<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

<!-- image -->

- Corporate Profile 01
- Chairman's Statement 05
- Board of Directors 07
- Operations and Financial Review 10
- Corporate Information 12
- Financial Contents 13

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE PROFILE

OEL (Holdings) Limited (' OEL '  or  the  ' Company ',  and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ')  is  a  forward-looking  Singapore  Exchange-listed company. OEL is committed to our goal of building a Pan-Asian High Tech Healthcare company as its core. OEL pursues long-term investments in stable and high-growth areas with value creation for shareholders in mind.

Since the restructuring was announced in early 2020, the Company has been engaging in the provision of healthcare and education services. The Company works with healthcare experts, early  childhood  development  specialists  and  other  industry-related  entities.  Its  operating segments include childcare wellness education, and healthcare products and services. The Company through its subsidiary, AJJ Healthcare Management Pte. Ltd. (' AJJ '),  operates in four business segments, namely medical, laboratory, veterinary and dental products. Its subsidiary, ESO Health Care Pte. Ltd. (' ESO ') provides education services focused on the social and emotional development of children with the psychological, physical and behavioral health of each child.

Furthermore,  OEL's  board  members  work  closely  with  leading  investors,  global  financial institutions, and other relevant industry players who can assist us in driving our businesses forward.

OEL was established in Singapore in 1984 and listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited on 21 December 1994.

<!-- image -->

This  annual  report  has  been  reviewed  by  the  Company's  sponsor,  Evolve  Capital  Advisory  Private  Limited,  for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST').

This annual report has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this annual report.

The details of the contact person for the sponsor is Mr Jerry Chua (Registered Professional, Evolve Capital Advisory Private Limited) at 138 Robinson Road, #13-02 Oxley Tower, Singapore 068906. Tel: 6241 6626.

1

<!-- image -->

## OEL (HOLDINGS)

MEDICAL LABORATORY VETERINARY DENTAL

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

2

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Higher Quality

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

4

e the needs ustry.

## professionals

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

On behalf of our Board of Directors (' Board '), I am pleased to present the annual report of OEL (Holdings) Limited (the ' Company ', and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ').

Throughout FY2022, Under our company culture of Fairness, Transparency, Professionalism and Integrity, our company has experienced continued growth in the healthcare industry. We have strengthened our brand and consumer awareness while expanding our sales channels, focusing on high-quality, hightech medical, laboratory, veterinary and dental products. We also have been providing quality after-sales services which allow us to rapidly progress towards our strategic goal of building a Pan-Asian High-Tech Healthcare company and establishing a medical  industry  manufacturing  plant  and  medical  products inventory base in Singapore.

Our wholly-owned subsidiary, AJJ Healthcare Management Pte. Ltd. (' AJJ '), has achieved numerous accomplishments, including  Good  Distribution  Practice  for  Medical  Devices (' GDPMDS ')  certification  in  October  2020,  an  import  and wholesale  Health  Science  Authority  (' HSA ')  license  also  in October  2020,  ISO  13485:2016  and  EN  ISO  13485:2016 accreditation in August 2021, and bizSAFE Level 3  accreditation  in  November  2021.  AJJ  has  also  obtained an HSA manufacturer license on 18 March 2022, introduced dental and  veterinary segment  products, expanded  its product  portfolio  to  over  6,000  products,  and  successfully entered the government tender market in Singapore.

In  the  field  of  early  childhood  education,  our  wholly-owned subsidiary, Discovery Kidz Preschool Pte. Ltd. (' DKP '), successfully  renewed  its  ECDA  license  in  2022,  which  is valid  for  a  duration  of  36  months.  Last  year,  in  collaboration with  our  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  ESO  Health  Child  Care Pte. Ltd. (' ESO '), we formed a textbook committee comprising world-class and professional early childhood education members  from  Nanyang  Technological  University  (' NTU ') and  Yale  New  Haven  Hospital  Day  Care  Centre  (' YNH '). Currently,  our  childcare  center,  DKP ,  and  YNH  in  the  United States  of  America  use  the  textbook.  It  is  recommended  by various early childhood education experts and psychologists. The  textbook  transcends  the  traditional  education  model  by prioritizing  social-emotional development to cultivate a child's self-confidence  and  resilience.  This  approach  helps  children adapt  to  societal  pressure  and  enhances  their  intelligence, emotional,  and  adversity  quotients.  In  2022,  we  also  began implementing the textbook's practical  use  in  our  preschools. In  addition  to  renewing  its  Early  Childhood  Development Agency license, DKP was honored with the 'Platinum Healthy Preschool'  award  by  the  National  Health  Promotion  Board of  Singapore.  This  recognition  reflects  our  commitment  to providing  a  high-quality  and  healthy  learning  environment  for the children under our care.

As we continue to make strides in both the healthcare and early  childhood  education  sectors,  we  remain  dedicated  to innovation, excellence, and the well-being of our clients. We are grateful for the ongoing support of our shareholders and look forward to building on our successes in the coming years.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

## MAINTAINED A STRONG BOARD

Since  2020,  I  together  with  Ms  Zhao  Xin  (' Ms  Zhao '), Mr Chong Eng Wee, Mr Yap Koon Loong and Dr Toh Lim Kai have continued to provide a diversified professional experience with  investment  banking  qualifications,  medical,  legal,  and audit and accounting expertise. The Company looks forward to further growth with the current board, and with the support of  the  board,  Ms  Zhao  will  lead  OEL's  management  and operations.

## ESTABLISHED A STRONG TEAM

Under  the  leadership  of  CEO,  Ms  Zhao,  the  Company  has assembled a diverse and robust team that transcends race, nationality, and gender. Most of the team members hold at least a bachelor's degree and possess expertise in various fields, including  medical  devices  management,  quality  assurance, supply chain and operations, business development, regional and  channel  sales,  and  marketing  experiences.  Our  team is  young,  qualified,  professional,  and  constantly  driven  to innovate,  spearhead,  and  grow  the  healthcare  division  of the  Company.  They  are  dedicated  to  sourcing  the  latest innovations  and  cutting-edge  medical  technology,  providing clients  with  comprehensive  end-to-end solutions in medical, dental, laboratory, and veterinary sectors.

## FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

The financial performance of FY2022 marked a breakthrough for  the  Group,  despite  its  extensive  expansion  into  new business divisions and segments. The Group  secured purchase  orders  of  S$0.63  million  from  regional  sales  and S$0.77 million from Singapore medical institutions in FY2022. AJJ successfully entered the government tender market in Singapore, won two master agreements, and will be providing services to 32 government medical organizations, resulting in substantial growth. The Board of Directors has confirmed that the company also has sufficient cash and banking resources to meet its working capital needs and the growth demands of its existing business for the next 12 months.

Additionally, the Company  is actively seeking regional business  opportunities  in  medical,  dental,  laboratory,  and veterinary  segments,  with  Singapore  serving  as  the  hub  of operations.  The  Company  is  also  actively  participating  in Singapore government tenders and focusing on increasing market share. This ongoing expansion and strong financial performance demonstrate the Group's dedication to growth and excellence in the healthcare sector.

## OUTLOOK IN 2023

As  we  enter  2023,  the  global  market  landscape  remains challenging due to various factors such as  economic uncertainty and  geopolitical  tensions.  However,  we  are pleased to inform you that the healthcare market in Singapore remains  robust,  and  we  are  well-prepared  to  capitalize  on this  growth.  With  the  Singapore  government's  continued investment in healthcare, we expect an increased demand for our medical equipment and services. We are committed to  providing  our  clients  with  high-quality  and  innovative products and services to meet their evolving needs.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

AJJ  continues  to  secure  partnerships  with  renowned  and high-tech  companies,  particularly  in  the  emerging  medical, dental, laboratory, and veterinary markets.

Looking ahead, we recognize that the global economy will remain  unpredictable.  The  healthcare  industry  needs  to maintain an upward trend of development, as the pandemic has highlighted its importance in promoting  economic recovery  and  rebuilding  competitive  advantages.  In  the domestic  market,  we  plan  to  increase  our  market  share, achieve  more  tender  master  agreements,  grow  our  repeat customers, improve  our profit margins, and  constantly enhance our ability to serve our valued clients. We also aim to expand into overseas markets, offering a broader range of breakthrough products focused on high-tech, high demand, integrated solution pricing,  and  sustainable  goods.  We will  remain  strategically  focused,  make  unremitting  efforts to  achieve  our  goals,  continuously  improvement,  and  be responsible for all shareholders, corporate governance, and society.

Furthermore,  we  plan  to  pursue  a  merger  and  acquisition (' M&amp;A ') strategy to acquire companies with a proven track record  of  profitability,  a  strong  management  team,  and a  well-established  product  market.  By  doing  so,  we  can expand our business and leverage the synergies between our companies, enhancing our competitiveness.

In its other healthcare segments, AJJ will continue working towards a breakthrough with government authorities and  regulation and  is in the process  of  extending  its ISO13458:2016 scope for its Singapore manufacturing plant. Concurrently, AJJ will focus on high-tech, high-margin, and eco-sustainable products, constantly improving its products and internal processes. We are continuing the manufacturing of  High-Intensity Focused Ultrasound (' HIFU ')  machines in Singapore and are in the process of registering for Singapore and relevant international medical licenses.

The Group will  persist  on  a  roadmap  to  promote  and  strengthen its core competencies, such as HIFU technology and medical solutions, Digital X-ray and medical imaging technology, and its  one-of-a-kind  social-emotional  development  textbook. With a sustainable Original Equipment Manufacturer (' OEM ') business model, the Group can bring in a substantial amount of healthcare solutions, such as customizable surgical packs, and  strengthen  the  Group's  supply  chain  with  government and  private  hospitals  and  related  medical  organizations. The  Group  will  also  aim  to  expand  its  influence  to  more organizations in Singapore, Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and other countries.

The Group will continue to fulfill its corporate social responsibility by publishing levels 2, 3, and  4 of the Social-Emotional Development Textbook series. Meanwhile, the Company will also actively searching for and introducing new eco-friendly and sustainable medical products.

In summary, our outlook for 2023 remains optimistic despite the  challenges  presented  by  the  global  market  landscape. We will continue to leverage our strong partnerships, expand our market presence, and invest in innovative technologies and  products.  By  pursuing  strategic  growth  opportunities, such  as  mergers  and  acquisitions,  we  aim  to  enhance our  competitiveness  and  create  long-term  value  for  our shareholders.  We  are  committed  to  fulfilling  our  corporate social  responsibilities,  and  our  focus  on  eco-friendly  and sustainable medical products reflects this commitment. With a  clear  roadmap  and  unwavering  dedication  to  our  core competencies, we believe that the Group is well-positioned for success in the coming year and beyond.

## COVID-19

While we transition towards relaxed COVID-19 safety measures,  the  Group  has  not  forgotten  to  prioritize  the health  and  well-being  of  all  stakeholders,  by  implementing safe  management measures. All of the Group's employees are  also  encouraged  to  register  for  their  vaccinations,  and to  date,  100%  of  our  employees  are  now  vaccinated.  The Group will continue to tread cautiously amidst the recurrent COVID-19 waves and new strains and continue to serve all healthcare front-liners with infection control products.

## APPRECIATION

On behalf of the Group, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all our business associates and partners for their  robust  support.  We  are  also  grateful  to  the  Board  for their commitment to best practices in corporate governance and for contributing their invaluable experience to guide the Group.  I  would  like  to  commend  our  CEO,  Ms  Zhao,  and the  management team for leading the company's strategic operations and making impactful business decisions. Most  of  all,  we  would  like  to  thank  all  our  employees  for continuously upholding the values of Fairness, Transparency, Professionalism,  and  Integrity  during  this  unprecedented period.

In the face of these formidable challenges, it is all the more important  for  each  and  everyone  in  the  Group  to  have  a sense of purpose, a sense of crisis, an ambitious spirit, and a strong sense of responsibility. I have every reason to believe that our businesses will soar to greater heights, and our team will continue to stay united, innovative, and resilient. Lastly, I want to thank our shareholders for your unwavering support and trust in the Group. We look forward to embarking on this next chapter together.

Yours Sincerely,

## DR ZHANG JIAN

Chairman and Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Dr Zhang Jian (' Dr Zhang ') was appointed as Chairman and  Executive  Director  of  the  Company  on  4  May 2020.  He  has  over  30  years  of  extensive  corporate management experience and leadership positions covering  the  entire  industry  value  chain  of  investment banking,  real  estate  (city  planning,  commercial  and medical), internet plus, life sciences and etc. He also has vast experience in strategy planning and management, change management, corporate/project funding, assets management  and  allocation  and  project  development etc.

Dr Zhang  is  currently  also  the  CEO  of  Eminence Investment Pte. Ltd.. Most recently, he has successfully helped companies' turnover through multiple transformation  initiatives,  designed  and  implemented 2  real  estate  projects,  and  built  overseas  operation capabilities.

Dr Zhang holds tertiary education in China and Japan, obtained  MBA  and  DBA  in  United  States.  He  has 20  years'  experience  overseas,  and  8  years  in  China, and has a deep appreciation of corporate culture in Asia, Middle East and Western developed countries.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

ZHAO XIN

Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Ms Zhao Xin was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the Company on 20 January 2020 and will be seeking re-appointment at the forthcoming AGM. Based on her prior experience in the financial investment space, Ms Zhao possesses valuable insight on financial, healthcare, medical, childcare, commodities and tourism industries.

Prior  to  her  appointment  with  the  Company,  Ms  Zhao was  appointed  as  the  Executive  Director  for  Strategy and Risk Management in Eminence Investment Pte. Ltd.. She brings with her skills and knowledge on merger and acquisition and asset management.

Ms  Zhao  holds  a  Master  of  Social  Sciences  (China and  Global  Governance)  from  Nanyang  Technological University, a Master of Science in Professional Accountancy from University of London and a Bachelor of Science in Finance and Accounting Management from Northeastern University in the United States. Additionally, she has completed the Program for Leadership Development at Harvard Business School.

<!-- image -->

Dr Toh Lim Kai (' Dr Toh ') was appointed as Independent Director  of  the  Board  on  17  October  2020.  He  was also  appointed  as  a  member  of  Audit  Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee.

Dr  Toh  has  been  family  physician  at  Doctors  for  life medical since 2018. Dr Toh has more than 10 years of experience in the pharmaceutical/medical device industry as the regional medical director for GE Healthcare, ViiV and  Abbvie  where  he  implemented  the  medical  affairs strategy for the Asia Pacific region.

Dr Toh is currently a member of the HomeTeam NS Audit Committee.

7

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## MR CHONG ENG WEE

Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr  Chong  Eng  Wee  (' Mr  Chong ')  was  appointed  as Independent &amp; Non-Executive Director of the Board on 30 June 2020. He was also appointed as the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit Committee.

Mr  Chong  is  the  Managing  Director  and  heads  the Corporate &amp; Capital Markets Practice at Chevalier Law LLC.  He  is  admitted  as  an  Advocate  and  Solicitor  in Singapore,  Solicitor  of  the  High  Court  of  Hong  Kong, Lawyer  of  the  Supreme  Court  of  New  South  Wales, Australia, and a Barrister and Solicitor of the High Court of New Zealand.

Prior  to  founding  his  own  firm,  he  was  a  Partner  and Head  of  Corporate  at  Kennedys  Legal  Solutions  Pte. Ltd., a joint law venture between Kennedys Singapore LLP and Legal Solutions LLC, the Deputy Head of both the Capital Markets and the International China (South East Asia) practices at RHTLaw Taylor Wessing LLP and the representative for the Shanghai representative office of another joint law venture firm, Duane Morris &amp; Selvam LLP in Singapore.

His  areas  of  practice  include  capital  markets,  mergers and  acquisitions,  private  equity,  funds,  China  (' PRC '), private  wealth,  corporate  and  commercial  contracts, regulatory  compliance,  and  corporate  governance.  He has advised issuers, issue managers, underwriters and placement  agents,  private  equity  funds,  multinational corporations, high net-worth individuals and small and medium  enterprises  on  transactions  including  initial public offerings (' IPO '), pre-IPO investment, dual listings, reverse takeovers, public takeovers, rights and warrants  issues,  placement,  local  and  cross  border acquisitions and disposals of shares and assets, downstream  investment  by  private  equity  funds,  joint ventures,  and  corporate  restructuring.  He  has  advised clients on variable capital companies, establishment of family  offices  and  their  tax  incentives  and  applications to the Monetary Authority of Singapore pertaining to capital market  service licenses and  registered fund management companies. He has also acted in various cross border  transactions  with  PRC  elements,  and  frequently advises issuers on their regulatory compliance and corporate governance issues. He was ranked as Singapore's Top 40 Most Influential  Lawyers  aged  40  and  under  by  Singapore Business Review (2015).

Currently,  he  is  a  Non-Executive  and  Lead  Independent Director of Heatec Jietong Holdings Ltd. (Stock Code: 5OR) since April 2018 and GS Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 43A) since January 2019, all of which are SGX-ST Catalist listed companies.

He is also the Company Secretary of Sincap Group Limited (Stock  Code:  5UN)  since  November  2021,  LHN  Logistics Limited (Stock Code: GIH) since August 2021, both SGX-ST Catalist  listed  companies,  Shanghai  Turbo  Enterprises  Ltd. (Stock Code: AWM), a SGX-ST Mainboard listed company since  October  2022,  China  Vanadium  Titano-Magnetite Mining  Company  Limited  (Stock  Code:  893),  a  company listed on Mainboard of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange since December 2019, and LHN Limited, listed on both SGX-ST Catalist Board (Stock Code: 41O) and the Mainboard of Hong Kong Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 1730) since April 2020.

He  was  previously the joint company  secretaries and company  secretary,  as  the  case  may  be,  of  3  SGX-ST Mainboard listed companies: Hanwell Holdings Limited (Stock Code: DM0), Intraco Limited (Stock Code: I06), and Tat Seng Packaging Group Ltd (Stock Code: T12) between March  2012  and  October  2012.  He  was  also  the  NonExecutive  and  Independent  Director  of  Innopac  Holdings Limited, a SGX-ST Mainboard listed company (Stock Code: I26)  between  April  2018  and  December  2018,  and  of  CW Group Holdings Limited, a company listed on the Mainboard of  the  Hong  Kong  Stock  Exchange  (Stock  Code:  1322) between November 2018 and June 2019 and of KTL Global Limited, a SGX-ST Mainboard listed company (Stock Code: EB7) between 1 August 2019 and 21 March 2022.

<!-- image -->

Mr  Yap  Koon  Loong  (' Mr  Yap ')  was  appointed  as Independent  Director  of  the  Board  on  27  February 2020. He was last re-elected on 29 April 2022. Mr Yap is  the  Chairman of Audit Committee and a member of Remuneration Committee and Nominating Committee.

Mr Yap is currently director of companies specialising in corporate restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, and business management.

Mr Yap has more than 20 years of experience in various industries  like  healthcare,  semiconductor  and  other electronic component manufacturing, renewable energy, telecommunication, property development, precision engineering.  He  was  chief  financial  officer  of  several listed  companies  on  both  the  Mainboard  and  Catalist Board of SGX-ST in the past.

Mr  Yap  holds  a  Master  of  Business  in  Professional Accounting from Victoria University of Technology, Australia.

As of the date of this Annual Report, Mr Yap does not hold any direct or indirect interest in the Company.

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## REVIEW OF TURNOVER, COSTS AND EARNINGS

## Revenue

The  Group's  revenue  has  increased  by  S$0.46 million (143.8%) from S$0.32 million for the financial year  ended  31  December  2021  (' FY2021 ') to S$0.78 million for financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '). The increase was primarily due to more revenue being generated from AJJ Healthcare Management Pte. Ltd. of S$0.59 million in FY2022 as  compared  to  FY2021  of  S$0.04  million.  This is  offset  by  the  drop  in  revenue  of  the  childcare wellness  education  segment  under  Discovery  Kidz Preschool Pte. Ltd. from S$0.25 million in FY2021 to S$0.18 million in FY2022.

## Other operating income

Other operating income has decreased by S$2.32 million  (-93.6%)  from  S$2.48  million  in  FY2021  to S$0.16 million in FY2022. The decrease was mainly due to the one-off gain on sale of a leasehold land and building amounting to S$1.88 million generated in  FY2021  with  no  similar  significant  one-off  gain recorded in FY2022. The other operating income of S$0.16 million in FY2022 comprise mainly of income from government grants.

## Selling and distribution expenses

Selling  and  distribution  expenses  decreased  by S$0.28  million (-22.1%) from S$1.27  million in FY2021 to approximately S$0.99 million in FY2022. The  decrease  in  selling  and  distribution  expenses was mainly due to our efforts to optimise employee salaries and improve productivity, resulting in a more efficient use of resources.

## Administrative expenses

Administrative expenses increased by S$0.67 million (21.5%)  from  S$3.11  million  in  FY2021  to  S$3.78 million in FY2022. The increase was mainly due to increase  in  the  operating  expenses  of  the  Group's healthcare products and services segment as revenue in this segment has increased considerately, which resulted from more resources being.

## Other operating expenses

Other operating expenses of the Group increased by approximately S$0.28 million (700.0%) from S$0.04 million  in  FY2021  to  S$0.32  million  in  FY2022. The increase was  mainly pertaining to one-off impairment  loss  of  goodwill  of  S$0.27  million  and loss on write-off of property, plant and equipment of S$0.05 million.

## Finance costs

Finance  costs  of  the  Group  decreased  by  S$0.01 million  (-12.5%)  from  S$0.08  million  in  FY2021  to S$0.07  million  in  FY2022.  The  decrease  mainly pertained  to  the  decrease  in  the  interest  on  lease liabilities.

## Loss for the financial period (attributable to equity holders of the Company)

As a result of the above, the Group reported a loss attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company  of S$4.25 million in FY2022 as compared to a loss of S$1.73 million in FY2021. The loss mainly pertained to  operating  losses  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries and one-off impairment loss of goodwill of S$0.27 million  and  loss  on  write-off  of  property,  plant  and equipment of S$0.05 million in FY2022. In addition to the above, in prior year, there was a one-off gain on sale of a leasehold land and building amounting to S$1.88 million which did not recur in the current year.

## OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

## REVIEW OF WORKING CAPITAL, ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

## Current assets

Current  assets  decreased  by  S$3.57  million  from S$4.99 million as of 31 December 2021 ('FY2021') to approximately S$1.42 million as of 31 December 2022 ('FY2022'). The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in cash and cash equivalents of S$3.5 million due to net outflows for operational purposes.

## Non-current assets

Non-current assets decreased by S$0.91 million from S$2.55 million in FY2021 to S$1.64 million in FY2022. The  decrease  was  mainly  due  to  the  depreciation for  both  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  and right-of-use assets which cumulatively amounted to S$0.72 million for FY2022. The decrease is further due to one-off impairment loss of goodwill of S$0.27 million  and  loss  on  write-off  of  property,  plant  and equipment of S$0.05 million. The decrease is partially  offset  by  the  acquisition  of  new  plant  and equipment of S$0.04 million.

## Non-current liabilities

Non-current  liabilities  decreased  by  approximately S$0.33  million  from  S$1.42  million  in  FY2021  to S$1.09 million in FY2022. This decrease is primarily due to the repayment of lease liabilities  of  S$0.28 million  and  the  decrease  in  deferred  tax  liabilities of  S$0.28  million  due  to  reversal  of  over-provision of  deferred  tax  liabilities  offset  by  an  increase  of S$0.21 million in loan and borrowing obtained from a director of the Group's subsidiary during the year.

## Current liabilities

Current  liabilities  increased  by  S$0.09  million  from S$0.75 million in FY2021 to approximately S$0.84 million in FY2022. The increase is due to the increase of S$0.14 million in trade and other payables, and S$0.11 million in provision for other liabilities, offset by the decrease of S$0.16 million in current portion of lease liabilities.

## REVIEW OF CASH FLOW STATEMENT

## Net cash used in operating activities

In FY2022, the Group recorded a net cash outflow for  operating  activities  of  S$3.2  million.  The  net operating cash outflow was mainly due to operating losses  before  working  capital  changes  of  S$3.41 million  and  adjusted  for  working  capital  inflow  of S$0.27  million.  Working  capital  inflow  is  mainly due  to  (i)  increase  in  trade  and  other  payables of  approximately  S$0.25  million;  (ii)  decrease  of S$0.24 million in trade and other receivables offset by increase in inventories of S$0.22 million.

## Net cash used in investing activities

Net  cash  used  in  investing  activities  of  S$0.04 million  during  the  year  pertained  to  the  acquisition of property, plant and equipment of S$0.04 million.

## Net cash used in financing activities

Net  cash  used  in  financing  activities  of  S$0.25 million during the period in FY2022 mainly pertained to the payment for principal portion of lease liabilities of S$0.46 million, offset by the increase in loan and borrowing of S$0.21 million.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## OEL (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Zhang Jian (Chairman and Executive Director)

Zhao Xin (Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director)

Yap Koon Loong (Independent Director)

Chong Eng Wee (Independent Director)

Toh Lim Kai (Independent Director)

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Tan Wei Yang

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898

## REGISTERED OFFICE

8 Commonwealth Lane #02-04 Grande Building Singapore 149555 Tel: +65 6235 5091

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

United Overseas Bank Limited

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Yap Koon Loong (Chairman) Chong Eng Wee Toh Lim Kai

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Chong Eng Wee (Chairman) Yap Koon Loong Toh Lim Kai

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Chong Eng Wee (Chairman) Yap Koon Loong Toh Lim Kai

## AUDITOR

PKF-CAP LLP 6 Shenton Way OUE Downtown 1, #38-01 Singapore 068809

Partner In-Charge: Mr Sia Boon Tiong (With effect from financial year ended 31 December 2021)

## SPONSOR

Evolve Capital Advisory Private Limited 138 Robinson Road #13-02, Oxley Tower Singapore 068906

Registered Professional: Mr Jerry Chua

## CONTENTS

| 14  Report on Corporate Governance  43  Directors' Statement  46  Independent Auditor's Report  52  Consolidated Statement of  Comprehensive Income  53  Statements of Financial Position  54  Statements of Changes in Equity  56  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  57  Notes to the Financial Statements  93  Share Statistics  94  Information on Directors Seeking Re-Election  100  Notice of Annual General Meeting  Proxy Form   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

13

14

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The board of directors (the ' Board ' or ' Directors ') of OEL (Holdings) Limited (the ' Company ' and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and places importance on  its  corporate  governance  processes  and  systems  so  as  to  ensure  greater  transparency,  accountability  and maximisation of long-term shareholder value.

The Company has adopted corporate governance practices and guidelines with references to the Code of Corporate Governance issued in August 2018 (the ' Code ') for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ').

Pursuant to Rule 710 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ') issued by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST '),  this  corporate  governance  report  (this  ' Report ')  outlines  the Company's corporate governance practices that were in place during FY2022. In areas where the Company's practices vary from any Provisions of the Code, the Company has stated herein the Provision of the Code from which it has varied, and appropriate explanations are provided for the variation and how the practices the Company had adopted are consistent with the intent of the relevant Principle of the Code. The Company will continue to assess its needs and implement appropriate practices accordingly.

## I. BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of Affairs

- Principle 1:

The company is headed by an effective Board which is collectively responsible and works with Management for the long-term success of the company.

## Provision 1.1

## Principal Duties of the Board

The Board provides strategic guidance, oversees the key activities for the Company and ensures that there are adequate financial and human resources to achieve its objectives and long-term success of the business.

The Board's principal functions include providing entrepreneurial leadership and approving strategic business plans, annual budget plans, any major acquisition or disposal of assets and businesses, and the financial results of the Group. Additionally, another principal function of the Board is establishing a framework of prudent and effective controls appropriate to the nature and size of the Group's operations which enable risks to be assessed and  managed,  including  the  safeguarding  of  shareholders'  interests  and  the  Company's  assets,  and  sets corporate values and standards (including ethical standards) for the Company to ensure that its obligations to shareholders and other stakeholders are met. In addition, the Board reviews the Company's corporate policies and financial performance.

The Board is also responsible for the long-term succession of the Company and will also consider sustainability issues, including environmental and social factors, as part of the strategic formulation of the Group.

## Conflict of Interests

The  Directors  have  the  fiduciary  duty  to  act  objectively  in  the  best  interests  of  the  Company  and  hold  the management of the Company (the ' Management ') accountable for their performance. Where a Director has a conflict or potential conflict of interest in relation to any matter, he or she will declare his or her interest at the  meeting or send a written notice to the Company pursuant to Section 156 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Companies Act '), setting out the details of his or her interest and the conflict and recuse himself or herself from any discussions on the matter and abstain from participating in any decision to be made by the Board.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 1.2

## Director Competencies

All  Directors  have  a  good  understanding  of  the  Company's  business  as  well  as  their  directorship  duties (including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors).

While the duties imposed by law are the same for all Directors, a listed Board will generally have different classes of directors with different roles:

- Executive Directors (EDs) are members of Management who are involved in the day-to-day running of the business. They work closely with the Non-Executive Directors on the long-term sustainability and success of the business of the Company. They provide insight and recommendations on the Group's operations at the Board and Board Committees meetings.
- Non-Executive and Independent Directors (IDs) are Non-Executive Directors who are unrelated to any of the Executive Directors and deemed to be impartial by the Board. Independent Directors have similar duties as the Non-Executive Directors, with the additional responsibility of providing independent and objective advice and insight to the Board and Management.

Directors are expected to develop their competencies to discharge their duties effectively and are provided with opportunities to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the Company's expense.

## Appointment Letter

All newly appointed directors are given a service agreement and/or a letter of appointment (as the case may be), setting out their duties, obligations and the terms of appointment, and are briefed on the Group's structure, business, operations and policies.

## Directors' Orientation and Training

Orientation is organised for new Director(s) upon their appointment, which includes a briefing by Management on the Group's structure, business strategies and operations. The Company will also arrange for each first-time Director to receive relevant training in the roles and responsibilities of a director of a listed issuer as prescribed by the Exchange to meet the mandatory training requirements under Catalist Rule 406(3)(a) and Practice Note 4D of the Catalist Rules. The training of Directors will be arranged and funded by the Company.

Under Rule 406(3)(a) and Practice Note 4D of the Catalist Rules, Dr Toh Lim Kai (' Dr Toh '), being a first-time Director of a listed issuer on the SGX-ST and who was appointed as an Independent Director of the Company on 17 October 2020, was required to attend the following mandatory prescribed courses conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors. As at the date of this report, Dr Toh has completed the four (4) compulsory core modules conducted by the Singapore Institute of Directors. The details of the courses attended by Dr Toh and the date of completion of the respective modules are set out in the table below:

| Modules  Date of completion  LED 1 - Listed Entity Director Essentials  08/03/2022  LED 2 - Board Dynamics  30/05/2022  LED 3 - Board Performance  04/03/2021  LED 4 - Stakeholder Engagement  05/03/2021   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

16

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company recognises the importance of appropriate training for the Directors, apart from the initial orientation. The Directors are updated on amendments to/requirements under the Catalist Rules and other statutory and regulatory requirements from time to time, to enable them to discharge their duties effectively. Continual training particularly in respect of relevant new laws and regulations will be provided to the Directors from time to time.

The briefings, updates and/or training received by/attended by the Directors collectively for FY2022 include the following:

- (a) the  Company's  external  auditors  updated  the  members  of  the  Audit  Committee  of  the  Company  on developments and/or changes on the relevant accounting standards;
- (b) the Directors were updated on the business activities and strategic directions of the Group;
- (c) the Directors attended training on sustainability matters as prescribed by the SGX-ST, in compliance with Catalist Rule 720(6);
- (d) the Directors were updated on changes to the Catalist Rules, corporate governance matters and other regulatory requirements on a regular basis; and
- (e) relevant training courses organised by the institutes and/or group associations of specific interest.

## Provision 1.3

## Matters Requiring Board's Approval

The  Board  has  adopted  internal  guidelines  on  matters  that  require  the  Board's  approval,  including  the appointment  of  Directors,  significant  funding,  investment  proposals  and  material  capital  expenditures.  The approval of the Board is required for any matter which is likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating divisions or the financial position as well as matters other than in the ordinary course of business.

Matters  requiring  extensive  discussion  would  be  circulated  to  the  Board  in  advance  for  their  information. Management would then table the agenda to the Board for discussion so that the presented matters can be reviewed in detail.

## Provision 1.4

## Delegation by the Board

To assist the Board in the execution of its responsibilities and to provide independent oversight of Management, the Board has established a number of committees to assist the Board in discharging its responsibilities efficiently and effectively.  These  committees include the Audit Committee (' AC '),  the  Remuneration  Committee (' RC ') and the Nominating Committee (' NC ') (collectively, the ' Board Committees '). Each of the Board Committee's functions, roles and authorities are clearly set out in their respective terms of reference.

The Board Committees function within clearly defined terms of references and operating procedures endorsed by the Board, which are reviewed on a regular basis, along with the committee structures and membership, to ensure their continued relevance, taking into consideration the changes in the governance and legal environment. The Board Committees will also review their terms of reference on a regular basis to ensure their continued relevance,  and  the  effectiveness  of  each  Board  Committee  is  also  constantly  reviewed  by  the  Board.  The composition and description of each Board Committee are set out in this Report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each Board Committee is actively engaged and plays an important role in ensuring good corporate governance in the Company and within the Group. The Board Committees report its activities regularly to the Board. Please refer to the respective principles as set out in this Report for further information on the activities of each Board Committee.  Minutes  of  the  Board  Committees  are  regularly  provided  to  the  Board  and  are  available  to  all Board members. The Board acknowledges that while these various Board Committees have the authority to examine particular issues and report back to the Board with their decisions and recommendations, the ultimate responsibility on all matters lies with the Board. The Board Committees have explicit authority to investigate any matter within their terms of reference, have full access to and co-operation by Management, have resources to enable them to discharge their functions properly and full discretion to invite any Director or senior Management to attend their meetings.

## Provision 1.5

## Board and Board Committees Meetings

The Board conducts regularly scheduled meetings on a half-yearly basis to coincide with the announcement of the Group's half-year and full-year financial results and to keep the Board updated on business activities and the overall business environment in which the Group operates. Additional meetings are convened as and when circumstances dictate.

Regulation 114 of the Company's Constitution provides that a Director shall be deemed present at a meeting of Directors if he or she participates by telephone or other electronic means, and all Directors participating in the meeting are able to hear one another. Board and Board Committee meetings in FY2022 were held in-person and by way of virtual conference, in line with government advisories amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. Decisions of the Board and Board Committees may also be obtained through circular resolutions.

Each of the Board and Board Committee members have attended all meetings held by the Company during the tenure of their appointment on the Board and on the respective Board Committee(s). The number of Board and Board Committee meetings held in FY2022 and the attendance of each Director are set out as follows:

| No. of Meetings held  Board of  Directors  Audit Committee  Nominating  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  1/1  2/2  Member  1/1  2/2  Member  1/1  Member  1/1  Dr Zhang Jian      No    *    *  No    *  No    *  Ms Zhao Xin      No    *    *  No    *  No    *  Mr Yap Koon Loong      Chairman      Yes    Yes    Mr Chong Eng Wee      Yes      Chairman    Chairman    Dr Toh Lim Kai      Yes      Yes    Yes     |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-  -Attendance at the meeting as a member of the Board / Board Committee
* -Attendance by invitation of the relevant Board Committee

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Multiple Board Representations

All Directors are required to declare their board representations on an annual basis and as soon as practicable after the relevant facts have come to his or her knowledge. The NC will review whether a Director is able to and has adequately carried out his or her duties as a director of the Company from time to time, in particular, where a Director has multiple board representations and/or other principal commitments.

Although some of the Board members have multiple board representations and hold other principal commitments, the NC, having reviewed each Director's other listed company directorships and/or principal commitments, where applicable, as well as each Director's attendance and contributions to the Board, is satisfied that sufficient time and attention was given by the Directors to the Company to discharge their responsibilities for the financial year in review. Holistically, the contributions by the Directors during the meetings and attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings are also taken into consideration.

Further, having assessed the capacity of the Directors based on factors such as the expected and/or competing time commitments of Directors, the size and composition of the Board and the nature and scope of the Group's operations and size, the Board is of the view that the other directorship commitments of the Directors would allow  them  to  have  increased  exposure  to  different  boards  and  broaden  their  experience  and  knowledge  in relation to board matters, hence ultimately benefitting the Company.

## Provision 1.6

## Access to Information

Prior to each Board meeting and when the need arises, the Board is provided with complete and adequate information in a timely manner, thus allowing the Directors to deliberate on issues which require consideration. Management would also provide the explanatory documents on matters to be discussed before the Board and Board Committee meetings. Copies of disclosure documents, budgets, forecasts, unaudited financial statements together with explanations in relation to any significant or material variance between the budget and actual results are tabled by Management for review and discussion during the meetings. Directors are entitled to request from Management and be provided with additional information as needed to make informed decisions and discharge their duties and responsibilities.

## Provision 1.7

## Access to Management and Company Secretary

The Directors have separate and independent access to Management, the Company Secretary and the external auditors at all times. The Directors also have unrestricted access to the Company's records and information. The Company Secretary administers, attends and prepares minutes of all Board and Board Committee meetings for circulation and approval.

The appointment and the removal of the Company Secretary rests with the Board as a whole. As announced by the Company on 14 July 2022 and as decided collectively by the Board, Mr Tan Wei Yang was appointed as the Company Secretary in place of Ms Lee Yi Han with effect on and from 25 July 2022.

## Independent Professional Advice

Where the Directors, either individually or as a group, in the furtherance of their duties, require independent professional  advice,  such  service  will  be  available  at  the  Company's  expense.  The  Directors  may,  on  a case-to-case basis, propose for independent and professional advice to be sought, the cost of which will be borne by the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board Composition and Guidance

Principle 2:

The  Board  has  an  appropriate  level  of  independence  and  diversity  of  thought  and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

## Provision 2.1

## Director Independence

There is a strong and independent element on the Board given that the Independent Directors form the majority of the Board. The criterion for independence is based on the definition set out in the Code and the Practice Guidance on the Code of Corporate Governance issued in August 2018 (the ' Practice Guidance ') and taking into consideration whether the Director falls under any circumstances pursuant to Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules. The Board considers an 'independent' Director as one who has no relationship with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers that could interfere, or be reasonably perceived to interfere, with the exercise of the Director's independent business judgment with a view to the best interests of the Company.

The Board has taken into account the assessment of the NC on whether a Director is independent in character and judgment and whether there are relationships or circumstances which are likely to affect or could appear to affect the Director's judgment. In assessing the independence of each Director annually, the NC had examined different relationships identified by the Code that might impair the Directors' independence and objectivity. The NC had reviewed the independence of and determined that each of the Independent Directors, namely Mr Yap Koon Loong (' Mr Yap '), Mr Chong Eng Wee (' Mr Chong '), and Dr Toh, are considered independent for the purposes of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

## Duration of Independent Directors' Tenure

As at the date of this Report, none of the Independent Directors has served on the Board beyond nine (9) years since the date of his first appointment.

The Company is cognizant of the removal of the two-tier vote mechanism by the Singapore Exchange Regulation and will ensure that the tenure of each of its Independent Directors do not exceed the nine-year limit.

## Provision 2.2

## Proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors

As at the date of this Report and in view that the Chairman is not an Independent Director, the Board comprises a majority of three (3) Directors (out of a five (5) member Board) who are Independent Directors.

## Provision 2.3

## Proportion of Non-Executive Directors

As at the date of this Report, the Board comprises a majority of three (3) Directors (out of a five (5) member Board) who are Non-Executive Directors.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 2.4

## Board Composition and Size

As at the date of this Report, the Board comprises the following five (5) Directors, two (2) of whom are Executive Directors and three (3) of whom are Non-Executive Directors, of which all three (3) are Independent Directors:

| Name of Director  Designation  Date of  Appointment  Last Date of  Re-election  Dr Zhang Jian  Chairman and Executive  Director  4 May 2020  29 April 2022  Ms Zhao Xin  CEO and Executive Director  20 January 2020  29 April 2021  Mr Yap Koon Loong  Independent Director  27 February 2020  29 April 2022  Mr Chong Eng Wee  Independent Director  30 June 2020  29 April 2021  Dr Toh Lim Kai  Independent Director  17 October 2020  29 April 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The NC is responsible for examining the size and composition of the Board and Board Committees. Having considered the scope and nature of the Group's operations, the requirements of the business of the Group and the need to avoid undue disruptions from changes to the composition of the Board and Board Committees, the Board, in concurrence with the NC, believes that its current board size and the existing composition of the Board Committees effectively serve the Group. Additionally, the current size and the existing composition of the Board Committees provide sufficient diversity of skills, experience, and knowledge without interfering with efficient decision-making. The Board collectively has professional expertise in business management, accounting, legal, corporate governance and medical aspects.

## Board Diversity

The Company has a written Board Diversity Policy setting out its objectives, principles, implementation, timelines, and monitoring and reporting, in compliance with Rule 710A of the Catalist Rules. The Board Diversity Policy emphasizes on promoting board diversity through the identified principles of meritocracy, inclusiveness and broad  perspective,  which  encompasses  a  wide  range  of  factors  such  as  age,  gender,  ethnicity,  nationality, educational background, professional experience and expertise. Through the Board Diversity Policy, the Company endeavours to foster a culture of inclusion and respect for individual differences in supporting the achievement of strategic objectives and sustainable growth for the Company.

In  recognizing  the  importance  of  a  diverse  and  inclusive  board  in  creating  a  competitive  and  sustainable organization, it has maintained a culture of diversity to benefit from a wide talent pool. The current composition of  the  Board  has  the  appropriate  balance  of  skills,  experience,  knowledge,  gender  and  backgrounds.  Their varied experiences are particularly important in ensuring that the strategies proposed by Management are fully discussed and examined, taking into account the long-term interests of the Company, Group and Shareholders.

It  is  the  responsibility  of  the  Nominating  Committee  to  monitor  the  implementation  of  the  Board  Diversity Policy, report to the Board on its effectiveness and achievement of qualitative and quantitative objectives, and recommend any revisions to the Board for consideration and approval.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

In FY2022, the Board sought to continuously enhance the diversity of the Board in terms of the balance of skills, experience, knowledge and other aspects such as age. The NC is of the view that the current Board comprises Directors who collectively provide capabilities required for the Board to be effective in respect of the industry in which the Group operates, such capabilities and experience including but not limited to professional expertise in business management, accounting, legal, corporate governance and medical aspects. To meet the evolving challenges in the industry in which the Group operates, the Board undertakes periodic reviews which include considering factors such as the expertise, skills and perspectives that the Board needs against the existing competencies, to ensure that the Board dynamics remain optimal.

## Provision 2.5

## Meeting of the Independent Directors without Management

The Independent Directors  constructively  challenge  and  help  develop  proposals  on  strategy  and  review  the performance of Management in meeting the goals and objectives of the Group. Additionally, the Independent Directors  monitor  the  reporting  of  the  Company's  performance,  meet  privately  without  the  presence  of  the Executive Directors and Management as and when necessary and provide feedback to the Board as appropriate. The Independent Directors have met once in the absence of Management in FY2022, via virtual conference, in line with government advisories amidst the COVID-19 pandemic. The Company also benefits from Management's ready access to its Directors for guidance and exchange of views at the Board and Board Committee meetings or informal meetings.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

- Principle 3: There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and

Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## Provision 3.1

## Separation of the Role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ('CEO')

Dr Zhang Jian (' Dr Zhang ') is the Chairman of the Board and Ms Zhao Xin (' Ms Zhao ') is the CEO and Executive Director of the Company. There is no familial relationship between the Chairman and the CEO. There is a clear division  of  roles  and  responsibilities  between  the  Chairman  and  the  CEO  to  ensure  an  appropriate  balance of power and authority, increased accountability and greater capacity of the Board for independent decision making. No individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## Provision 3.2

## Role of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Roles and Responsibilities of the Chairman

The role of the Chairman of the Board is to lead and ensure the effectiveness of the Board. This includes:

- (a) promoting a culture of openness and debate at the Board level;
- (b) facilitating the effective contribution of all Directors; and
- (c) promoting high standards of corporate governance.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Chairman also ensures that Board meetings are held as and when necessary and ensures that information and materials to be discussed at Board meetings are circulated on a timely basis to Directors so as to enable them to  be  updated  and  prepared,  enhancing  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a  whole.  He  engages  and promotes  constructive  discussions  among  the  Directors  and  engages  with  members  of  the  Management regularly. The Chairman assumes the lead role in promoting high standards of corporate governance and ensures effective communication with shareholders.

At general meetings, the Chairman plays a pivotal role in fostering constructive dialogue between shareholders, the Board and the Management.

## Roles and Responsibilities of the CEO

Ms Zhao Xin, the CEO and Executive Director of the Company, plays an instrumental role in developing the business of the Group and is responsible for the overall strategic planning and direction of the Group. Ms Zhao also provides the Group with strong leadership and vision.

## Provision 3.3

## Lead Independent Director

The Company has not appointed a Lead Independent Director. Despite its deviation from Provision 3.3 of the Code, the NC and the Board is of the view that the current Board composition and structure is appropriate in view of the following:

- (a) the role of the Chairman and the CEO are separate;
- (b) the majority of the Company's Directors are independent; and
- (c) the whistle-blowing channel is available for shareholder(s) to directly contact AC Chairman for where they have concerns and for which contact through normal channels of communication with the Chairman or Management are inappropriate or inadequate.

Accordingly, the Board is of the view that the absence of a Lead Independent Director will not be prejudicial to the interests of shareholders and is in line with the intent of Principle 3 of the Code. The NC will review the requirement to appoint a Lead Independent Director to the Board from time to time.

## Board Membership

Principle 4:

The  Board  has  a  formal  and  transparent  process  for  the  appointment  and re-appointment of directors, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## Provision 4.1

## Roles and Duties of the Nominating Committee

The Board has established a NC which is guided by its terms of reference, including but not limited to the key responsibilities as follows:

1. to review the appointment and re-appointment of Directors (including alternate directors, if any);
2. to  regularly  review  the  Board  structure,  size,  composition, diversity and skills of the Board and make recommendations to the Board with regards to any adjustments that are deemed necessary;
3. to review the succession plans for Directors, in particular, the appointment and/or replacement of the Chairman, the CEO and key management personnel;
4. to review the process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the Board, the Board Committees and Directors;
5. to review the training and professional development programs for the Board and its Directors and ensures that all new members of the Board undergo an appropriate orientation programme;
6. to determine, on an annual basis, and as and when circumstances require, if a Director is independent;
7. to  recommend  Directors  who  are  retiring  by  rotation  or  are  newly  appointed  to  be  put  forward  for re-election;
8. to ensure that new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations;
9. to review and determine whether a Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his duties as a Director of the Company, taking into consideration, inter alia , the Director's number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments; and
10. such other duties or functions as may be delegated by the Board or required by regulatory authorities.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 4.2

## Nominating Committee Composition

As  at  the  date  of  this  Report,  the  NC  comprises  three  (3)  members,  all  three  (3)  of  which  are  Independent Directors (including the Chairman of the NC), as follows:

Mr Chong Eng Wee -

Chairman

Mr Yap Koon Loong -

Member

Dr Toh Lim Kai - Member

Accordingly,  the  composition  of  the  NC  is  in  compliance  with  the  Code,  which  requires  the  majority  of  the NC members to be independent.

## Provision 4.3

## Selection and appointment of Directors

The Board assesses and evaluates whether new Directors and/or retiring Directors will be appointed/re-appointed, taking  into  consideration  their  skills,  experience  and  contribution.  The  NC,  in  consultation  with  the  Board, identifies  the  current  needs  of  the  Board  in  terms  of  skills,  experience  and  knowledge,  to  complement  and strengthen  the  Board.  Potential  candidates  are  sourced  from  the  network  of  contacts  of  the  Board  and Management,  including  engaging  professional  search  firms  and  recruitment  consultants  if  the  appointment requires a specific skill set or industry specialisation. The NC, after having assessed each candidate based on the  essential  and  desirable  competencies  for  a  particular  appointment,  will  then  nominate  the  most  suitable candidate for appointment to the Board.

## Re-election of Directors

Regulation 87 of the Company's Constitution provides that at each Annual General Meeting (' AGM '), one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or multiples of three, then the number nearest to one-third, shall retire from office. Rule 720(4) of the Catalist Rules also provides that all Directors must submit themselves for re-nomination and re-appointment at least once every three (3) years.

Regulation 89 of the Company's Constitution provides that the Directors to retire in every year shall be those who have been longest in office since their last election, but as between persons who became Directors on the same day, those to retire shall (unless they otherwise agree among themselves) be determined by lot.

In this respect, the Board has accepted the NC's nomination of the following Directors for re-election at the forthcoming AGM:-

- (a) Ms Zhao Xin, who is retiring by rotation pursuant to Regulations 87 and 89 of the Company's Constitution; and
- (b) Mr Chong Eng Wee, who is retiring by rotation pursuant to Regulations 87 and 89 of the Company's Constitution.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Ms Zhao has given her consent for re-election and she will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as the CEO and an Executive Director of the Company. Mr Chong has given his consent for re-election and  he  will,  upon  re-election  as  a  Director  of  the  Company,  remain  as  a  Non-Executive  and  Independent Director, the Chairman of the NC and RC, and a member of the AC. Mr Chong is considered by the Board to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. The NC has recommended to the Board that Ms Zhao and Mr Chong be nominated for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.

In  making  the  above  recommendations,  the  NC  had  considered  the  Directors'  overall  contribution  and performance. Mr Chong has abstained from making any recommendation and/or participating in any deliberation of the NC in respect of the assessment of his own re-election as a Director.

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules, the information relating to the Directors seeking re-appointment (as set out in Appendix 7F to the Catalist Rules) can be found on pages 94 to 99 of this Annual Report.

## Provision 4.4

## Continuous Review of Directors' Independence

Directors disclose their relationships with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, if any, which may affect their independence, to the Board. The NC reviews the independence of each Director annually in accordance with the definition of independence as set out in the Code and Practice Guidance, examines relationships identified by the Code that might impair the Directors' independence and objectivity,  and  takes  into  consideration  whether  an  Independent  Director  falls  under  any  circumstances pursuant to Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules. In respect of the Company's current Independent Directors, namely Mr Yap, Mr Chong, and Dr Toh, the Board is of the view that they are independent, taking into account the circumstances set forth in the Code, Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules and any other salient factors. The Independent Directors have also confirmed their independence in accordance with the Code and Rule 406(3)(d) of the Catalist Rules.

## Provision 4.5

## Duties and obligations of New Directors

The NC ensures that new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations. All newly appointed Directors are given a service agreement and/or a letter of appointment (as the case may be), setting out their duties, obligations and the terms of appointment, and are briefed on the Group's structure, business, operations and policies.

## Directors' Time Commitments

The NC will review whether a Director is able to and has adequately carried out his or her duties as a Director of the Company from time to time, in particular, where a Director has multiple board representations and/or other principal commitments. Although some of the Board members have multiple board representations and hold other principal commitments, the NC, having reviewed each Director's other listed company directorships and/or principal commitments, where applicable, as well as each Director's attendance and contributions to the Board, is satisfied that sufficient time and attention was given by the Directors to the Company to discharge their responsibilities for the financial year in review. The NC also takes into consideration, on a holistic basis, the contributions by the Directors during the meetings and attendance at such meetings.

25

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Listed Company Directorship and Principal Commitments

As at the date of this Report, the members of the Board and their details are set out below:-

| Name of Director  Date of last  re-election/  appointment  Nature of  appointment  Functions/  Board  Committee  served  Academic and  professional  qualifications  Directorships  present in other  listed companies  and other principal  commitments  Dr Zhang Jian  29 April 2022  Executive  Chairman and  Executive Director  •  DBA &amp; EMBA -  West Coast  University Los  Angeles, US  OEL Group of  subsidiaries  Eminence Investment  Pte. Ltd.  Eminence  Partnership  Eminence  Commercial  Consultancy Pte.  Ltd.  Ms Zhao Xin  29 April 2021  Executive  Chief Executive  Officer and  Executive  Director  •  Master of Social  Sciences (China and  Global Governance),  Nanyang  Technological  University  •  Master of Science  with Merit in  Professional  Accountancy,  University of London  •  Bachelor of  Science in Finance  and Accounting  Management,  Northeastern  University in the  United States  •  Program for  Leadership  Development,  Harvard Business  School  OEL Group of  subsidiaries   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Name of Director  Date of last  re-election/  appointment  Nature of  appointment  Functions/  Board  Committee  served  Academic and  professional  qualifications  Directorships  present in other  listed companies  and other principal  commitments  Mr Yap Koon  Loong  29 April 2022  Non-Executive  and Independent  Chairman of  the AC, and a  member of the  NC and RC  •  Master of Business  in Professional  Accounting,  Victoria University  of Technology  Chongqing  Yuhai Precision  Manufacturing  (Singapore) Co. Pte.  Ltd.  FFC Alliance Pte. Ltd.  Ooway Technology  Pte. Ltd.  Asian Unicorn Club  Pte. Ltd.  Asian Accounts  Receivable Pte. Ltd.  OOLIFE Holding Pte.  Ltd.  Cigar Master  International Pte. Ltd.  Mr Chong Eng  Wee (Zhang  Yingwei)  29 April 2021  Non-Executive  and Independent  Chairman of the  NC and RC, and  a member of  the AC  •  Advocate &amp;  Solicitor, Supreme  Court of Singapore  •  Legal Practitioner,  Supreme Court of  New South Wales,  Australia  •  Barrister &amp; Solicitor,  High Court of New  Zealand  •  Solicitor of the  High Court of Hong  Kong  •  Bachelor of Laws,  Victoria University  of Wellington, New  Zealand  Chevalier Law LLC  Heatec Jietong  Holdings Ltd.  GS Holdings Limited  Chevalier CS Pte. Ltd.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Name of Director  Date of last  re-election/  appointment  Nature of  appointment  Functions/  Board  Committee  served  Academic and  professional  qualifications  Directorships  present in other  listed companies  and other principal  commitments  Dr Toh Lim Kai  29 April 2021  Non-Executive  and Independent  Member of the  AC, RC and NC  •  Membership  Royal College of  Surgeons Ireland  •  MB.BCh. BAO  (Honours) from  Royal college of  Surgeon in Ireland  •  Msc  (Pharmaceutical  Medical) from  Hibernia College  (Dublin)  •  Singapore MOH  accredited Family  Physician  T Medical Clinic (City  Gate) Pte. Ltd.  TS Medical Pte Ltd  (Consultant) Esprimo  Pte Ltd  (Consultant) Medlink  Pte Ltd   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Performance

Principle 5: The Board undertakes a formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

## Provisions 5.1 and 5.2

## Performance Criteria

The Board and NC strive to ensure that the Directors on the Board possess the experience, knowledge and skills critical to the Company's business so as to enable the Board to make sound and well-considered strategic decisions.  The  NC  assesses  the  independence  of  each  Director  according  to  the  guidance  given  under  the Code. The NC also reviews the Directors' attendance, preparedness, participation and candour in the meetings.

The  performance  evaluation  was  conducted  for  the  Board  as  a  whole  and  each  of  the  Board  Committees (namely the AC, NC and RC), each individual director and the Chairman in FY2022 for assessing the contribution by individual director and each of the Board Committees' members to the effectiveness of the Board.

The performance criteria were recommended by the NC and approved by the Board. The NC has established objective criteria to evaluate the Board's performance. More relevant and meaningful criteria will also be used when applicable.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board Evaluation Process

The process for evaluation is as follows:

- (a) all  Directors  individually  and  collectively  as  a  whole  complete  performance  evaluation  questionnaires on the effectiveness of the Board, each Board Committee, the individual Directors and the Chairman respectively based on the aforementioned performance criteria;
- (b) the Company Secretary will collate and present the results of the questionnaires to the Chairman of the NC in the form of a report; and
- (c) the NC will deliberate the report and opine on the performance results during the NC meeting.

The foregoing evaluation process and results also provide an opportunity to obtain constructive feedback from each Director and Board Committee member on whether procedures and processes had allowed him or her to discharge his duties effectively. Each Director was also encouraged to propose changes that may be made to enhance the effectiveness of the Board and Board Committees.

No external facilitator has been engaged by the Board for this purpose.

The NC is of the view that the performance of the Board as a whole and the respective Board Committees, each individual Director and the Chairman is satisfactory and had met the respective performance objectives as set out for FY2022.

## II. REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6:

The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his own remuneration.

## Provision 6.1

## Roles and Duties of the Remuneration Committee

The Board has established a RC which is guided by its terms of reference, including but not limited to the key responsibilities as follows:

1. review  and  recommend  a  framework  of  remuneration  for  the  Board  members  and  key  management personnel;
2. review and recommend the specific remuneration package and terms of employment for each Director as well as key management personnel of the Group;
3. recommend  to  the  Board,  the  executives'  and  employees'  share  option  schemes  or  any  long-term incentive schemes which may be set up from time to time and does all acts necessary in connection therewith;

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

4. review the level of remuneration that is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate the Directors and key management personnel; and
5. review  and  recommend  Directors'  fees  and  relevant  remuneration  packages  for  Non-Executive  and Independent Directors, which are subject to shareholders' approval at the AGM.

## Provision 6.2

## Remuneration Committee Composition

As at the date of this Report, the RC comprises the following three (3) members, all of whom, are Non-Executive Directors, and of which two (2) are Independent Directors (including the Chairman):

Mr Chong Eng Wee -

Chairman

Mr Yap Koon Loong -

Member

Dr Toh Lim Kai

-

Member

## Provision 6.3

## Remuneration Packages and Termination Terms

The RC considers all aspects of remuneration, including termination terms and compensation commitments, to ensure they are fair. This would entail, in the event of early termination, the review of the service contract, if any, with a view to be fair and not overly generous.

## Provision 6.4

## Engagement of Remuneration Consultants

The RC has access to professional advice regarding remuneration matters, if required. No remuneration experts have been appointed to advise on remuneration matters for FY2022.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

## Principle 7:

The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and proportionate to the sustained performance and value creation of the company, taking into account the strategic objectives of the company.

## Provisions 7.1 and 7.3

## Remuneration of Executive Directors and Key Management Personnel

The RC makes recommendations on an appropriate framework of remuneration taking into account employment conditions within the industry and the Company's performance to ensure that the remuneration of the Directors is  competitive  and  sufficient  to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  the  Executive  Directors  and  key  management personnel (if any), so as to align their interests with those of shareholders and promote the long-term success of  the  Company. In addition, the Company has in place performance-related remuneration in respect of the Executive Directors and key management personnel (if any), which are determined based on the performance of the ongoing operations and corporate actions of the Company and/or Group and individual performance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The RC has reviewed and is satisfied that for FY2022, the remuneration received by the Executive Directors is commensurate with their contribution, efforts, responsibilities and achievements.

The Company has no other key management personnel other than the Executive Directors in FY2022.

## Provision 7.2

## Remuneration of Non-Executive Directors

In setting the remuneration packages for the Independent and/or Non-Executive Directors, the effort and time spent,  and  responsibilities  of  the  Independent  and/or  Non-Executive  Directors  are  taken  into  account.  No retirement benefit schemes are in place for the Independent and/or Non-Executive Directors. No Director decides his own remuneration. Directors' fees are recommended by the RC and are submitted for endorsement by the Board. Directors' fees to be paid to Independent and/or Non-Executive Directors are subject to the approval of shareholders at the AGM.

## Disclosure on Remuneration

Principle 8:

The company is transparent on its remuneration policies, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## Provision 8.1

## Remuneration Criteria

In setting the remuneration of each individual Director (including the CEO), the contribution, efforts, responsibilities and achievements of each Director is taken into account.

An annual review of the remuneration of each individual Director is carried out by the RC and the Board to ensure that the remuneration of the Directors is commensurate with their performance and level of contribution, and is aligned with the long-term interests of the Company to promote the long-term success of the Company. The performance of the Directors and CEO of the Company is reviewed periodically by the RC and the Board. In structuring the remuneration framework, the RC also takes into account the risk policies of the Group, the need for remuneration symmetric with the risk outcomes and the time horizon of risks relevant to the Company.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Disclosure on Fees and Remuneration of Directors and CEO

A breakdown showing the level and mix of the remuneration payable to each individual Director for FY2022 is as follows:

| Name of  Director  Salary  (1)  Bonus and  other variable  performance  components  Allowances and  other benefits  Directors' fee  Total  (%)  (S$)  (%)  (S$)  (%)  (S$)  (%)  (S$)  (%)  (S$)  Dr Zhang Jian  92.55%  603,446  3.77%  24,610  3.68%  24,000  -  -  100%  652,056  Ms Zhao Xin  96.10%  229,027  3.90%  9,300  -  -  -  -  100%  238,327  Mr Yap Koon  Loong  -  -  -  -  -  -  100%  60,000  100%  60,000  Mr Chong Eng  Wee  -  -  -  -  -  -  100%  60,000  100%  60,000  Dr Toh Lim Kai  -  -  -  -  -  -  100%  60,000  100%  60,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- (1)  The salary and bonus amounts shown are inclusive of Singapore Central Provident Fund contributions.

## Disclosure on the Remuneration of Key Management Personnel

The Company has no other key management personnel other than the Executive Directors in FY2022.

## Provision 8.2

## Disclosure on Remuneration of Immediate Family Member of Substantial Shareholder

Besides Dr Zhang, being the Chairman and an Executive Director of the Company, there were no employees in the Group who are substantial shareholders of the Company, or the immediate family members of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company and whose remuneration exceeds S$100,000 in FY2022.

## Provision 8.3

## Disclosure on employee share schemes

The Company does not have any long-term incentive scheme or share option scheme in place, and the RC and the Board will consider incentive schemes for the Group in the future.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## III. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

- Principle 9: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the

interests of the company and its shareholders.

## Provision 9.1

## Nature and Extent of Risks

The Board recognises the importance of maintaining a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders' interests and the assets of the Group and determines the nature and extent of the significant risks which the Board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives.

The Board acknowledges that no cost-effective risk management and internal control system will preclude all errors and irregularities. Any system of internal controls is designed to mitigate rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material  misstatement  or  loss,  the  occurrence  of  errors,  poor  judgement  in  decision  making,  fraud  or  other irregularities.  The  Board  reviews  all  significant  control  policies  and  procedures  and  highlights  all  significant matters to Management. If appropriate, the Board will consider setting up a board risk committee to address the foregoing.

The Board of Directors and the AC have reviewed the adequacy of the Group's internal controls addressing its financial, operational, compliance and information technology risk, relying on reports from external auditors and internal auditors. Any significant internal control weaknesses and non-compliance that are highlighted during the audit, together with recommendations by the external auditors and internal auditors, are reported to the AC. The AC will follow up and review the actions taken by Management to address the weaknesses highlighted based on the recommendations made by the external auditors and internal auditors.

As recommended by the AC, the Board appointed Tricor Axcelasia (SG) Pte Ltd as the internal auditors ('IA') of the Company. The internal audit plan taking into consideration the risks identified was reviewed and approved by the AC. During the year, an internal audit was conducted, covering the areas of interested person transaction, financial management, information technology general control and personal data protection The AC evaluated the report presented by the IA to assess the adequacy and the effectiveness of the Group's risk management and the internal control systems. Any material non-compliance or gaps in internal controls were reported to the AC along with recommendations for improvement. The relevant departments were provided with a copy of the IA's report for further action and the implementation of the action plans are closely monitored to ensure timely and appropriate action.

## Provision 9.2

## Assurance from the Chief Executive Officer, Financial Controller and Management Personnel

For FY2022, the AC had received written assurances from:

- (a) the CEO and Finance Manager that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Company's operations and finances; and
- (b) the CEO and relevant management personnel that the Company's risk management and internal control systems were adequate and effective.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Based  on  the  internal  controls  framework  established,  reviews  carried  out  by  Management  and  the  Board Committees, work performed by the internal auditors and external auditors, and the assurance from Management, the Board, opines, with the concurrence of the AC, that the Company's internal controls (including financial, operational, compliance, information technology) and risk management systems were adequate and effective for FY2022.

Management will continue to review and strengthen the Group's control environment and devote resources and expertise towards improving its internal policies and procedures to maintain a high level of governance and internal controls.

## Audit Committee

## Principle 10: The Board has an Audit Committee which discharges its duties objectively.

## Provision 10.1

## Roles and Duties of the Audit Committee

The Board has established an AC, which carries out its duties in accordance with the written terms of reference of the AC, including but not limited to the key responsibilities as follows:

1. review the significant financial reporting issues and judgements so as to ensure the integrity of the financial statements of the Company and any announcements relating to the Company's financial performance;
2. review with the internal auditors, their audit plan and reports, the adequacy of the internal audit procedures and their evaluation of the adequacy and effectiveness of the overall internal control systems, including financial, operational, compliance and informational technology controls and risk management systems;
3. review and report to the Board at least annually on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's internal controls, which addresses the Group's financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks and risk management systems, and any other matters requiring the Board's attention;
4. evaluate the Group's system of internal controls with the internal auditors and assess the effectiveness and adequacy of internal accounting and financial control procedures;
5. review the Company's policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting  or  other  matters  to  be  safely  raised,  independently  investigated,  and  appropriately  followed up on, and ensure that the Company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistleblowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns;
6. conduct annual reviews of the cost-effectiveness of the audit, the independence and objectivity of the external auditors, including the volume of non-audit services provided by the external auditors, to satisfy itself that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity of the external auditors before recommending their re-appointment to the Board;
7. review  the  adequacy,  effectiveness,  independence,  scope  and  results  of  the  external  audit  and  the company's internal audit function;
8. make recommendations to the Board on (a) proposals to shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment, resignation and removal of the external auditors, and (b) the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

9. receive and review the assurance from the CEO and Financial Controller on the financial records and financial statements;
10. review interested person transactions and to report its findings to the Board; and
11. review the half-year and full-year financial statements of the Company and the Group prior to submission to  the  Board  for  approval  and  the  dissemination  of  the  results  announcements  to  shareholders  and SGX-ST, including  advising  the  Board  if  changes  are  needed  to  improve  the  quality  of  future  interim financial statements or financial updates.

The AC met with the internal auditors and external auditors without the presence of Management in respect of FY2022 audit to review matters that may be raised privately further, to undertake an annual review of the independence of the external auditors.

In addition to the material uncertainty related to going concern, the key audit matters on impairment assessment of goodwill, impairment assessment of the Company's investment in subsidiary, recoverability assessment of the Company's amount due from subsidiaries and impairment assessment of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets were presented by the external auditors in the course of the review of the financial statements for FY2022. For more information on the material uncertainty on going concern and key audit matters, please refer to pages 46 to 49 of this Annual Report.

During  FY2022,  the  AC  reviewed  the  half-year  and  full-year  financial  statements  prior  to  submission  to  the Board for approval, the annual audit plan of the external auditor and the internal auditors and the results of the audit performed by them, interested person transactions, effectiveness and adequacy of the Company's risk management and internal controls systems, audit and non-audit services rendered by the external auditors and the re-appointment of external auditors and their remuneration.

The AC members had been briefed by the external auditors, PKF-CAP LLP, on any changes to accounting standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements as part of their audit.

## Provisions 10.2 and 10.3

## Audit Committee Composition

As  at  the  date  of  this  Report,  the  AC  comprises  the  following  three  (3)  members,  all  of  whom (including the AC Chairman) are Non-Executive and Independent Directors:

| Mr Yap Koon Loong -  Chairman  Mr Chong Eng Wee -  Member  Dr Toh Lim Kai - Member   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None of the AC members were former partners or directors of the Company's external auditing firm or auditing corporation: (a) within a period of two years commencing on the date of their ceasing to be a partner of the auditing firm or director of the auditing corporation, and in any case (b) for as long as they have any financial interest in the auditing firm or auditing corporation.

The Board is of the view that the AC members are appropriately qualified to discharge their responsibilities, taking into consideration that at least two (2) of the AC members, including the AC Chairman, have many years of experience in accounting and relevant financial management expertise and experience.

The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance and the offering of a high standard of accountability to the shareholders of the Company. The AC is authorised by the Board to investigate all matters within its terms of reference. The AC has full access to, and the co-operation of Management, as well as full discretion  to  invite  any  Director  to  attend  its  meetings,  and  is  provided  with  reasonable  resources  for  it  to discharge its functions properly.

<!-- image -->

36

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Provision 10.4

## Internal Audit Function

The primary  reporting  line  of  the  internal  auditors  is  to  the  AC.  The  AC  is  responsible  for  the  appointment, removal, evaluation and compensation of the accounting or auditing firm or corporation that the internal audit function of the Company is outsourced to.

The  Group's  internal  audit  function  is  outsourced  to  an  independent  internal  audit  service  provider,  Tricor Axcelasia (SG) Pte. Ltd., who reports directly to the AC Chairman on audit matters. The AC reviews and approves the  annual  internal  audit  plans  and  resources  to  ensure  that  the  internal  auditor  has  adequate  resources  to perform its function. The AC approves the hiring, removal and evaluation of the internal auditors. Internal audit reports are also given to the external auditors to ensure effective use of resources and to avoid duplication of efforts.

The internal auditors have unfettered access to all the Group's documents, records, properties and personnel, including  access  to  AC,  and  has  appropriate  standing  within  the  Company,  to  effectively  discharge  its responsibilities.

The  internal  auditors  had,  during  the  course  of  their  audit,  performed  tests  over  operating  effectiveness  of certain controls and made some observations on internal controls and proposed recommendations to assist Management in enhancing existing controls, reducing risks and improving operational efficiency and effectiveness in the areas reviewed. Action plans to address these observations and findings have been put in place.

The AC assesses the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function annually. The AC is satisfied that the internal audit function is independent, effective, adequately qualified (given, inter alia, its adherence to standards set by internationally recognised professional bodies) and adequately resourced.

## External Audit Function

The  Company  had  engaged  PKF-CAP  LLP,  an  audit  firm  registered  with  the  Accounting  and  Corporate Regulatory  Authority  (' ACRA '),  as  the  external  auditors  of  the  Company  and  its  significant  subsidiaries  for consolidation purposes. Accordingly, the Group has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the Catalist Rules in relation to the appointment of its external auditor.

The AC noted that other than the Agreed-Upon Procedures ('AUP') engagement to verify the childcare subsidy claims by one of the subsidiaries, there are no other non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Group and is satisfied with the independence of PKF-CAP LLP as the external auditors of the Company.

The AC has reviewed the independence and objectivity of PKF-CAP LLP in FY2022 and is satisfied that PKF-CAP LLP has demonstrated appropriate qualifications and expertise and is also independent of the Company. The AC is also satisfied with the adequacy of the scope and quality of the external audits being conducted by PKF-CAP LLP. The AC recommended the re-appointment of PKF-CAP LLP as the external auditors for the ensuing financial year, taking into consideration the Audit Quality Indicators Disclosure Framework published by the ACRA. The Board accepted this recommendation and has proposed a resolution to shareholders for the re-appointment of PKF-CAP LLP as the external auditors of the Company at the forthcoming AGM.

Provision 10.5

## Meeting Auditors without the Management

The AC has separately met with the external and internal auditors once in the absence of Management for FY2022 to discuss and evaluate the internal controls of the Group and review the overall scope of both external and internal audits at least once in FY2022 through video conference or other means of telecommunication, in line with government advisories amidst the COVID-19 pandemic.

## Whistle-Blowing Policy

The Company is committed to a high standard of ethical conduct and adopts a zero-tolerance approach to fraud. The Company undertakes to investigate complaints of suspected fraud objectively and has put in place a whistle-blowing policy which provides employees and any other person with well-defined and accessible channels, including direct access to the Chairman of the AC, to raise concerns about possible irregularities in matters of financial reporting or other matters in confidence (the ' Whistle-Blowing Policy '). The Whistle-Blowing Policy defines the processes clearly to ensure independent investigation of such matters and permits whistle-blowers to report matters relating to the foregoing directly by email to whistleblower@ohldg.com., which is only accessible by the Chairman of AC to ensure the identity of the whistle-blowers is kept confidential.

The Whistle-Blowing Policy is intended to encourage the reporting of such matters in good faith, with confidence that  employees  and  any  other  person  making  such  reports  will  be  treated  fairly  and,  as  far  as  possible,  be protected from possible reprisal. The AC oversees the function and handling of matters being reported through the whistle-blowing system, evaluating the seriousness and credibility of the matter and confirming the allegation from the source and ensuring independent investigation and any follow-up actions are carried out. The AC will follow the processes defined in the Whistle-Blowing Policy to ensure proper conduct of the investigation and follow up following the completion of the investigation including disciplinary actions and remediation of control weaknesses.

There was no whistle-blowing reports or complaints received through the Group's whistle-blowing channel as of the date of this report.

## IV. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

- Principle 11:

The company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably in order to enable them to exercise shareholders' rights and have the opportunity to communicate their views on matters affecting the company. The company gives shareholders a balanced and understandable assessment of its performance, position and prospects.

## Provision 11.1

## Shareholders' Participation in General Meetings

The Group treats all shareholders fairly and equitably, and recognises, protects, and facilitates the exercise of shareholders' rights. The Company ensures that all material information is disclosed to shareholders on a timely basis via SGXNet. Results and annual reports are announced or issued within the mandatory periods.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

38

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

At each general meeting of the Company, shareholders are given the opportunity to participate effectively and raise their concerns with the Directors and Management on matters pertaining to the Group and its operations. Any notice of a general meeting to shareholders is announced on SGXNet and published on the Company's corporate website (https://www.ohldg.com) at least 14 days (or 21 days if there is any special resolutions) before the scheduled date of the meeting.

All Directors, the Chairman of the Board, the respective Chairman of the AC, NC and RC, the Management and the external auditors are present at the general meetings to address any queries or concerns from shareholders on matters relating  to  the  Group  and  its  operations.  During  FY2022,  in  light  of  the  COVID-19  situation,  the Company had invited Shareholders to submit their questions in advance in relation to any resolutions set out in  the  notice  of  meeting  for  the  AGM  held  on  29  April  2022.  The  Company  had  received  certain  questions from shareholders in advance of the AGM and had provided its response to these questions in the Company's announcement dated 29 April 2022.

Save for the AGM held on 29 April 2022, there were no other general meetings of the Company held during FY2022.

## Conduct of General Meetings

Shareholders  are  informed  of  the  rules,  including  the  voting  procedures  that  govern  the  general  meetings during the general meetings. The Company conducts voting of all resolutions tabled at a general meeting of the Company by poll. The detailed voting results, including the total number of votes cast for or against each resolution tabled, are announced immediately at the meeting and via SGXNet on the same day of the general meeting.

If the shareholders are unable to attend in person or in the case of a corporate shareholder, through its appointed representative, the Company's Constitution allows all shareholders to appoint proxy(ies) to attend and vote at general meetings of the Company on their behalf. A shareholder who is not a relevant intermediary (as defined in Section 181(6) of the Companies Act) is entitled to appoint not more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote at the general meetings through proxy forms deposited 48 hours before the meeting. Indirect investors who hold the Company's shares through a nominee company or custodian bank or through a CPF agent bank may also attend and vote at the general meeting.

The  Company's  AGM  in  FY2022  was  conducted  through  live  webcast  in  light  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic, pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 and guidance from ACRA, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, and/or SGX RegCo on the conduct of general meetings.

The  Company's  forthcoming  AGM  will  be  held  by  way  of  physical  means  at  8  Commonwealth  Lane, #02-04  Grande  Building,  Singapore  149555  on  27  April  2023  at  10:00  am.  The  Notice  of  AGM  and accompanying proxy form is announced on the SGX website and published on the Company's corporate website (https://www.ohldg.com). The AGM will allow for submission of questions by shareholders in advance of or at the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions prior to or at the AGM and voting by shareholders or their duly-appointed proxies at the AGM.

## Provision 11.2

## Conduct of Resolutions and Voting

Every matter requiring shareholders' approval is proposed as a separate resolution. The Company does not bundle any resolution(s) to be tabled for shareholders' approval. Each item of special business included in the notice  of  meeting  is  accompanied  by  an  explanation  for  the  proposed  resolution  where  appropriate.  As  the authentication of shareholder identification information and other related security issues remain a concern, the Company has decided, for the time being, not to implement voting in absentia by mail, facsimile or email.

## Provision 11.3

## Attendance of directors and external auditors

All Directors, the Chairman of the Board and the respective Chairman of the AC, NC and RC, the Management and  the  external  auditors  are  present  at  the  general  meetings  to  address  any  queries  or  concerns  from shareholders on matters relating to the Group and its operations. In FY2022, all Directors had attended the AGM held on 29 April 2022.

## Provision 11.4

## Absentia Voting

As authentication of shareholder identity information and other related security issues remain a concern, the Company has decided,  for  the  time  being,  not  to  implement  voting  in  absentia  by  mail,  facsimile  or  email. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, Shareholders were invited to exercise their voting rights during the AGM in FY2022 through the submission of proxy forms nominating the Chairman of the AGM to vote on their behalf.

## Provision 11.5

## Minutes of General Meetings

The  Company  prepares  minutes  of  general  meetings  which  includes  key  comments  and  queries  from shareholders  relating  to  the  agenda  of  the  meeting,  and  responses  from  the  Board  and  Management.  The Company's minutes of the forthcoming AGM will be published to the SGXNet and the Company's website within a month after the AGM.

In respect of the previous AGM held on 29 April 2022, the Company published the minutes of the AGM on the SGXNet within one month from the date of the AGM.

## Provision 11.6

## Dividend Policy

The Company does not have a fixed dividend policy as at the date of this Report. Nonetheless, Management will review the Group's performance and make appropriate recommendations to the Board on dividend declaration. The  form,  frequency,  and/or  amount  of  dividends  will  depend  on  the  Company's  cash,  earnings,  gearings, financial performance and position, project capital expenditure, future investment plans, funding requirements and any other factors that the Directors consider relevant. The Company will communicate any dividend payout to  shareholders via announcements released to the SGX-ST via SGXNet. The Company did not declare any dividends in respect of FY2022 as it was in a loss-making position.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

40

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Engagement with Shareholders

- Principle 12: The  company  communicates  regularly  with  its  shareholders  and  facilitates  the participation of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow

shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

## Provisions 12.1, 12.2 and 12.3

## Investor Relations Practices

While the Company does not have an Investor Relations Policy in place, the Board is of the view that the current communication  channels  between  the  Company  and  shareholders  are  sufficient  and  cost-effective  and  the Board's policy is that all Shareholders should be informed simultaneously in an accurate and comprehensive manner regarding all material developments that impact the Group via SGXNet on an immediate basis, in line with the Group's disclosure obligations pursuant to the Catalist Rules and the Companies Act.

## Disclosure of Information

Information is communicated to shareholders and public investors through the following channels:

- (a) details of all general meetings via SGXNet, including notices of general meetings published and circulars/ reports;
- (b) Annual Reports that are issued to all  shareholders.  The  Board  makes  every  effort  to  ensure  that  the Annual Report includes all relevant information on the Group, including current developments, strategic plans and disclosures required under the Companies Act, the Singapore Financial Reporting Standards, and other applicable rules and regulations; and
- (c) announcements of half-yearly and full-year results released via SGXNet; announcements relating to major developments of the Group made via SGXNet; press and analysts' briefings as may be appropriate.

## Mechanism through which Shareholders may contact the Company with questions

In  addition  to  the  above,  the  Company's  corporate  website  (https://www.ohldg.com)  has  a  dedicated 'Investor Relations' link where the contact details of the investor relations team are available therein, to enable shareholders to contact the Company with ease. The Company's investor relations team has procedures in place to address investors' queries or complaints as soon as possible.

Given the foregoing, the Board is of the view that notwithstanding that the Company does not have an Investor Relations Policy in place, given the steps undertaken by the Company in respect of the timely disclosure of information to shareholders and the processes in place to address shareholders' queries or complaints, the Company's practices in FY2022 in respect of shareholder engagement are in line with the intent of Principle 12 of the Code.

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## V. MANAGING RELATIONSHIPS WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

Principle 13:

The Board adopts an inclusive approach by considering and balancing the needs and interests of material stakeholders, as part of its overall responsibility to ensure that the best interests of the company are served.

Provisions 13.1 and 13.2

## Stakeholders' Engagement

The  Company  has  its  materiality  assessment  process  to  identify  key  stakeholders  that  may  have  a  direct or  indirect  impact  to  the  company's  business  and  operations.  The  Company's  engagement  with  the  key stakeholders, including engagement methods and key issues, will be disclosed in the Company's Sustainability Report 2022, which will be released on SGXNet no later than 30 April 2023.

Stakeholders can know more about the Group's business and governance practices through the Company's corporate website (https://www.ohldg.com) and to communicate with the Company through its Investor Relations team with their contact details mentioned on the corporate website.

Provision 13.3

## Corporate Website

The Company aims to provide clear and continuous disclosures of its corporate governance practices through the efficient use of technology.

The  latest  Annual  Report,  financial  results  and  Company  announcements  are  posted  on  the  Company's corporate website (https://www.ohldg.com) following their release to the market through SGXNet, to ensure fair dissemination to shareholders.

## VI. INTERESTED PERSON TRANSACTIONS

The Company has established internal control policies to ensure that transactions with interested persons are properly reviewed and approved and are conducted at arms' length basis. All interested person transactions are subject to review by the AC.

The  Company  has  not  obtained  a  general  mandate  from  its  Shareholders  in  respect  of  interested  person transactions for FY2022.

There were no interested person transactions entered into during FY2022 which exceeded S$100,000.

## VII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS

Save as disclosed above in the section entitled 'Interested Person Transactions', the service agreement between the Company and the Executive Director and CEO, and the Directors' Statement and Financial Statements, there were no material contracts (including loans) entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries involving the interests of any Director or controlling Shareholder which are either still subsisting as at the end of FY2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.

42

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## VIII. DEALINGS IN SECURITIES

The  Company has complied with Rule 1204(19) of the  Catalist  Rules  of  the  SGX-ST  in  relation  to  the  best practices on dealings in the securities.

The Group has adopted a Code of Best Practice Guides for Dealings in Securities (the ' Securities Code ') which sets out the policy on dealings in securities of the Company and the implications of insider trading. In line with the Securities Code, Directors, key management personnel (if any) and employees of the Group who have access to unpublished price-sensitive and confidential information are informed not to deal in the securities of the Company for the period commencing at least one month before the release of the Company's half-year and full-year financial results to the SGX-ST and ending on the date of announcement of the relevant results, or when they are in possession of any unpublished material price-sensitive information.

Directors,  key  management  personnel  and  employees  are  also  discouraged  from  dealing  in  the  Company's securities on short-term considerations.

In addition, the Directors and Management are expected to observe the insider trading laws at all times, even when dealing in securities within the permitted trading period.

## IX. SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

The  Company  will  publish  its  sustainability  report  by  30  April  2023  and  intends  to  make  it  accessible to  shareholders  on  SGXNET.  The  report  will  emphasize  the  significant  economic,  environmental,  social, and  governance  (' ESG ')  factors,  highlighting  the  company's  commitment  to  sustainability.  The  Company acknowledges  the  significant  risks  that  climate  change  poses  to  the  operations,  the  industry,  and  the communities  the  Company  serves.  To  address  these  risks,  the  Company  is  committed  to  identifying  and evaluating climate-related risks as well as implementing measures to manage and mitigate them effectively. The Company understands that transparency is essential and is currently working to align the disclosure with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (' TCFD ').  As such, information on climate-related risks and opportunities will be included in our future Sustainability Reports.

## X. CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

The Directors, officers and employees are required to observe and maintain high standards of integrity, and are in compliance with the law, regulations, and the Company's policies.

## XI. NON-SPONSORSHIP FEES

With reference to Rule 1204(21) of the Catalist Rules, there were no non-sponsorship fees payable or paid to the Company's Sponsor, Evolve Capital Advisory Private Limited in FY2022.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 202

2

The directors present their statement to the members together with the audited consolidated financial statements of OEL (Holdings) Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group ') and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

## OPINION OF THE DIRECTORS

In the opinion of the directors,

- (i) the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group and the changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date; and
- (ii) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

## DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

Zhang Jian Zhao Xin Yap Koon Loong Chong Eng Wee

Toh Lim Kai

## ARRANGEMENTS TO ENABLE DIRECTORS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose object is to enable the directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN SHARES AND DEBENTURES

The directors holding office at the end of the financial year and their interests in the shares of the Company and related corporations as recorded in the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company in accordance with Section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 were as follows:

Name of director and entity in which interests are held

Ordinary shares of the Company Zhang Jian Zhao Xin

Shareholdings registered in the names of directors At beginning of year At end of year

138,331,000 13,773,000

138,331,000 13,773,000

<!-- image -->

44

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 202

2

There was no change in any of the above-mentioned interests in the Company between the end of the financial year and 20 January 2023.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares, share options, warrants or debentures of the Company, or related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year or at the end of the financial year.

## SHARE OPTIONS

No options to take up unissued shares of the Company or of its subsidiaries were granted during the financial year.

There were no shares issued during the financial year by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries, whether granted before or during the financial year.

There were no unissued shares of the Company or its subsidiaries under option at the end of the financial year.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee ('AC') of the Company is chaired by Mr Yap Koon Loong and includes Mr Chong Eng Wee and Dr Toh Lim Kai at the date of this statement. The AC carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Singapore Companies Act 1967, the SGX Listing Manual and Code of Corporate Governance, which include inter alia the following:

- Reviewed  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  so  as  to  ensure  the  integrity  of  the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company;
- Reviewed the half yearly and annual financial results announcement and the independent auditor's report on the year end consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company before their submission to the Board of Directors for approval;
- Reviewed the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's and Company's internal controls and risk management systems;
- Reviewed the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the external audit and the internal audit function, including the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditor;
- Met with the internal and external auditors of the Group and Company to review their audit plan and discuss the results of their respective examinations and their evaluation of the Group's and Company's system of internal accounting controls without the presence of the Group's and Company's Management;
- Considered and recommended to the Board of Directors on re-appointment of the external and internal auditors, and approved the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external and internal auditors;
- Reviewed the external and internal auditors' reports;
- Reviewed  the  co-operation  given  by  the  Group's  and  Company's  management  to  the  external  and  internal auditors;

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

For the financial year ended 31 December 202

2

- Reviewed and approved interested persons transactions falling within the scope of Chapter 9 of the Catalist Rules;
- Reviewed and established procedures for receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received regarding, inter alia, criminal offences involving the Group or its employees, questionable accounting, auditing, business, safety or other matters that impact negatively on the Group.

The AC noted that other than the Agreed-Upon Procedures ('AUP') engagement to verify the childcare subsidy claims by one of the subsidiaries, there are no other non-audit services provided by the external auditor to the Group and is satisfied with the independence of the external auditor. The AC has also conducted a review of interested person transactions.

The AC convened two meetings during the year with full attendance from all members. The AC has also met with internal and external auditors, without the presence of the Company's management, at least once a year.

Further details regarding the AC are disclosed in the Report on Corporate Governance.

The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board the nomination of PKF-CAP LLP for re-appointment as external auditor of the Company at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.

## AUDITOR

PKF-CAP LLP has expressed its willingness to accept re-appointment as auditor.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

Zhao Xin Director

Yap Koon Loong Director

Singapore 12 April 2023

<!-- image -->

46

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the members of OEL (Holdings) Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  financial  statements  of  OEL  (Holdings)  Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the reporting year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 52 to 92.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and the changes in equity of the Company for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing ('SSAs'). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern

We draw attention to Note 2.1 in the financial statements, which indicates that for the financial year ended 31 December 2022,  the  Group  reported  a  loss  after  tax  of  S$4,241,000  (2021:  S$1,733,000)  and  incurred  net  operating  cash outflows of S$3,203,000 (2021: S$5,544,000). In addition, as at 31 December 2022, the Group and the Company have low cash and bank balances of S$170,000 (2021: S$3,667,000) and S$40,000 (2021: S$3,628,000) respectively. As stated in Note 2.1, these events or conditions, along with other matters as set forth in Note 2.1, indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group and of the Company to continue as going concerns. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial  statements  of  the  current  year.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

In addition to the matter described in the Material Uncertainty Related to Going Concern section, we have determined that the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters (Continued)

## Impairment Assessment of Goodwill

(Refer to Notes 2.4(c), 3.2(i) and 14 to the financial statements)

The  Group's  goodwill  amounted  to  S$267,000  (2021:  S$267,000)  which  accounted  for  8.7%  (2021:  3.5%)  of  the Group's total assets as at 31 December 2022.

The  impairment  assessment  of  goodwill  is  considered  a  key  audit  matter  as  it  requires  management  to  exercise significant judgement on the assessment of various key assumptions that are affected by future market and economic conditions.  As  disclosed  in  Note  14,  the  Group's  goodwill  is  allocated  to  one  Cash  Generating  Unit  ('CGU')  for impairment assessment. Management has performed an impairment review and has recognised a goodwill impairment loss of S$267,000 (S$Nil).

Management made key assumptions in respect of future market and economic conditions such as revenue growth rates, earnings before interest and tax ('EBIT') margins, discount rates and long-term economic growth rates when performing the assessment.

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- Reviewed the discounted future cash flows used to assess the value in use of the CGU to which the goodwill is allocated for impairment testing, including reperforming the calculations to verify the accuracy.
- Assessed that the discounted future cash flows are based on the budgets approved by the Board of Directors.
- Assessed  the  appropriateness  of  the  key  assumptions  used  such  as  revenue  growth  rates,  EBIT  margins, discount rates and long-term economic growth rates when performing the assessment together with our internal valuation specialists.
- Assessed and tested the key assumptions which the outcome of the impairment is most sensitive to.
- Assessed the adequacy of disclosures made in the financial statements.

## Impairment Assessment of the Company's Investment in Subsidiary

(Refer to Notes 2.14, 3.2(ii) and 12 to the financial statements)

The Company's carrying amount of investment in subsidiaries amounted to S$1,150,000 (2021: S$1,150,000) which accounted for 61.1% (2021: 15.5%) of the Company's total assets as at 31 December 2022.

Where there is an indication of impairment, management is required to assess the recoverable amount of its investment in subsidiaries which is the higher of the fair value less costs of disposal and value in use of the subsidiaries assessed as a CGU.

As disclosed in Note 12 to the financial statements, management has performed an impairment test on an investment in subsidiary with indication of impairment. Management estimated the recoverable amount of the investment in subsidiary by assessing the fair value less costs of disposal. As the fair value less costs of disposal exceed the carrying amount, the investment in subsidiary is assessed to be not impaired and it is not necessary to estimate the value in use.

The impairment assessment of investment in subsidiary is considered a key audit matter as it requires management to exercise judgement on the assessment of various key assumptions to estimate the recoverable amount of the investment in  subsidiary  that  are  affected  by  future  market  and  economic  conditions.  Management  made  key  assumptions  in respect of future market and economic conditions such as the forecasted maintainable revenue and market enterprise value to revenue multiples of publicly traded comparable companies.

To the members of OEL (Holdings) Limited

47

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the members of OEL (Holdings) Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters (Continued)

Impairment Assessment of the Company's Investment in Subsidiary (Continued)

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- Performed evaluation of the Company's policies and procedures to identify indicators for potential impairment of the Company's investment in subsidiary.
- Reviewed the impairment model used to assess the fair value less  costs  of  disposal  of  the  CGU,  including reperforming the calculations to verify the accuracy.
- Assessed  the  appropriateness  of  the  key  assumptions  used  such  as  forecasted  maintainable  revenue  and market enterprise value to revenue multiples of publicly traded comparable companies together with our internal valuation specialists.
- Assessed and tested the key assumptions which the outcome of the impairment is most sensitive to.
- Assessed the adequacy of disclosures made in the financial statements.

## Recoverability Assessment of the Company's Amount Due From Subsidiaries

(Refer to Notes 2.17, 3.2(v) and 16 to the financial statements)

The Company's gross amount due from subsidiaries totalled S$2,897,000 (2021: S$1,401,000) which accounted for 154.0% (2021: 18.9%) of the Company's total assets as at 31 December 2022.

Management has performed an impairment review based on the expected credit loss ('ECL') model and based on the review, ECL allowance of S$2,841,000 (2021: S$Nil) was provided for by management.

The estimated credit loss allowance is based on the historical and forward-looking trends of the receivables from the subsidiaries, which includes analysis of the age of these receivables and the financial ability of the subsidiaries to repay the amounts.

We identified this as a key audit matter as the assessment of the determination of ECL requires management to exercise significant judgement and estimation. In determining the credit quality and whether any significant increase in credit risk occurs, requiring both forward-looking and historical information to be considered.

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- Obtained understanding of the Company's processes in assessing ECL for the amount due from subsidiaries.
- Discussed with management on the basis adopted by management in assessing the recoverability of the amount due from subsidiaries.
- Reviewed whether there are subsequent receipts for the settlement of the amount due from subsidiaries after the financial year end.
- Assessed the adequacy of disclosures made in the financial statements.

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Key Audit Matters (Continued)

Impairment Assessment of Plant and Equipment, Including Right-of-Use Assets (Refer to Notes 2.15, 3.2(iv), 11 and 20(a) to the financial statements)

The Group's and Company's carrying amount of plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets totalled S$1,558,000 (2021: S$2,235,000) and S$237,000 (2021: S$619,000) respectively which accounted for 51.0% (2021: 29.6%) and 12.6% (2021: 8.4%) of the Group's and Company's total assets respectively as at 31 December 2022.

An impairment review is performed when there are indications of impairment. Management had carried out impairment assessment to determine whether the recoverable amount of the plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets are less than the respective carrying amounts. The fair value less costs of disposal and value in use calculations of the CGU of the plant and equipment, including right-of use assets requires management to estimate the future cash flows that the Group and Company expect to derive from the assets from the disposal of the assets and through continuing use.

We identified this as a key audit matter as the estimation of the recoverable amount involved significant judgement and estimation. In estimating the fair value less costs of disposal, management made key assumptions in respect of future market and economic conditions such as the forecasted maintainable revenue and market enterprise value to revenue multiples of publicly traded comparable companies. In estimating the future cash flows in the value in use calculations, management made key assumptions in respect of future market and economic conditions such as revenue growth rates, earnings before interest and tax ('EBIT') margins, discount rates and long-term economic growth rates when performing the assessment.

Our audit procedures included, among others:

- Performed evaluation of the Group's policies and procedures to identify indicators for potential impairment of the plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets.
- Reviewed the impairment model used to assess the value in use of the CGU to which the plant and equipment, including right-of-use assets is allocated for impairment testing, including reperforming the calculations to verify the accuracy.
- Assessed that the discounted future cash flows are based on the budgets approved by the Board of Directors.
- Assessed  the  appropriateness  of  the  key  assumptions  used  such  as  forecasted  maintainable  revenue, market enterprise value to revenue multiples of publicly traded comparable companies, revenue growth rates, EBIT margins, discount rates and long-term economic growth rates when performing the assessment together with our internal valuation specialists.
- Assessed and tested the key assumptions which the outcome of the impairment is most sensitive to.
- Assessed the adequacy of disclosures made in the financial statements.

## Other Information

Management is responsible  for  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the  information  included  in  the Annual Report 2022, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion  on  the  financial  statements  does  not  cover  the  other  information  and  we  do  not  express  any  form  of assurance or conclusion thereon.

To the members of OEL (Holdings) Limited

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the members of OEL (Holdings) Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Other Information (Continued)

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I), and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our  opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

## INDEPENDT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the members of OEL (Holdings) Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Continued)

- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant  doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Sia Boon Tiong.

## PKF-CAP LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 12 April 2023

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMNT OF COMPREHNSIVE INCOME

For the financial year ended 31 December 202 2

| The Group  2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  Revenue  4  779  319  Cost of sales  (295)  (48)  Gross profit  484  271  Other operating income  5  155  2,476  Selling and distribution expenses  (990)  (1,266)  Administrative expenses  (3,783)  (3,105)  Other operating expenses  (320)  (38)  Finance costs  6  (70)  (75)  Loss before tax  8  (4,524)  (1,737)  Income tax credit  9  283  4  Loss after tax for the year  (4,241)  (1,733)  Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax:  Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss, net of tax:  Exchange differences on translation of a foreign operation, net of tax  (4)  4  Other comprehensive (loss)/income, net of tax  (4)  4  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (4,245)  (1,729)  Loss attributable to:  Equity holders of the Company  (4,241)  (1,696)  Non-controlling interest  -  (37)  (4,241)  (1,733)  Total comprehensive loss attributable to:  Equity holders of the Company  (4,245)  (1,692)  Non-controlling interest  -  (37)  (4,245)  (1,729)  Loss per share attributable to equity holders of the Company  (cents per share)  Basic and diluted  10  (0.45)  (0.18)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMNTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Plant and equipment  11  475  716  79  233  Right-of-use assets  20  1,083  1,519  158  386  Investment in subsidiaries  12  -  -  1,150  1,150  Intangible asset  13  19  37  -  -  Goodwill on consolidation  14  -  267  -  -  Other non-current asset  9  10  -  -  Other receivables  16  53  -  -  -  1,639  2,549  1,387  1,769  CURRENT ASSETS  Inventories  15  536  317  24  25  Trade and other receivables  16  712  1,007  430  1,979  Cash and bank balances  17  170  3,667  40  3,628  1,418  4,991  494  5,632  Total assets  3,057  7,540  1,881  7,401  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities  20  281  439  34  213  Trade and other payables  18  499  305  410  207  Provision for other liabilities  60  4  55  -  Income tax payable  -  1  -  -  840  749  499  420  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Provision for reinstatement costs  56  31  -  -  Loan and borrowing  22  207  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  20  825  1,103  140  190  Deferred tax liabilities  19  3  286  -  280  1,091  1,420  140  470  Total liabilities  1,931  2,169  639  890  Net assets  1,126  5,371  1,242  6,511  EQUITY  Share capital  21  42,745  42,745  42,745  42,745  Accumulated losses  (41,552)  (37,311)  (41,503)  (36,234)  Foreign currency translation reserve  3  7  -  -  Attributable to equity holders of the  Company  1,196  5,441  1,242  6,511  Non-controlling interest  (70)  (70)  -  -  Total equity  1,126  5,371  1,242  6,511   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

53

<!-- image -->

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the financial year ended 31 December 202 2

| Attributable to equity holders of the Company  The Group  Share  capital  Accumulated  losses  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Revaluation  reserve  Total  Non-  controlling  interest  Total equity  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Balance as at 1 January 2021  42,745  (43,494)  3  7,879  7,133  (33)  7,100  Loss for the year  -  (1,696)  -  -  (1,696)  (37)  (1,733)  Realisation of revaluation reserve  of leasehold building sold  during the year  -  7,879  -  (7,879)  -  -  -  Other comprehensive income  for the year  Exchange differences on  translation of a foreign  operation, net of tax  -  -  4  -  4  -  4  Total comprehensive income/  (loss) for the year  -  6,183  4  (7,879)  (1,692)  (37)  (1,729)  Balance as at 31 December 2021  42,745  (37,311)  7  -  5,441  (70)  5,371  Loss for the year  -  (4,241)  -  -  (4,241)  -  (4,241)  Other comprehensive loss for  the year  Exchange differences on  translation of a foreign  operation, net of tax  -  -  (4)  -  (4)  -  (4)  Total comprehensive loss for  the year  -  (4,241)  (4)  -  (4,245)  -  (4,245)  Balance as at 31 December  2022  42,745  (41,552)  3  -  1,196  (70)  1,126   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

<!-- image -->

For the financial year ended 31 December 202 2

| The Company  Share capital  Accumulated  losses  Revaluation  reserve  Total equity  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Balance as at 1 January 2021  42,745  (43,428)  7,879  7,196  Realisation of revaluation reserve of leasehold  building sold during the year  -  7,879  (7,879)  -  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (685)  -  (685)  Balance as at 31 December 2021  42,745  (36,234)  -  6,511  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  (5,269)  -  (5,269)  Balance as at 31 December 2022  42,745  (41,503)  -  1,242   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## CONSLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the financial year ended 31 December 202

| The Group  2022  2021  Note  S$'000  S$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before tax  (4,524)  (1,737)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of plant and equipment  11  223  165  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  20  494  426  Amortisation of intangible asset  13  18  18  Interest expense  6  70  75  Gain on settlement of litigation  5  -  (373)  Gain on sale of leasehold building  5  -  (1,884)  Write-off of plant and equipment  11  53  -  Impairment loss of goodwill  267  -  Gain on early termination of lease  (7)  -  Operating cash flow before changes in working capital  (3,406)  (3,310)  Changes in working capital:  Inventories  (219)  (307)  Trade and other receivables  242  (250)  Trade and other payables  251  (1,602)  Net cash used in operations  (3,132)  (5,469)  Interest paid  (70)  (75)  Tax paid  (1)  -  Net cash used in operating activities  (3,203)  (5,544)  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchase of plant and equipment  11  (35)  (500)  Proceeds from sale of leasehold building  -  9,500  Acquisition of other non-current asset  -  (10)  Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities  (35)  8,990  Cash flows from financing activities  Payment of principal portion of lease liabilities  20  (462)  (402)  Proceeds from loan and borrowing  22  207  -  Net cash used in financing activities  (255)  (402)  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (3,493)  3,044  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  3,667  619  Effect of currency translation on cash and cash equivalents  (4)  4  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  17  170  3,667   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 202 2

These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements.

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

OEL  (Holdings)  Limited  (the  'Company')  (Registration  No.  198403368H)  is  incorporated  and  domiciled  in Singapore as a limited liability company and is listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST').

The registered office  and  principal  place  of  business  of  the  Company  is  located  at  8  Commonwealth  Lane, #02-04 Grande Building, Singapore 149555.

The principal activities of the Company are that of investment holding and property management. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are disclosed in Notes 12 to the financial statements. The Group is primarily involved in the provision of childcare wellness education services and the selling and distribution of healthcare products.

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 2.1 Basis of preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and statement of changes  in  equity  of  the  Company  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Singapore  Financial  Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)').

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollars (SGD or S$), which is the functional currency of the Company. All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (S$'000), except when otherwise indicated.

## Going concern assumption

The  Group  reported  a  loss  after  tax  of  S$4,241,000  (2021:  S$1,733,000)  and  incurred  net  operating  cash outflows  of  S$3,203,000  (2021:  S$5,544,000)  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022.  In  addition, as  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  and  the  Company  have  low  cash  and  bank  balances  of  S$170,000 (2021: S$3,667,000) and S$40,000 (2021: S$3,628,000) respectively. These indicate the existence of material uncertainties that cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group and of the Company to operate as going concerns.

Management has assessed that it is appropriate to use the going concern assumption for the preparation of the financial statements after taking into consideration the following:

- i. Subsequent to the financial year end, on 1 April 2023, the Company entered into a loan agreement with the controlling shareholder for the provision of interest-free loan amounting to S$1,400,000 ('loan from controlling  shareholder').  The  funds  from  the  loan  from  controlling  shareholder  are  disbursed  in  four tranches as follows:
- S$400,000 on 1 April 2023;
- S$200,000 on or before 3 April 2023;
- S$200,000 on or before 5 April 2023;
- S$600,000 on or before 10 April 2023.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (Continued)

## Going concern assumption (Continued)

- ii. Management is exploring the potential sale of some of the Group's existing assets and operations. As part of management's plan to sell the assets and operations, management is actively undertaking measures to identify potential suitable buyers and entering into negotiations with such buyers to discuss on the potential terms of the sale. The sale proceeds are expected to provide additional funding to the Group to sustain its operations for the foreseeable future. At the same time, should the disposal materialise, it is expected to allow the Group to reduce its net operating cash outflows as the operations have been incurring losses and net operating cash outflows during the current and prior financial years.
- iii. Management's  future  plans  and  measures  to  grow  the  Group's  healthcare  equipment  and  services segment which included the following:
- Management  is  actively  negotiating  and  tendering  for  contracts  with  new  customers  to  grow the  Group's  healthcare  equipment  and  services  revenue  base.  As  of  to  date,  the  Group  has managed to secure two master agreements for the supply of healthcare products and equipment to government clinics and hospitals as well as new purchase orders for the supply of healthcare equipment which the Group is in the midst of fulfilling the order.
- The  Group  has  established  a  partnership  with  a  third-party  distributor  to  sell  and  market  the Group's healthcare equipment and services.
- Management  is  exploring  potential  mergers  &amp;  acquisitions  (M&amp;As)  opportunities  with  other healthcare equipment and services companies with established customer base, profitable track record and competent management teams to further grow the Group's healthcare equipment and services segment.
- iv. Management will continue to undertake measures to improve and manage the cash flows, productivity and cost efficiency of the Group's operations. In this regard, the executive directors are willing to defer the  payments of their  salaries  should  such  deferment  be  required  to  ensure  the  Group  has  sufficient funds to sustain its operations.

After  considering  the  abovementioned  measures  and  mitigating  actions,  management  is  confident  that  the Group and the Company will be able to generate sufficient cash flows and have the necessary funds to meet the operating requirements of the Group's operations and to settle its liabilities as and when they fall due for at least another twelve months from the date of the financial statements are authorised for issuance and that the continuing use of the going concern assumption in the preparation of the financial statements is appropriate. Accordingly, the financial statements do not include adjustments relating to the recoverability and reclassification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and reclassification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Group and the Company be unable to continue as going concerns.

Should the going concern assumptions be inappropriate, adjustments may have to be made to:

- i. Reflect the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of the business and at amounts which may differ significantly from the amounts at which they are currently recorded in the statement of financial position;
- ii. Provide for further liabilities that might arise; and
- iii. Reclassify non-current assets and non-current liabilities as current.

No such adjustments have been made in the financial statements.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.2 Adoption of new and amended standards and interpretations

The accounting policies adopted are consistent with those of the previous financial year except that in the current financial year, the Group has adopted all the new and amended standards which are relevant to the Group and are effective for annual financial periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022. The adoption of these standards did not have any material effect on the Group's financial statements.

## 2.3 Standards issued but not yet effective

The Group has not adopted the following standards applicable to the Group that have been issued but not yet effective:

| Description  Effective for annual  periods beginning  on or after  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current  1 January 2024  Amendments to SFRS (I) 17:  Insurance Contract  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising  from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28:  Sale or Contribution of Assets between  an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  To be determined   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors expect that the adoption of the standards above will have no material impact on the financial statements in the period of initial application.

## 2.4 Basis of consolidation and business combinations

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  comprise  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  used in  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  date as the Company. Consistent accounting policies are applied to like transactions and events in similar circumstances.

All intra-group balances, income and expenses and unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated in full. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Losses within a subsidiary are attributed to the non-controlling interest (if any) even if that results in a deficit balance.

60

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.4 Basis of consolidation and business combinations (Continued)

## (b) Business combinations

Business combinations are initially accounted for on a provisional basis using the acquisition method. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. Acquisition-related costs are recognised as expenses in the periods in which the costs are incurred and the services are received. Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer will be recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration which is deemed to be an asset or liability, will be recognised in profit or loss. If the contingent consideration is classified as equity, it is not remeasured until it is finally settled within equity.

The  Group  elects  for  each  individual  business  combination,  whether  non-controlling  interest  in  the acquire (if any), that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of  net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation,  is  recognised  on  the  acquisition  date  at  fair  value,  or  at  the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the acquiree's identifiable net assets. Other components of non-controlling interests are measured at their acquisition date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by another SFRS(I).

Any excess of the sum of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the business combination, the amount of non-controlling interest in the acquiree (if any), and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree (if any), over the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. In instances where the latter amount exceeds the former, the excess is recognised as gain on bargain purchase in profit or loss on the acquisition date.

## (c) Goodwill

Goodwill is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to the Group's cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

The  cash-generating  units  to  which  goodwill  have  been  allocated  is  tested  for  impairment  annually and  whenever  there  is  an  indication  that  the  cash-generating  unit  may  be  impaired.  Impairment  is determined for goodwill by assessing the recoverable amount of each cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which the goodwill relates.

## 2.5 Transactions with non-controlling interests

Non-controlling interest represents the equity in subsidiaries not attributable, directly or indirectly, to owners of the Company.

Changes in the Company's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. In such circumstances, the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the  amount by which the non-controlling interest is adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.6 Foreign currency

## (a) Transactions and balances

Transactions in foreign currencies are measured in the respective functional currencies of the Company and its subsidiaries and are recorded on initial recognition in the functional currencies at exchange rates approximating those ruling at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the rate of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates as at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured.

Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items or on translating monetary items at the end of the reporting period are recognised in profit or loss except for exchange differences arising on monetary items that form part of the Group's net investment in foreign operations, which are recognised initially  in  other  comprehensive income and accumulated under foreign currency translation reserve in equity. The foreign currency translation reserve is reclassified from equity to profit or loss of the Group on disposal of the foreign operation.

## (b) Consolidated financial statements

For  consolidation  purpose,  the  assets  and  liabilities  of  foreign  operations  are  translated  into  SGD  at the  rate  of  exchange  ruling  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  their  profit  or  loss  are  translated at  the  exchange rates prevailing at the date of the transactions. The exchange differences arising on the translation are recognised in other comprehensive income. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.7 Revenue recognition

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the good or service. A performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

## (a) Rental income

Rental income arising from operating leases on non-current asset is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms (i.e. over time). The aggregate costs of incentives provided to lessees are recognised as a reduction of rental income over the lease term on a straight-line basis.

## (b) Provision of childcare wellness education services

Revenue arising from the rendering of childcare wellness education services is recognised over the period of time which the services are being rendered (i.e. over time).

61

62

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.7 Revenue recognition (Continued)

## (c) Sale of medical healthcare equipment

Revenue from the sale of medical healthcare equipment is recognised when the goods are delivered to the customer (i.e. at a point in time). The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods to the customer.

## 2.8 Employee benefits

## (a) Defined contribution plans

The  Company and the Group contribute to the  Central  Provident  Fund  ('CPF')  or  equivalent  fund,  a defined contribution plan regulated and managed by the Government of Singapore or other authorities, which applies to the majority of the employees. The Company's and the Group's contributions to CPF or equivalent are recognised to the profit or loss in the period to which the contributions relate.

## (b) Employee leave entitlement

Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised as a liability when they are accrued to employees. The estimated liability for leave is recognised for services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

## 2.9 Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. That is, if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## As lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities representing the obligations to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying leased assets.

## Right-of-use assets

The Group recognises right-of-use assets at the commencement date of the lease (i.e. the date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment  losses,  and  adjusted  for  any  remeasurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use  assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the estimated useful lives of the assets.

If  ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group at the end of the lease term or the cost reflects the exercise  of  a  purchase  option,  depreciation  is  calculated  using  the  estimated  useful  life  of  the  asset.  The right-of-use  assets  are  also  subject  to  impairment.  The  accounting  policy  for  impairment  is  disclosed  in Note 2.15.

The Group's right-of-use assets are disclosed in Note 20(a).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.9 Leases (Continued)

As lessee (Continued)

## Lease liabilities

At  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease,  the  Group  recognises  lease  liabilities  measured  at  the  present value  of  lease  payments  to  be  made  over  the  lease  term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments (including  in-substance  fixed  payments)  less  any  lease  incentives  receivable,  variable  lease  payments  that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to terminate. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as expenses (unless they are incurred to produce inventories) in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the lease  commencement  date  because  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  is  not  readily  determinable.  After the  commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is  increased  to  reflect  the  accretion  of  interest  and reduced  for  the  lease  payments  made.  In  addition,  the  carrying  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is  remeasured  if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in the lease payments (e.g. changes to future payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine such lease payments) or a change in the assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

The Group's lease liabilities are disclosed in Note 20(b).

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of machinery (i.e. those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). It also applies the lease of low-value assets recognition exemption to leases of office equipment that are considered to be low value. Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low value assets are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Related rent concessions

The Group has applied the Amendment to SFRS(I) 16 Leases: Covid-19 Related Rent Concessions . The Group applies the practical expedient allowing it not to assess whether a rent concession related to Covid-19 is a lease modification. The Group applies the practical expedients consistently to contracts with similar characteristics and  in  similar  circumstances.  For  rent  concessions  in  leases  to  which  the  Group  choose  not  to  apply  the practical expedient or that do not qualify for the practical expedient, the Group assesses whether there is a lease modification.

## 2.10 Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the first-in first-out method  and  comprises  all  cost  of  purchase,  cost  of  conversion  and  other  costs  incurred  in  bringing  the inventories  to  their  present  location  and  condition.  Net  realisable  value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the ordinary course of business, less the estimated cost necessary to make the sale.

63

64

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.11 Taxes

## (a) Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authority. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current income taxes are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

## (b) Deferred tax

Deferred tax is provided using the liability method on temporary differences at the end of the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all temporary differences, except:

- -Where the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in  a  transaction  that  is  not  a  business  combination  and,  at  the  time  of  the  transaction,  affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, where the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carry forward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised except:

- -Where the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- -In  respect  of  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries, associates and interests in joint ventures, deferred tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.11 Taxes (Continued)

## (b) Deferred tax (Continued)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the end of each reporting period.

Deferred tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss is recognised outside profit or loss. Deferred tax items are recognised in correlation to the underlying transaction either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity and deferred tax arising from a business combination is adjusted against goodwill on acquisition.

## (c) Goods and services tax (GST)

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:

- -Where the GST incurred on a purchase of assets or services is not recoverable from the taxation authority, in which case the GST is recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
- -Receivables and payables that are stated with the amount of GST included.

## 2.12 Property, plant and equipment

All items of property, plant and equipment are initially recorded at cost. Subsequent to recognition, property, plant and equipment other than leasehold building are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

Leasehold building is measured at fair value less accumulated depreciation on buildings and impairment losses recognised after the date of the revaluation. Valuations are performed with sufficient regularity to ensure that the carrying amount does not differ materially from the fair value of the leasehold buildings at the end of the reporting period.

Any revaluation surplus is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the asset revaluation reserve, except to the extent that it reverses a revaluation decrease of the same asset previously recognised in profit or loss, in which case the increase is recognised in profit or loss. A revaluation deficit is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it offsets an existing surplus on the same asset carried in the asset revaluation reserve.

The gross carrying amount is adjusted in a manner that is consistent with the revaluation of the carrying amount of the asset. The accumulated depreciation at the date of the revaluation is adjusted to equal the difference between the gross carrying amount and the carrying amount of the asset after taking into account accumulated impairment losses. The revaluation surplus included in the asset revaluation reserve in respect of an asset is transferred directly to retained earnings on retirement or disposal of the asset.

Depreciation is computed on a straight-line basis to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment over their expected useful lives. The estimated useful lives are as follows:

66

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.12 Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

Repair and maintenance expenses are taken to profit or loss during the financial year in which they are incurred. The cost of major renovations and restorations is included in the carrying amount of the asset when it is probable that future economic benefits in excess of the originally assessed standard of performance of the existing asset will flow to the Company, and depreciated over the remaining useful life of the asset.

The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

Where  an  indication  of  impairment  exists,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  assessed  and  written  down immediately to its recoverable amount.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Gain or loss on disposal is determined by comparing proceeds with the carrying amount and is included in profit or loss from operations. Any gain or loss on de-recognition of the asset is included in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised.

## 2.13 Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible asset acquired in a business combination is their fair value at the date of acquisition. Following initial recognition, intangible assets are carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

Intangible assets with finite lives are amortised over the useful economic useful life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that  the  intangible  asset  may  be  impaired.  The  amortisation  period  and  the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life  are  reviewed  at  least  at  the  end  of  each reporting period. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives or not yet available for use are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if the events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired either  individually  or  at  the  cash-generating  unit  level.  Such  intangible  assets  are  not  amortised.  The  useful life of an intangible asset with an indefinite useful life is reviewed annually to determine whether the useful life assessment continues to be supportable. If not, the change in useful life from indefinite to finite is made on a prospective basis.

Gains or losses arising from de-recognition of an intangible asset are measured as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised.

## Acquired Student Population

The  acquired  student  population  intangible  asset  was  acquired  as  part  of  the  acquisition  of  the  subsidiary, Discovery Kidz Preschool Pte Ltd and is amortised to profit or loss over its finite useful life of approximately 4 years.

## 2.14 Subsidiaries

A subsidiary is an investee that is controlled by the Group. The Group controls an investee when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee.

In  the  Company's  separate  financial  statements,  investment  in  subsidiaries  is  accounted  for  at  cost  less impairment losses.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.15 Impairment of non-financial assets

The Group assesses at each reporting date whether there is any indication that an asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, or when annual impairment assessment for an asset is required, the Group makes an estimate of the asset's recoverable amount.

An asset's recoverable amount is the higher of an asset's or cash-generating unit's fair value less costs of disposal  and  its  value  in  use  and  is  determined  for  an  individual  asset,  unless  the  asset  does  not  generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets. Where the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is considered impaired and is written down to its recoverable amount.

Impairment  losses  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  except  for  assets  that  are  previously  revalued  where  the revaluation was taken to other comprehensive income. In this case, the impairment is also recognised in other comprehensive income up to the amount of any previous revaluation.

A previously recognised impairment loss is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the asset's recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. If that is the case, the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  is  increased  to  its  recoverable  amount.  That  increase  cannot  exceed  the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of depreciation, had no impairment loss been recognised previously. Such reversal is recognised in profit or loss unless the asset is measured at revalued amount, in which case the reversal is treated as a revaluation increase. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods.

An assessment is made at each reporting date as to whether there is any indication that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased.

## 2.16 Financial instruments

## (a) Financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial  assets  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when  the  entity  becomes  party  to  the  contractual provisions of the instruments.

At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss,  transaction  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss.

Trade receivables are measured at the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third party, if the trade receivables do not contain a significant financing component at initial recognition.

## Subsequent measurement

All the financial assets of the Group are measured at amortised cost during the reporting period and as at reporting date.

## Amortised cost

Financial assets that are held for the collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Financial assets are measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the assets are derecognised or impaired, and through the amortisation process.

67

68

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.16 Financial instruments (Continued)

- (a) Financial assets (Continued)

## Derecognition

A financial asset is derecognised where the contractual right to receive cash flows from the asset has expired. On derecognition of a financial asset in its entirety, the difference between the carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and any cumulative gain or loss that had been recognised in other comprehensive income for debt instruments is recognised in profit or loss.

## (b) Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial liabilities are recognised when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the financial instrument. The Group determines the classification of its financial liabilities at initial recognition.

All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value plus in the case of financial liabilities not at fair value through profit or loss, directly attributable transaction costs.

## Subsequent measurement

After  initial  recognition,  financial  liabilities  that  are  not  carried  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method.  Gains  and  losses  are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised, and through the amortisation process.

## Derecognition

A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled or expired. On derecognition, the difference between the carrying amounts and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.17 Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (ECLs) for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is recognised for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

For trade receivables, the Group applies a simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.17 Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

Definition of default

The  Group  considers  the  followings  as  constituting  an  event  of  default  for  internal  credit  risk  management purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are generally not recoverable.

- -when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or
- -information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the company, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

Irrespective of the above analysis, the Group considers that default has occurred when there is evidence that a financial asset is credit impaired unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

## 2.18 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at banks and on hand that are readily convertible to known amount of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 2.19 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and the amount of the obligation can be estimated reliably.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows.

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

## 2.20 Contingencies

A contingent liability is:

- (a) a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group; or
- (b) a present obligation that arises from past events but is not recognised because:
- (i) It is not probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or
- (ii) The amount of the obligation cannot be measured with sufficient reliability.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.20 Contingencies (Continued)

A contingent asset is a possible asset that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group.

Contingent liabilities and assets are not recognised on the balance sheet of the Group, except for contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination that are present obligations and for which the fair values can be reliably determined.

## 2.21 Related parties

A related party is defined as follows:

- (a) A person or close member of the person's family is related to the Group and Company if that person:
- (i) Has control or joint control over the Company;
- (ii) Has significant influence over the Company; or
- (iii) Is a member of the key management personnel of the Group and Company or of a parent of the Company.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group and Company if any of the following conditions apply:
- (i) The entity and the Company are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Company or an entity related to the Company.
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) A  person  identified  in  (a)  has  significant  influence  over  the  entity  or  is  a  member  of  the  key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.22 Borrowing costs

All borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.23 Share capital and share issuance expenses

Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares are recognised as share capital in equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of ordinary shares are deducted against share capital.

## 2.24 Government grants

Government grants are recognised where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and all  attached conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the related costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. When the grant relates to an asset, it is recognised as income in equal amounts over the expected useful life of the related asset.

When the Group receives grants of non-monetary assets, the asset and the grant  are  recorded  at  nominal amounts  and  released  to  profit  or  loss  over  the  expected  useful  life  of  the  asset,  based  on  the  pattern  of consumption of the benefits of the underlying asset by equal annual instalments.

## 2.25 Segment reporting

For management purposes, the Group is organised into operating segments based on their products and services which are independently managed by the respective segment managers responsible for the performance of the respective segments under their charge. The segment managers report directly to the management of the Company who regularly review the segment results in order to allocate resources to the segments and to assess the segment performance. Additional disclosures on each of these segments are shown in Note 28, including the factors used to identify the reportable segments and the measurement basis of segment information.

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The preparation of the Group's financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenue, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of  contingent  liabilities,  at  the  reporting  date.  However,  uncertainty  about  these  assumptions  and  estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the asset or liability affected in future periods.

## 3.1 Judgements made in applying accounting policies

In the process of applying the Group's accounting policies, the Group has not made significant judgements, apart from those involving estimations.

72

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year is discussed below.

## (i) Impairment assessment on goodwill

For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination. Cash-generating units to which goodwill has been allocated are tested for impairment annually, or more frequently when there is an indication that the unit may be impaired. If the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

## (ii) Impairment on investment in subsidiaries

The recoverable amount of the investment is reviewed at the end of each reporting period to determine whether there is any indication that the investment has suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the carrying amount of the investment is determined on the basis of the net recoverable amount to determine the extent of the impairment loss.

The Company's impairment of investment in subsidiaries as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are disclosed in Note 12.

## (iii) Leases - estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in the lease, therefore it uses incremental borrowing rate to measure lease liabilities. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The incremental  borrowing  rate  therefore  reflects  what  the  Group  'would  have  to  pay',  which  requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the incremental borrowing rate using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates.

## (iv) Impairment assessment on non-financial assets

An assessment is made for the reporting year whether there is any indication that the asset may be impaired. If any such indication exists, an estimate is made of the recoverable amount of the asset. The recoverable  amounts  of  cash-generating  units  if  applicable  is  measured  based  on  the  fair  value  less costs of disposal or value in use calculations. It is reasonably possible, based on existing knowledge, that outcomes within the next reporting year that are different from assumptions could require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of the balances affected. The carrying amounts of plant and equipment and right-of-use assets as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are disclosed in Note 11 and Note 20(a) respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

## 3.2 Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (v) Provision for ECLs of trade and other receivables

The Group determines the expected credit loss for trade and other receivables based on assumptions about  risk  of  default  and  expected  credit  loss  rate.  The  Group  adopts  judgement  in  making  these assumptions and selecting inputs for computing such impairment loss, broadly based on the available customer's  historical  data,  like  ageing  analysis  of  the  receivables,  creditworthiness  and  the  past collection history of each customer, existing market conditions and forward-looking estimates at end of each reporting date. The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 are disclosed in Note 16 to the financial statements.

## 4. REVENUE

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Main revenue streams:  Rental income  -  26  Provision of childcare wellness education services  186  249  Sale of medical healthcare equipment  593  44  779  319  Timing of transfer of goods or services:  At a point in time  593  44  Over time  186  275  779  319   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. OTHER OPERATING INCOME

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Administrative and management income  -  16  Government grants  145  203  Gain on settlement of litigation (Note 24)  -  373  Gain on sale of leasehold building  -  1,884  Gain on early termination of lease  7  -  Others  3  -  155  2,476   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 6. FINANCE COSTS

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Interest expense on:  - Lease liabilities (Note 20(c))  70  75   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Employee benefits expenses (including directors):  - Salaries and wages  2,339  2,223  - Defined contribution plans  242  217  - Short-term employee benefits  141  163  2,722  2,603   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  employee  benefits  expense  includes  compensation  payable  to  key  management  personnel  as disclosed in Note 23 to the financial statements.

## 8. LOSS BEFORE TAX

Loss before income tax is determined after charging:-

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Bank charges  14  5  Directors' fee  180  225  Depreciation of plant and equipment (Note 11)  223  165  Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 20(c))  494  426  Amortisation of intangible asset (Note 13)  18  18  Employee benefits expenses (Note 7)  2,722  2,603  Impairment loss of goodwill (Note 14)  267  -  Legal and consultancy fees  115  168  Write-off of plant and equipment  53  -  Professional fees  157  249  Audit fees paid/payable to the auditors of the Company  45  33  Non-audit fees paid/payable to the auditors of the Company  5  4   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 9. INCOME TAX CREDIT

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Deferred income tax  - Origination and reversal of temporary differences (Note 19)  283  4   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The income tax credit on the loss of the financial year varies from the amount of income tax credit determined by applying the Singapore statutory rate of income tax on the Group's losses as a result of the followings:

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Loss before tax  (4,524)  (1,737)  Tax credit calculated at tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%)  (769)  (295)  Non-deductible expenses  50  33  Income not subject to taxation  -  (323)  Deferred tax assets not recognised  716  581  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (280)  -  (283)  (4)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at reporting date, the Group has unutilised tax losses of approximately S$7,629,000 (2021: S$3,418,000) which are available  for  offset  against  future  taxable  profits  for  which  no  deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised due to unpredictability of the future profit streams to be generated by the Group in the foreseeable future. The deferred tax assets not recognised at reporting date totalled approximately S$1,297,000 (2021: S$581,000). The utilisation of these tax losses is subject to the agreement of the tax authorities and compliance with the applicable provisions of the tax legislation. The realisation of the future income tax benefits from unutilised tax losses is available for an unlimited future period.

## 10. LOSS PER SHARE

Basic and diluted loss per share are calculated by dividing the loss for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year.

The following tables reflect the loss and share data used in the computation of basic and diluted loss per share calculations:

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Loss attributable to equity holders of the Company, used in the computation  of basic and diluted loss per share  (4,241)  (1,696)  No. of shares  No. of shares  2022  2021  Weighted average number of ordinary shares, used in the computation of  basic and diluted loss per share  933,802,074  933,802,074   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

76

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 11. PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Plant and equipment  The Group  The Company  S$'000  S$'000  At cost  As at 1 January 2021  563  404  Additions  500  31  As at 31 December 2021  1,063  435  Additions  35  5  Written off  (278)  (278)  As at 31 December 2022  820  162  Accumulated depreciation  As at 1 January 2021  182  106  Charge during the year (Note 8)  165  96  As at 31 December 2021  347  202  Charge during the year (Note 8)  223  106  Written off  (225)  (225)  As at 31 December 2022  345  83  Net carrying amount  As at 31 December 2021  716  233  As at 31 December 2022  475  79   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment testing of plant and equipment

During the financial year, management performed impairment tests at the CGU level for plant and equipment with  indication  of  impairment.  Based  on  the  assessment,  no  provision  for  impairment  is  necessary  as  the recoverable amount of the 2 CGUs to which the plant and equipment belong to are assessed to be higher than the carrying amount. The key assumptions of the impairment assessments at the 2 CGUs are as disclosed in Note 12 and Note 14 of the financial statements. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which its recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

## 12. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES

| The Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Investments at cost  As at 1 January  1,350  200  Add: Investment in subsidiaries  -  1,150  As at 31 December  1,350  1,350  Less: Accumulated impairment losses  As at 1 January  (200)  -  Add: Impairment loss during the year  -  (200)  As at 31 December  (200)  (200)  Net carrying amount  1,150  1,150   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

In the previous financial year, on 20 January 2021, the Company subscribed to an additional 149,900 shares of  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  AJJ  Healthcare  Management  Pte.  Ltd.  ('AJJ  Healthcare')  for  a  total  cash consideration of S$149,900. On 12 August 2021, the Company subscribed to a further 1,000,000 shares of AJJ Healthcare via the capitalisation of the Company's S$1,000,000 loan to AJJ Healthcare.

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  incorporation  Effective interest  of the Company  Principal activities  2022  2021  Held by the Company  AJJ Healthcare Management  Pte. Ltd. 1  Singapore  100%  100%  Investment holding and management  consultancy services for healthcare  organisations  W Property Management  Pte. Ltd. 1  Singapore  100%  100%  Real estate leasing and management  ESO Health Care Pte. Ltd. 1  Singapore  100%  100%  Investment holding, nurseries and  kindergartens  Shanghai Longjian Hospital  Management Co., Ltd. 2  China  51%  51%  Hospital management, medical  technology, biotechnology,  technology development and health  management consulting  Held through ESO Health Care  Pte. Ltd.  Discovery Kidz Preschool  Pte. Ltd. 1  Singapore  100%  100%  Child care services for pre-school  children  Held through AJJ Healthcare  Management Pte. Ltd.  HIFU Suntec Pte. Ltd. 1  Singapore  80%  80%  Conduct research and development  of medical technologies,  manufacture and repair of  irradiation and electromedical of  HIFU machine and other medical  equipment   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 PKF-CAP LLP is appointed as auditor but exempted from audit under Section 205C of the Companies Act.
- 2 Inactive and not audited.

## Non-controlling interests ('NCI')

The Group has no subsidiaries that have NCI that are considered material to the Group.

## Impairment assessment of investment in subsidiaries

During  the  financial  year,  management  performed  impairment  testing  on  its  investment  in  subsidiary,  AJJ Healthcare Management Pte. Ltd. which has indication of impairment. Based on the assessment, no provision for impairment is necessary as the recoverable amount of the investment in subsidiary which is measured as the fair value less costs of disposal using the market approach and Level 2 inputs of the fair value hierarchy is assessed to be higher than the carrying amount.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 12. INVESTMENT IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

Impairment assessment of investment in subsidiaries (Continued)

The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal of the investment in subsidiary is most sensitive to the following key assumptions:

## (i) Maintainable revenue

Forecasted  maintainable  revenue  of  approximately  S$1,300,000  (2021:  S$Nil)  has  been  used.  The forecasted maintainable revenue is computed as the average of the actual revenue earned in the current year and the forecasted revenue for the next 12 months.

## (ii) Enterprise value to revenue ratio

Enterprise  value  to  revenue  ratio  of  approximately  2.34x  (2021:  Nil)  has  been  used.  The  estimated enterprise value to revenue ratio is derived based on the ratio of publicly traded comparable companies and adjusted for the company specific factors and market and economic conditions.

Management believes that any reasonably possible change in the key assumptions on which its recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

## 13. INTANGIBLE ASSET

| The Group  Acquired  Student  Population  S$'000  Cost  As at 1 January 2021/As at 31 December 2021/As at 31 December 2022  71  Accumulated amortisation  As at 1 January 2021  16  Charge during the year (Note 8)  18  As at 31 December 2021  34  Charge during the year (Note 8)  18  As at 31 December 2022  52  Net carrying amount  As at 31 December 2021  37  As at 31 December 2022  19   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14. GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  As at 1 January  267  267  Impairment loss during the year  (267)  -  As at 31 December  -  267   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 14. GOODWILL ON CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)

## Impairment assessment of goodwill

Goodwill is tested for impairment on an annual basis by comparing the carrying amount of the Cash Generating Unit ('CGU'), Discovery Kidz with its recoverable amount, which is based on value in use. The value in use was determined based on the most recent five-year financial forecasts for Discovery Kidz approved by management, which is the best estimate of the CGU's future performance.

The calculation of the value-in-use for the CGU is most sensitive to the following key assumptions:

## (i) Revenue Growth Rates

Forecasted revenue growth rates of between 17% to 42% (2021: 10% to 25%) per annum had been used. The forecasted revenue growth rates are based on the average growth rates achieved in prior years, adjusted for future market and economic conditions and management future plans.

## (ii) Discount Rate

The discount rate applied to the future cash flow projections is 9.5% (2021: 9%). This reflects the current market assessments of the risks specific to the CGU and time value of money.

## (iii) Terminal Growth Rate

The terminal growth rate applied to the future cash flow projections is 2% (2021: 2%). This steady growth rate beyond the initial 5-year period is estimated based on the long-term economic growth rate of the market in which the CGU operates in.

Impairment is recognised in the profit or loss when the carrying amount of the CGU exceeds its recoverable amount. In current financial year, the total goodwill impairment loss amounted to S$267,000 (2021: S$Nil) has been recognised in profit or loss under the line item 'other operating expenses'.

## 15. INVENTORIES

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Statement of financial position:  Healthcare and medical equipment  511  288  -  -  Others  25  29  24  25  536  317  24  25  Statement of comprehensive  income:  Inventories recognised as an expense  in profit or loss  295  48  2  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

80

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Current  Trade receivables  Third parties  108  106  -  -  Other receivables  Third parties  58  100  21  54  Subsidiaries  -  -  2,897  1,401  Deposit  486  694  320  503  Prepayments  60  107  33  21  Less: Allowance for impairment  -  -  (2,841)  -  604  901  430  1,979  Sub-total, trade and other receivables,  current  712  1,007  430  1,979  Non-current  Other receivables  Deposit  53  -  -  -  Sub-total, other receivables, non-current  53  -  -  -  Total trade and other receivables  765  1,007  430  1,979   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in allowance for impairment on trade and other receivables is as follows:

| The Company  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  At beginning of the year  -  -  Charge for allowance for impairment to profit or loss  (2,841)  -  At end of the year  (2,841)  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are normally settled on 30 days' (2021: 30 days') term. Other receivables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and repayable on demand.

Ageing analysis of the age of trade receivable amounts that are past due as at the end of reporting year but not impaired are as follows:

| The Group  2022  2022  S$'000  S$'000  Not past due  77  24  1-30 days past due  25  10  31-60 days past due  3  71  61-90 days past due  3  -  More than 90 days past due  -  1  Total  108  106   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

Trade and other receivables are recognised at their original invoice amounts which represent their fair values on initial recognition. The expected credit losses on the trade and other receivables are not significant.

The trade and other receivables denominated in foreign currency at reporting date are as follows:

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  United States Dollars  -  70   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Cash on hand  1  -  -  -  Cash at banks  169  3,667  40  3,628  170  3,667  40  3,628   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Trade payables  Third parties  27  7  8  -  Other payables  Third parties  254  151  172  80  Subsidiary  -  -  40  40  Accrued operating expenses  218  147  190  87  472  298  402  207  499  305  410  207   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade and other payables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and are normally settled on 60 days' (2021: 60 days') term.

## 19. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

| The Group  Leasehold  building  Intangible  asset  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 January 2021  280  10  290  Origination and reversal of temporary differences (Note 9)  -  (4)  (4)  At 31 December 2021  280  6  286  Origination and reversal of temporary differences (Note 9)  (280)  (3)  (283)  At 31 December 2022  -  3  3   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 19. DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

| ## The Company  Leasehold  building  S$'000  At 1 January 2021/31 December 2021  280  Origination and reversal of temporary differences  (280)  At 31 December 2022  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. LEASES

## Group as a lessee

The  Group  has  lease  contracts  for  office  premises,  plant  and  equipment  and  motor  vehicles.  The  Group's obligations under its lease are secured by the lessor's title to the leased asset. The leases have lease terms of 3 - 7 (2021: 3 - 7) years. The Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased assets.

## (a) Right-of-use assets

| The Group  Office  premises  Plant and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 January 2021  705  6  40  751  Additions  982  6  206  1,194  Depreciation (Note 8)  (363)  (2)  (61)  (426)  At 31 December 2021  1,324  10  185  1,519  Additions  52  -  31  83  Depreciation (Note 8)  (431)  (3)  (60)  (494)  Derecognition  (25)  -  -  (25)  At 31 December 2022  920  7  156  1,083   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| The Company  Office  premises  Plant and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 January 2021  369  6  40  415  Additions  -  -  206  206  Depreciation  (172)  (1)  (62)  (235)  At 31 December 2021  197  5  184  386  Additions  -  -  30  30  Depreciation  (172)  (1)  (60)  (233)  Derecognition  (25)  -  -  (25)  At 31 December 2022  -  4  154  158   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. LEASES (CONTINUED)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

## Impairment testing of right-of-use assets

During the financial year, management performed impairment tests at the CGU level for right-of-use assets with indication of impairment. Based on the assessment, no provision for impairment is necessary as the recoverable amount of the 2 CGUs to which the right-of-use assets belong to are assessed to be higher than the carrying amount. The key assumptions of the impairment assessments at the 2 CGUs are as disclosed in Note 12 and Note  14  of  the  financial  statements.  Management  believes  that  any  reasonably  possible  change  in  the  key assumptions on which its recoverable amount is based would not cause the carrying amount to exceed its recoverable amount.

## (b) Lease liabilities

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  At 1 January  1,542  781  403  429  Additions  -  1,163  -  206  Modifications  57  -  30  -  Accretion of interests  70  75  16  27  Payments  (532)  (477)  (244)  (259)  Derecognition  (31)  -  (31)  -  At 31 December  1,106  1,542  174  403  Presented as:  Current  281  439  34  213  Non-current  825  1,103  140  190  1,106  1,542  174  403   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maturity analysis of lease liabilities:

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  One year  or less  One to five  years  More than five  years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Lease liabilities  1,106  1,221  330  891  -  2021  Lease liabilities  1,542  1,724  507  1,120  97  Company  2022  Lease liabilities  174  195  42  153  -  2021  Lease liabilities  403  439  228  175  36   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 20. LEASES (CONTINUED)

Group as a lessee (Continued)

- (c) Amounts recognised in profit or loss

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 8)  494  426  Interest expense on lease liabilities (Note 6)  70  75  Total amount recognised in profit or loss  564  501   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Total cash outflows

The Group had total cash outflows for leases of S$532,000 (2021: S$477,000).

A reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities are as follows:

Non-cash changes

Accretion of interests

S$'000

70

Cash flows

S$'000

(402)

Modification

S$'000

Derecognition

S$'000

57

(31)

Non-cash changes

Accretion of interests

S$'000

Additions

S$'000

75

1,163

The Group and The Company

Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities

## 21. SHARE CAPITAL

| 2022  2021  2022  2021  Issued and fully paid  Number of shares  S$'000  S$'000  Ordinary shares:  Beginning and end of financial year  933,802,074  933,802,074  42,745  42,745   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared from time to time and are entitled to one vote per share without restriction. The ordinary shares have no par value.

1 January

2022

S$'000

Cash flows

S$'000

1,542

(462)

1 January

2021

S$'000

781

Interest paid

S$'000

(70)

Interest paid

S$'000

(75)

31 December

2022

S$'000

1,106

31 December

2021

S$'000

1,542

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 22. LOAN AND BORROWING

| The Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  Unsecured  Term loan  207  -  Disclosed as: -  Non-current  207  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loan and borrowing pertains to the 2 years term loan which is due to a director  of  a  subsidiary  of  the Group, is denominated in Singapore Dollars and is unsecured. Interest is accrued on indebtedness at the rate of 1.60% per annum.

Maturity analysis of loan and borrowing:

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  One year or  less  One to five  years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Loan and borrowing  207  214  4  210   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  fair  value  of  the  loan  and  borrowing  is  measured  by  discounting  the  expected  future  cash  flows  using observable current market interest rates for similar liabilities (i.e. Level 2). The fair value measured was reasonably close to the carrying amount reported as the observable current market interest rate of the loan and borrowing also approximated to the effective interest rate of the loan and borrowing.

## 23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In  addition to the related party information disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the following are significant  transactions  between the Group and its related parties during the financial year on terms agreed between the parties concerned:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Companies in which the Company's  directors and key management  personnel have a financial interest  Fees paid to company in which the  Company's key management personnel  has a financial interest  34  14  27  11   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

85

86

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 23. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

Key management personnel include the directors and those persons having authority and responsibilities for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group, directly or indirectly. The remuneration paid to directors and other members of key management for the financial year is as shown below.

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Short-term benefits  1,044  1,126  1,044  1,126  Post-employment benefits  27  34  27  34  1,071  1,160  1,071  1,160   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  remuneration  of  directors  and  key  management  is  determined  by  the  Remuneration  Committee  having regard to the performance of individuals and market trends.

## 24. CONTINGENCIES

## Legal case initiated by the Company

In  the  prior  year,  on  24  February  2021,  the  Company  has  commenced  legal  proceedings  against  Ms  Wang Jue (the 'Defendant') in the High Court of Singapore. The Defendant was not re-elected as a director at the Annual General Meeting of the Company on 26 June 2020 and had consequently asked for her employment with the Company to be terminated. The suit alleges that the Defendant had, amongst other things, breached her  fiduciary  duty  as  an  executive  director  of  the  Company  and/or  her  duty  of  fidelity,  care  and  confidence owed to the Company.

The Company had decided to prosecute the claim to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders including  claim  for  special  damages  and  reputational  loss  to  be  assessed.  Nevertheless,  subsequent  to  the financial yearend, on 4 April 2023, the Company has reached a full and final settlement agreement with the defendant. This settlement does not have any material financial and operational impact on the Company.

## Legal case initiated against the Company

In the prior year, the Company made a provision in respect of a claim for alleged outstanding legal fees from a local law firm for legal services purportedly provided to the Company, its direct subsidiary, OSEC Shipyard Pte Ltd ('OSEC') which has since been liquidated and its indirect subsidiary, OSC Co., Ltd ('OSC') in various arbitration  proceedings.  The  local  law  firm  alleged  that  the  Company  had  agreed  to  be  jointly  and  severally liable for all fees and disbursements incurred by OSEC and OSC, due to a letter issued by the Company dated 10 September 2013, which was allegedly signed by the previous managing director of the Company. The local law firm was purportedly engaged for its services on or around March 2013.

The Company disputed the aforesaid claims and has undertaken measures to verify and confirm the validity and veracity of such claims. In particular, the Company noted that other than a sum of S$120,406 owing to the local law firm which has already been provided for under ' Trade &amp; Other Payables ' in the financial statements, there was no reference to any of the other alleged outstanding sums owing to the local law firm. On the grounds of prudence, the Company has recognised the provision for the remaining legal fees claimed against it amounting to approximately S$439,000.

## 24. CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

## Legal case initiated against the Company (Continued)

In previous financial year, the Company has entered into an amicable settlement with the local law firm. Upon the receipt of the settlement sum, the local law firm has withdrawn all of its legal claims against the Company. A gain on settlement amounting to approximately S$373,000 is recognised representing the difference between the settlement sum paid and the provision made as disclosed in Note 5.

## 25. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Fair value hierarchy

The Group categorises fair value measurements using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs used as follows:

- Level 1 -Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active market for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date,
- Level 2 -Inputs other that quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, and
- Level 3 -Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

Fair value measurements that use inputs of different hierarchy levels are categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement.

As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group and the Company had no financial instruments measured at fair value using valuation techniques.

## Financial instruments whose carrying amount approximates fair value

The carrying amounts of financial assets and liabilities with a maturity of less than one year approximate their fair values due to the relatively short-term maturity.

For the non-current refundable deposit as disclosed in Note 16, the Group does not expect the carrying amount recorded at the reporting date would be significantly different from the value that would eventually be received or settled due to the relatively low and stable market interest rate of the economic environment of the currency which the refundable deposit is denominated in.

For the non-current loan and borrowing as disclosed in Note 22, the carrying amount of the loan and borrowing is considered to approximate its fair value as the observable current market interest rate of the loan and borrowing also approximated the effective interest rate of the loan and borrowing.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

88

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group and the Company are exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and the use of financial instruments. The key financial risks include foreign currency risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, and liquidity risk.

The following sections provide details regarding the Group's and Company's exposure to the above-mentioned financial risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks. There has been no change to the Group's and the Company's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it manages and measures the risks.

## (i) Foreign currency risk

The  Group  and  the  Company  do  not  have  any  significant  foreign  currency  denominated  financial instruments.

Management does not expect changes in foreign exchange rates to have significant impact on the Group's loss before tax from continuing operations as majority of the financial assets and financial liabilities are denominated in Singapore Dollar.

## (ii) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of the Group's and the Company's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

The Group's exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to loan and borrowing and lease obligations. The impact of change in interest rate on the Group's financial assets and liabilities is minimal. As such, the effect of a sensitivity analysis on the Group's net profit/loss would be negligible.

## (iii) Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of loss that may arise on outstanding financial instruments should a counterparty default on its obligations. The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit risk arises primarily from trade and other receivables. For other financial assets (including cash and bank balances), the Group and the Company minimise credit risk by dealing exclusively with high credit rating counterparties.

Cash and bank balances are placed with financial institutions which are regulated and reputable.

The  Group's  objective  is  to  seek  continual  revenue  growth  while  minimising  losses  incurred  due  to increased credit risk exposure. The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group's policy that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and appropriate measures to mitigate credit risk exposures are undertaken to ensure that the Group's exposure to bad debts is not significant.

The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period.

To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. The Group considers available reasonable and supporting forward-looking information.

<!-- image -->

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 26. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (iii) Credit risk (Continued)

The Group determined that its financial assets are credit-impaired when:

- -There is significant difficulty of the issuer or the borrower
- -A breach of contract, such as a default or past due event
- -It is becoming probable that the customers will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation
- -There is a disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulty

As  of  31  December  2022  and  31  December  2021,  the  Group  and  the  Company  do  not  have  any significant concentration of credit risk to any counterparty.

## (iv) Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  or  the  Company  will  encounter  difficulty  in  meeting  financial obligations due to shortage of funds. The Group's and the Company's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of the maturities of financial assets and liabilities. The Group and the Company monitor  its  liquidity  needs  by  closely  monitoring  their  cash  outflows  arising  from  the  Group's  and Company's day-to-day operations.

All financial liabilities are repayable on demand or within 12 months from the end of the reporting period, except for loan and borrowing and lease liabilities. The maturity analysis of lease liabilities and loan and borrowing are disclosed in Note 20(b) and Note 22 respectively.

Management  believes  that  the  Group  and  the  Company  have  adequate  resources  to  continue  in operational existence for the foreseeable future as set out in Note 2.1 to the financial statements.

## 27. CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise shareholder value.

The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. To  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  dividend  payment  to  shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.  No  changes  were  made  in  the  objectives,  policies  or  processes  during  the  years  ended  31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

90

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. SEGMENT INFORMATION

- (a) Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenues

The Group operates in the following segments:

1. Rental of property &amp; corporate;
2. Childcare wellness education; and
3. Healthcare equipment &amp; services.

Segment revenue represents revenue generated from external customers. Segment results represent the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income, finance costs and income tax expense. This is the measure reported to the chief operating decision maker for the purposes of resource allocation and assessment of segment performance.

For the purposes of monitoring segment performance and allocating resources between segments, the chief  operating  decision  maker  monitors  the  tangible  assets  and  financial  assets  attributable  to  each segment.

## (b) Segment revenues and results

| 2022  2021  Revenue  Revenue  S$'000  %  S$'000  %  The Group  Rental of property &amp; corporate  -  -  26  8.1  Childcare wellness education  186  23.9  249  78.1  Healthcare products &amp; services  593  76.1  44  13.8  Total  779  100.0  319  100.0  2022  2021  Results  Results  S$'000  %  S$'000  %  The Group  Rental of property &amp; corporate  (2,440)  57.5  (493)  28.4  Childcare wellness education  (538)  12.7  (134)  7.7  Healthcare equipment &amp; services  (1,263)  29.8  (1,106)  63.9  Total  (4,241)  100.0  (1,733)  100.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no inter-segment sales during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 28. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## (c) Segment assets and liabilities

| Rental of  property &amp;  corporate  Childcare  wellness  education  Healthcare  equipment &amp;  services  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  31 December 2022  Assets  Segment assets  668  456  1,933  3,057  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  (602)  (306)  (1,023)  (1,931)  Other information  Amortisation  -  (18)  -  (18)  Depreciation  (341)  (112)  (264)  (717)  Impairment loss of goodwill  -  (267)  -  (267)  Write-off of plant and equipment  (53)  -  -  (53)  31 December 2021  Assets  Segment assets  4,854  770  1,916  7,540  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  (854)  (318)  (997)  (2,169)  Other information  Amortisation  -  18  -  18  Depreciation  (332)  (98)  (161)  (591)  Gain on sale of leasehold land  and building  1,884  -  -  1,884   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(d) Geographical segment and major customers information

The Group operates primarily in Singapore and its revenue are derived from rental of property, provision of  childcare  wellness  education  services  and  sale  of  medical  healthcare  products.  The  revenue  from rental  of  property,  provision  of  childcare  wellness  education  services  and  sale  of  medical  healthcare products were earned from nil customers (2021: 2 customers), 16 customers (2021: 24 customers) and 41 customers (2021: 21 customers) respectively.

92

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022

## 29. CATEGORIES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial instruments as at the reporting date are as follows:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Financial assets  At amortised cost  Trade and other receivables #  705  900  397  1,958  Cash and bank balances  170  3,667  40  3,628  875  4,567  437  5,586  Financial liabilities  At amortised cost  Lease liabilities  1,106  1,542  174  403  Trade and other payables  499  305  410  207  Loan and borrowing  207  -  -  -  1,812  1,847  584  610   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Exclude non-financial assets of the Group and Company of S$60,000 (2021: S$107,000) and S$33,000 (2021: S$21,000) respectively.

## 30. OUTBREAK OF COVID-19

The outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic globally and in Singapore has continued to cause disturbance and slowdown of economic activities. Following the roll-out of COVID-19 vaccinations globally in prior year and the further reopening of international boarders in the current year, these developments have enabled the resumption of more economic activities. While the Group expects the challenges brought by the COVID-19 pandemic to continue, the Group is confident of meeting such challenges with an emphasis on the safety and well-being of the staff. Meanwhile, the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased awareness and demand for the Group's healthcare related products.

The Group will continue to explore and evaluate strategic business opportunities, including but not limited to strategic investments, partnerships, or acquisitions that have potential to generate value for shareholders. The directors will continue to monitor the situation and respond proactively to mitigate the impact on the Group's financial performance and financial position.

## 31. EVENT SUBSEQUENT TO YEAR-END

Subsequent  to  the  financial  yearend,  the  Company  has  received  funds  under  the  loan  from  the  controlling shareholder (Note 2.1) of approximately S$1,400,000.

## 32. AUTHORISATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

These financial statements were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the board of directors on 12 April 2023.

## SHARE STATISTICS

As at 23 March 2023

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 23 MARCH 2023

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  % OF  SHAREHOLDERS  NO. OF  SHARES  % OF  SHAREHOLDINGS  1 - 99  2  0.07  12  0.00  100 - 1,000  294  10.28  283,957  0.03  1,001 - 10,000  834  29.15  4,751,300  0.51  10,001 - 1,000,000  1,619  56.59  232,052,611  24.85  1,000,001 and above  112  3.91  696,714,194  74.61  Grand Total  2,861  100.00  933,802,074  100.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 23 MARCH 2023

| NAME OF SHAREHOLDER  NO. OF SHARES  % OF  SHAREHOLDINGS  1  ZHANG JIAN  138,331,000  14.81  2  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  71,655,754  7.67  3  LIU YUNHUA  43,020,300  4.61  4  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  34,974,200  3.75  5  UOB KAY HIAN PTE LTD  22,771,100  2.44  6  LIM BOK HOO  19,000,000  2.03  7  KOH YEW CHOO  17,106,600  1.83  8  ANG AH LEK @AN AH LEK  14,000,000  1.50  9  ZHAO XIN  13,773,000  1.47  10  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES (PRIVATE) LIMITED  13,590,800  1.46  11  ANG HAN KEONG (HONG HANQIANG)  13,494,600  1.45  12  WANG JUE  13,365,000  1.43  13  QUAK CHOON CHAI (GUO JUNCAI)  10,692,000  1.14  14  YIP KENG SOON  10,000,000  1.07  15  TAN LYE SENG  8,365,900  0.90  16  DENG RONG  7,692,000  0.82  17  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  7,559,800  0.81  18  SHIE YONG FAH  6,800,000  0.73  19  LYE KOON MOY  6,745,000  0.72  20  ONN ENG SIONG (WENG YONGXIONG)  6,000,000  0.64  TOTAL  478,937,054  51.28   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Ms Zhao Xin  Mr Chong Eng Wee  Date of Appointment  20 January 2020  30 June 2020  Date  of  l ast  re-appointment  (if applicable)  29 April 2021  29 April 2021  Age  33  43  Country of principal residence  Singapore  Singapore  The  Board's  comments  on  this  appointment  (including  rationale,  selection criteria, and the search and  nomination process)  The  re-election  of  Ms  Zhao  as  the  CEO  and  Executive  Director  of  the  Company was recommended by the  NC  and  the  Board  has  accepted  the  recommendation,  after  taking  into consideration her qualifications,  expertise,  past  experience  and  overall  contribution  since  she  was  appointed  as  a  Director  of  the  Company.  The re-election of Mr Chong as the  Non-Executive  and  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  was  recommended  by  the  NC  and  the  Board  has  accepted  the  recommendation,  after  taking  into  consideration  his  qualifications,  expertise,  past  experience  and  overall  contribution  since  he  was  appointed  as  a  Director  of  the  Company.  The Board considers Mr Chong to be  independent for the purpose of Rule  704(7) of the Catalist Rules.  Whether  appointment  is  executive,  and if so, the area of responsibility  Executive,  General  management,  overall  strategic  planning  and  direction of the Group  Non-Executive and Independent  Job Title (e.g. Lead ID, AC Chairman,  AC Member etc.)  CEO and Executive Director  Independent  Director,  Chairman  of  the  NC  and  RC,  and  a  member  of  the AC  Professional qualifications  Master  of  Social  Sciences  (China  and  Global  Governance),  Nanyang  Technological University  Master  of  Science  with  Merit  in  Professional Accountancy, University  of London  Bachelor  of  Science  in  Finance  and  Accounting  Management,  Northeastern University in the United  States  Program  f o r  Leadership  Development,  Harvard  Business  School  Advocate &amp; Solicitor, Supreme Court  of Singapore  Legal Practitioner, Supreme Court of  New South Wales, Australia  Barrister  &amp;  Solicitor,  High  Court  of  New Zealand  Solicitor  of  the  High  Court  of  Hong  Kong  Bachelor of Laws, Victoria University  of Wellington, New Zealand   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Ms Zhao Xin  Mr Chong Eng Wee  Working  experience  and  occupation(s)  during  the  past  10  years  2018 to 2020  Eminence Investment Pte Ltd  2014 to 2017  Manuli Fluiconneto Pte Ltd  August 2021 - Present  Managing  Director  and  Member  at  Chevalier Law LLC  October 2017 - July 2021  Partner  &amp;  Head  of  Corporate  at  Kennedys Legal Solutions Pte Ltd  July 2015 - October 2017  Partner  &amp;  Deputy  Head,  Capital  Markets  &amp;  International  China  Practice (South East Asia) at RHTLaw  Taylor Wessing LLP  April 2011 - June 2015  Associate Director &amp; Representative  of Shanghai Representative office at  Duane Morris &amp; Selvam LLP  Shareholding  interest  in  the  listed  issuer and its subsidiaries  Direct interest in 13,773,000 ordinary  shares  Nil  Any relationship (including immediate  family relationships) with any existing  director, existing executive officer, the  issuer and/or substantial shareholder  of  the  listed  issuer  or  of  any  of  its  principal subsidiaries  Nil  Nil  Conflict  of  interest  (including  any  competing business)  Nil  Nil  Undertaking (in the format set out in  Appendix 7H) under Rule 720(1) has  been submitted to the listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Other Principal Commitments including Directorships  Past Directorship (for the last 5 years)  Eminence Investment Pte Ltd  CW Group Holdings Limited  Innopac Holdings Limited  Kennedys Legal Solutions Pte Ltd  Legal Solutions LLC  Wish  Hospitality  Holdings  Private  Limited  Wish Health Management  (Shanghai) Co. Ltd.  KTL Global Limited  Kingsblade Asia Pte. Ltd.  Present Directorship  Director, OEL Group of Companies  Chevalier Law LLC  Chevalier CS Pte. Ltd.  GS Holdings Limited  Heatec Jietong Holdings Ltd.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Ms Zhao Xin  Mr Chong Eng Wee  Disclose the following matters concerning an appointment of director. If the answer to any question is  'yes', full details must be given.  (a)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  bankruptcy  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  filed  against  him  or  against  a  partnership  of  which  he  was  a  partner at the time when he was  a partner or at any time within 2  years from the date he ceased to  be a partner?  No  No  (b)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last  10  years,  an  application  or  a  petition  under  any  law  of  any  jurisdiction  was  filed  against  an  entity  (not  being  a  partnership)  of  which  he  was  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or  a  key  executive,  at  the  time  when  he  was  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person or a key executive of that  entity or at any time within 2 years  from the date he ceased to be a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  or a key executive of that entity,  for  the  winding up or dissolution  of that entity or, where that entity  is the trustee of a business trust,  that business trust, on the ground  of insolvency?  No  No  (c)  Whether  there  is  any  unsatisfied  judgment against him?  No  No  (d)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore or elsewhere, involving  fraud  or  dishonesty  which  is  punishable  with  imprisonment,  or  has  been  the  subject  of  any  criminal  proceedings  (including  any pending criminal proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such  purpose?  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Ms Zhao Xin  Mr Chong Eng Wee  (e)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  of  any  offence,  in  Singapore or elsewhere, involving  a breach of any law or regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  has  been the subject of any criminal  proceedings  (including  any  pending  criminal  proceedings  of  which  he  is  aware)  for  such  breach?  No  No  (f)  Whether  at  any  time  during  the  last 10 years, judgment has been  entered  against  him  in  any  civil  proceedings  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere  involving  a  breach  of  any law or regulatory requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  or  a  finding  of  fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on  his  part,  or  he  has  been  the  subject  of  any  civil  proceedings  (including  any  pending  civil  proceedings of which he is aware)  involving  an  allegation  of  fraud,  misrepresentation  or  dishonesty  on his part?  No  No  (g)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  convicted  i n  Singapore  or  elsewhere  of  any  offence  in  connection  with  the  formation  or  management  of  any  entity  or  business trust?  No  No  (h)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  disqualified  from  acting  as  a  director  or  an  equivalent  person  of any entity (including the trustee  of  a  business  trust),  or  from  taking part directly or indirectly in  the management of any entity or  business trust?  No  No   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Ms Zhao Xin  Mr Chong Eng Wee  (i)  Whether  he  has  ever  been  the  subject  of  any  order,  judgment  or ruling of any court, tribunal or  governmental body, permanently  or temporarily enjoining him from  engaging in any type of business  practice or activity?  No  No  (j)  Whether  he  has  ever,  to  his  knowledge, been concerned with  the  management  or  conduct,  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere,  of  the  affairs of:  No  No  (i)  any  corporation  which  has  been investigated for a breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  r e q u i r e m e n t  governing  corporations  in  Singapore  or  elsewhere; or  No  No  (ii)  any  entity  (not  being  a  corporation)  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such  entities  i n  Singapore  or  elsewhere; or  No  No  (iii)  any  business  trust  which has  been investigated for a breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  r e q u i r e m e n t  governing  business  trusts  in  Singapore  or elsewhere; or  No  No  (iv) any  entity  or  business  trust  which  has  been  investigated  for  a  breach  of  any  law  or  regulatory  requirement  that  relates  to  the  securities  or  futures  industry  in  Singapore  or elsewhere,  No  No  in connection with any matter occurring or arising during that period when he was so concerned with the entity or business trust?   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Name of Director  Ms Zhao Xin  Mr Chong Eng Wee  (k)  Whether he has been the subject  of any current or past investigation  or  disciplinary  proceedings,  or  has been reprimanded or issued  any  warning,  by  the  Monetary  Authority  of  Singapore  or  any  other  regulatory  authority,  exchange,  professional  body  or  government  agency,  whether  in  Singapore or elsewhere?  No  No  Disclosure applicable to the appointment of Director only  Any  prior  experience  as  a  director  of an issuer listed on the Exchange?  If  yes,  please  provide  details  of  prior  experience.  If  no,  please  state  if  the  director  has  attended  or  will  be  attending  training  on  the  roles  and  responsibilities  of  a  director  of  a  listed  issuer  as  prescribed  by  the  Exchange.  Please  provide  details  of  relevant  experience  and  the  nominating  committee's  reasons  for  not  requiring  the  director  to  undergo  training  as  prescribed  by  the Exchange (if applicable).  Not  applicable.  These  disclosures  are in respect of the re-election of a  Director of the Company.  Not  applicable.  These  disclosures  are in respect of the re-election of a  Director of the Company.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of the Company will be held by way of physical means at  8  Commonwealth Lane, #02-04 Grande Building, Singapore 149555 on Thursday, 27 April 2023, at 10 a.m. to transact the following businesses:

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and the Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, together with the Independent Auditor's Report thereon.

[Resolution 1]

2. To  re-elect  the  following  Directors  of  the  Company  who  are  retiring  pursuant  to  the following regulations of the Company's Constitution, and, being eligible, offer themselves for re-election:

| Ms Zhao Xin  ( pursuant to Regulations 87 and 89 )  [Resolution 2]  Mr Chong Eng Wee  ( pursuant to Regulations 87 and 89 )  [Resolution 3]   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[See Explanatory Note (i)]

3. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  fees  of  S$180,000  for  the  financial  year  ending 31 December 2023, to be paid quarterly in arrears (FY2022: S$180,000).

[Resolution 4]

4. To re-appoint PKF-CAP LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix their remuneration. [Resolution 5]
5. To transact any other business which may be properly transacted at an Annual General Meeting.

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without modifications:

6. AUTHORITY TO ALLOT AND ISSUE SHARES AND CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES [Resolution 6]

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Companies Act ')  and Rule 806 of Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist (the ' Catalist Rules ') of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST '), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- (a) (i) issue  shares  in  the  Company  (' Shares ')  whether  by  way  of  rights,  bonus  or otherwise; and/or
- (ii) make  or  grant  offers,  agreements  or  options  (collectively,  'Instruments')  that might  or  would  require  Shares  to  be  issued,  including  but  not  limited  to  the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures or other instruments convertible into Shares,

at any time and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes and to such persons as the Directors of the Company may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (b) notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Shares pursuant to any Instruments made or granted by the Directors of the Company while this Resolution was in force,

provided that:

- (1) the  aggregate  number  of  shares  (including  Shares  to  be  issued  pursuant  of  the Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued pursuant to this Resolution shall not exceed one hundred per centum (100%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below), of which the aggregate number of Shares (including Shares to be issued pursuant of the Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders of the Company shall not exceed fifty per centum (50%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company (as calculated in accordance with sub-paragraph (2) below);
- (2) (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the purpose of determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (1) above, the percentage of issued Shares shall be calculated based on  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
3. (a) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
4. (b) new Shares arising  from  exercising  share  options  or  vesting  of  share  awards which are outstanding or subsisting at the time of passing of this Resolution, provided the share options or share awards (as the case may be) were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and
5. (c) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares.
- (3) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST) and the Constitution of the Company; and
- (4) unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, such authority shall continue  in  force  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  Annual  General  Meeting  of  the Company or the date by which the next Annual General Meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

[See Explanatory Note (ii)]

On Behalf of the Board

Zhao Xin Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Singapore, 12 April 2023

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Explanatory Notes on Resolutions to be passed:

- (i) Ms Zhao Xin will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director.

Mr Chong Eng Wee will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as an Independent Director, the Chairman of the Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee. He will be considered independent for the purposes of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.

- (ii) The Ordinary Resolution 6 proposed in item 6 above, if passed, will empower the Directors of the Company, effective until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to issue Shares, make or grant Instruments convertible into Shares and to issue Shares pursuant to such Instruments, up to a number not exceeding, in total, one hundred per centum (100%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company, of which up to fifty per centum (50%) may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to shareholders of the Company.

For determining the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued, the percentage of issued Shares in the capital of the Company shall be calculated based on the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time this Ordinary Resolution 6 is passed after adjusting for new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities, or share options or vesting of share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time Ordinary Resolution 6 is passed and any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares.

## IMPORTANT NOTES FOR SHAREHOLDERS:

## No Virtual Attendance

1. The Annual General Meeting (the ' AGM ') will be held by way of physical means at 8 Commonwealth Lane, #02-04 Grande Building, Singapore 149555. Shareholders and their duly appointed proxy (or proxies) will not be able to attend the AGM by way of electronic means .

## Voting at the AGM and voting by proxy

2. Shareholders may cast their votes for each resolution at the AGM or appoint proxy or proxies (other than the Chairman of the AGM) to vote on their behalf at the AGM.
3. As an alternative to voting at the AGM in the foregoing manner, shareholders who wish to vote on any or all of the resolutions at the AGM may appoint the Chairman of the AGM to act as their proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM. All votes in the AGM will be taken on a poll.
4. If a shareholder wishes to appoint a proxy or proxies (including the Chairman of the AGM) to vote on their behalf at the AGM, duly executed Proxy Forms must be submitted in hard copy form or electronically via email:
4. (a) if submitted by post, to be deposited at the registered office of the Company at 80 Robinson Road, #11-02, Singapore 068898; or
5. (b) if submitted by way of electronic means, to be submitted via email in Portable Document Format (PDF) to the Company, at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com,

in either case, not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the holding of the AGM and/or any adjournment thereof . A shareholder who wishes to submit the Proxy Form must first download, complete and sign the Proxy Form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or by scanning and submitting it by way of electronic means via email to the email address provided above.

5. In appointing a proxy/proxies, shareholders should specifically indicate in the Proxy Form how they wish to vote for or vote against (or abstain from voting on) the resolution set out in the Notice of AGM, if no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion. Proxy or proxies (other than the Chairman of the AGM) appointed to vote on their behalf at the AGM and the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, need not be a member or members of the Company. The accompanying proxy form to the Notice of AGM may be downloaded from the Company's announcement on the SGX website accessible at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website accessible at the URL https://www.ohldg.com/announcement.
6. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit the completed and signed Proxy Forms by way of electronic means via email. Any incomplete proxy form will be rejected by the Company.

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

7. The Proxy Form must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing and where such instrument is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of its attorney or a duly authorised officer. Where a Proxy Form is signed on behalf of the appointer by an attorney, the power of attorney (or other authority) or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the instrument of proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
8. A corporation which is a member may authorise by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the AGM, in accordance with its Constitution and Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, and the person so authorised shall upon production of a copy of such resolution certified by a director of the corporation to be a true copy, be entitled to exercise the powers on behalf of the corporation so represented as the corporation could exercise in person if it were an individual.

## Submission of Questions

9. Shareholders who have questions in relation to any agenda item in this notice of AGM can submit their questions to the Company in advance, by 10 a.m. on Thursday, 20 April 2023 , through any of the following means:
2. (a) by email to cosec@chevalierlawllc.com; or
3. (b) by post, to be deposited with Complete Corporate Services Pte Ltd at 10 Anson Road, #11-03 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.

Shareholders must identify themselves when posting questions through email or mail by providing the following details:

- (a) Full Name;
- (b) Contact Telephone Number;
- (c) Email Address; and
- (d) The manner in which you hold shares (if you hold shares directly, please provide your CDP account number; otherwise, please state whether you hold your shares through CPF or SRS, or a Relevant Intermediary (as defined below)).
10. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit their questions via email. The Company will endeavour to respond to all substantial and relevant questions (as may be determined by the Company in its sole discretion) from shareholders submitted in advance via an announcement on SGXNet at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website at the URL https://www.ohldg.com/announcement no later than 48 hours before the deadline for the submission of the Proxy Form. The Company will also address any subsequent clarifications sought, or follow-up questions, prior to, or at, the AGM in respect of substantial and relevant matters.
11. Shareholders and their duly appointed proxy or proxies will also be able to ask questions relating to the resolutions at the AGM.  The  Company  will  endeavour  to  respond  to  and  address  substantial  and  relevant  questions  as  far  as  reasonably practicable during the AGM. Where there are substantially similar questions, the Company will consolidate such questions and consequently not all questions may be individually addressed.

## Voting at the AGM by persons holding shares through a Relevant Intermediary and CPF/SRS Investors

12. Persons who hold shares through Relevant Intermediaries (as defined below), including CPF and SRS investors, and who wish to participate in the AGM by: (a) submitting questions in advance of the AGM in the manner provided above; and/or (b) voting at  the  AGM  if  they  are  appointed  as  proxies  by  their  respective  CPF  Agent  Banks  and  SRS  Operators  or  appointing  the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to attend speak and vote on their behalf at the AGM, should contact the Relevant Intermediary (which would include, in the case of CPF and SRS investors, their respective CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators) through which they hold such shares as soon as possible in order to facilitate the necessary arrangements for them to participate in the AGM.
13. CPF and SRS Investors may attend and vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF agent banks or SRS operators and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies. CPF and SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as their proxy, should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM.

<!-- image -->

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## 14. A ' Relevant Intermediary ' is:

- (a) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (b) a person holding a capital markets services licence to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (c) the Central Provident Fund Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953 of Singapore, in respect of shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that Act providing for the making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the Central Provident Fund, if the Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.

## FY2022 ANNUAL REPORT

15. Copies of the documents and information relating to the AGM (including the Annual Report for FY2022, Notice of AGM and the accompanying Proxy Form) have been made available on SGXNet and the Company's corporate website and may be accessed at the following URLs:
2. (a) https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements; or
3. (b) the Company's corporate website at https://www.ohldg.com/announcement.

Printed  copies  of  the  FY2022  Annual  Report,  this  Notice  of  AGM  and  the  Proxy  Form  will  not  be  despatched  to  Shareholders. Shareholders are advised to check the SGX-ST website and/or the Company's corporate website regularly for updates.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

' Personal data ' in this notice of AGM has the same meaning as 'personal data' in the Personal Data Protection Act 2012, which includes your name, address and NRIC/Passport number. By submitting (a) questions relating to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM; and/or (c) an instrument appointing proxy or proxies to vote at the AGM and/or any adjournment thereof, a Shareholder of the Company hereby (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers including any organisations the Company has engaged to perform any function related to the AGM) for the purposes of addressing any selected questions submitted by the member and following up with the member where necessary, and responding to, handling, and processing queries and requests from the member, processing and administration by the Company (or its agents or service providers including any organisations the Company has engaged to perform any function related to the AGM) of  proxy  forms  appointing  proxy  or  proxies  (including  any  adjournment  thereof),  and  the  preparation,  compilation  and  disclosure (as application) of the attendance lists, minutes, questions from members and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents or service providers including any organisations the Company has engaged to perform any function related to the AGM) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively, the ' Purposes '), and (ii) warrants that where the member discloses the personal data of the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents or service providers), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents or service providers) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

Photographic, sound and/or video recordings at the AGM may be made by the Company for record keeping and to ensure the accuracy of the minutes prepared of the AGM. Accordingly, the personal data of a member of the Company (such as his name, his presence at the AGM and any questions he may raise or motions he propose/second) may be recorded by the Company for such purpose.

This notice has been prepared by the Company and its contents have been reviewed by the Company's sponsor, Evolve Capital Advisory Private Limited (' Sponsor '), for compliance with the relevant rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ').

This notice has not been examined or approved by the SGX-ST and the SGX-ST assumes no responsibility for the contents of this notice, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this notice.

The details of the contact person for the Sponsor are:-

Name :

Mr Jerry Chua (Registered Professional, Evolve Capital Advisory Private Limited)

Address :

138 Robinson Road, Oxley Tower, #13-02, Singapore 068906

Tel :

(65) 6241 6626

## OEL (HOLDINGS) LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

(Company Registration No. 198403368H)

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

## IMPORTANT

1. The Annual General Meeting (' AGM ' or the ' Meeting ') to be held on Thursday, 27 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. is being convened, and will be held, by physical means at 8 Commonwealth Lane, #02-04 Grande Building, Singapore 149555. Shareholders and their duly appointed proxy (or proxies) will not be able to attend the AGM by way of electronic means.
2. Shareholders and proxies will be able to attend the AGM in person and may cast their votes in real time for each resolution to be tabled at the AGM. Alternatively, shareholders may appoint the Chairman of the Meeting as his/her/its proxy to attend, speak and vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM. If no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion.
3. CPF and SRS investors may attend and vote at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies. This proxy form is not for use by Supplementary Retirement Scheme (' SRS ') investors and Central Provident Fund (' CPF ') investors. For CPF and SRS investors, who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as their proxy, they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks and SRS Operators to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM.
4. By submitting this proxy form, the shareholder accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 12 April 2023.
5. Please read the notes overleaf which contain instructions on, inter alia , the appointment of the Chairman of the Meeting (or any person other the Chairman of the Meeting) as a shareholder's proxy to vote on his/her/its behalf at the AGM.

I/We* (Name) (NRIC/Passport No./Company Registration No.) of (Address) being a member/members of OEL (HOLDINGS) LIMITED (the ' Company ') hereby appoint:

Proportion of

Shareholding (%)

Name

Email Address

NRIC/Passport No.

or failing whom, the Chairman of the Meeting as my/our* proxy to attend and to vote for me/us* on my/our* behalf at the AGM of the Company to be held at 8 Commonwealth Lane, #02-04 Grande Building, Singapore 149555 on Thursday, 27 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof.

*I/We direct my/our* proxy/proxies* to vote for, against or abstain from voting on the Resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder. If no specific direction as to voting is given or in the event of any other matter arising at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof, my/our* proxy/proxies* may vote or abstain from voting at his or her discretion.

Please indicate  your  vote  'For',  'Against'  or  'Abstain'  with  an  'X'  within  the  boxes  provided  below.  Alternatively,  please indicate the number of votes as appropriate. If you mark the abstain box for a particular resolution, you are directing your proxy not to vote on that resolution on a poll and your votes will not be counted in computing the required majority on a poll.

| No.  Ordinary Resolutions Relating To:  For  Against  Abstain  1.  Adoption  of  the  Directors'  Statement  and  the  Audited  Financial  Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December  2022, together with the Independent Auditor's Report thereon  2.  Re-election of Ms Zhao Xin as a Director of the Company  3.  Re-election of Mr Chong Eng Wee as a Director of the Company  4.  Approval of Directors' fees of S$180,000 for the financial year ending  31 December 2023, payable quarterly in arrears  5.  Re-appointment  of  PKF-CAP  LLP  as  auditors  of  the  Company  and  authority to Directors to fix their remuneration  6.  Authority  to  allot  and  issue  new  shares  or  convertible  securities  pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Delete whichever not applicable.

Dated this day of 2023

Signature(s) of Shareholder(s) or Common Seal of Corporate Shareholder

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ NOTES OVERLEAF

Total Number of Shares

(a)  CDP Register

(b)  Register of Members

No. of Shares

## NOTES:-

1. Please insert the total number of shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined in Section 81SF of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore), you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and shares registered in your name in the Register of Members, you should insert the aggregate number of shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and registered in your name in the Register of Members. If no number is inserted, the instrument appointing proxy/proxies/Chairman of the Meeting shall be deemed to relate to all the shares held by you.
2. A shareholder who is not a Relevant Intermediary (as defined below) is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM. Where such shareholder's Proxy Form appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of his/her/its shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the Proxy Form. If no proportion is specified, the Company shall be entitled to treat the first named proxy as representing the entire shareholding and any second named proxy as an alternate to the first named or at the Company's option to treat this Proxy Form as invalid. A shareholder who is a Relevant Intermediary (as defined below) is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such shareholder. Where such shareholder's Proxy Form appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the Proxy Form.
3. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies to vote on the shareholder's behalf at the AGM, duly executed, must be submitted in hard copy form or electronically via email to the Company in the following manner:
4. (a) if submitted by post, to be mailed to Complete Corporate Services Pte Ltd at 10 Anson Road, #29-07 International Plaza, Singapore 079903; or
5. (b) if submitted electronically, be submitted via email to the Company, at oel-agm@complete-corp.com,

in either case by 10 a.m. on Tuesday, 25 April 2023 (being not less than forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for the holding of the AGM). A shareholder who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

4. In  appointing  the  Chairman  of  the  AGM  as  proxy  (or  any  person  other  than  the  Chairman),  shareholders  should  specifically  indicate  in  the Proxy Form how they wish to vote for or vote against (or abstain from voting on) the resolution set out in the Notice of AGM, if no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her discretion. Proxy or proxies (other than the Chairman of the AGM) appointed to vote on their behalf at the AGM and the Chairman of the AGM as proxy, need not be a member or members of the  Company. The accompanying proxy form to the Notice of AGM may be downloaded from the Company's announcement on the SGX website accessible at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and the Company's website accessible at the URL https://www.ohldg.com/announcement.
5. Persons who hold shares through Relevant Intermediaries (as defined below), including CPF and SRS investors, and who wish to participate in the AGM by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to attend speak and vote on their behalf at the AGM, should contact the Relevant Intermediary  (which  would  include,  in  the  case  of  CPF  and  SRS  investors,  their  respective  CPF  agent  banks  and  SRS  approved  banks  or depository agents) through which they hold such shares as soon as possible in order to facilitate the necessary arrangements for them to participate in the AGM. CPF and SRS investors who wish to appoint the Chairman of the AGM as their proxy should approach their respective CPF agent banks and SRS approved banks or depository agents to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM (i.e. by Monday, 17 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m.).
6. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the instrument appointing a proxy is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of any officer or attorney duly authorised. Where this instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is signed on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the power of attorney or a notarially certified copy thereof (failing previous registration with the Company) must be lodged with this instrument of proxy, failing which this instrument of proxy may be treated as invalid.
7. A corporation which is a member may authorize by resolution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks fit to act as its representative at the AGM, in accordance with its constitution and Section 179 of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, and the person so authorized shall upon production of a copy of such resolution certified by a director of the corporation to be a true copy, be entitled to exercise the powers on behalf of the corporation so represented the corporation could exercise in person if it were an individual.

Shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email.

## A ' Relevant Intermediary ' is:

- (a) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act 1970 of Singapore or a wholly owned subsidiary of such a banking corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee services and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (b) a person holding a capital markets services licence to provide custodial services for securities under the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of Singapore and who holds shares in that capacity; or
- (c) the Central Provident Fund Board established by the Central Provident Fund Act 1953 of Singapore, in respect of shares purchased under the subsidiary legislation made under that Act providing for the making of investments from the contributions and interest standing to the credit of members of the Central Provident Fund, if the Board holds those shares in the capacity of an intermediary pursuant to or in accordance with that subsidiary legislation.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By submitting this proxy form, the member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 12 April 2023.

## GENERAL

The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed or illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies (including any related attachment) (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument appointing a proxy or proxies). In addition, in the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged if the shareholder being the appointor, is not shown to have shares entered against his/her/its name in the Depository Register as at forty-eight (48) hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->