<!-- image -->

## ORIENT GREEN POWER COMPANY LIMITED

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022-23

## CONTENTS

| Chairman's Message  2  Management Discussion and Analysis  7  Director's Report  12  Report on Corporate Governance  33  General Shareholder Information  48  Business Responsibility &amp; Sustainability Report  60  Independent Auditor's Report on Consolidated Financial Statements  89  Consolidated Balance Sheet  96  Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss  98  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  100  Consolidated Cash Flow Statement  101  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  104  Independent Auditor's Report on Standalone Financial Statements  154  Standalone Balance Sheet  164  Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss  166  Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity  168  Standalone Cash Flow Statement  169  Notes to Standalone Financial Statements  172   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## CHAIRMAN'S MESSAGE

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

On  behalf  of  the  Board  of  Directors,  I  am  pleased to  present  to  you  the  Orient  Green  Power  Company Limited  Annual  Report  for  the  financial  year  ended March 31, 2023.

This year saw geopolitical uncertainty with the prolonged Russia-Ukraine conflict and economic challenges leading to disruptions in the global supply chain and elevated inflation with increase in commodity and  energy  prices.  Current  estimates  project  global recovery in the second half of 2023, with moderation in inflation and re-opening of the Chinese economy.

India  is  the  third-largest  producer  and  consumer  of electricity worldwide, with an installed power capacity of 415.4 GW as of March, 2023.

India stands 4th globally in Renewable Energy Installed Capacity  (including  Large  Hydro),  4th  in  Wind  Power capacity &amp; 4th in Solar Power capacity.

The country has set an enhanced target at the COP26 of 500 GW of non-fossil fuel-based energy by 2030. This has been a key pledge under the Panchamrit. This is the world's largest expansion plan in renewable energy.

The Government of India has fixed a target of 500 GW of Renewable Energy by 2030 out of which 140 GW will be  from  Wind.  The  Wind  Potential  in  India  was  first estimated by National Institute of Wind Energy (NIWE) at 50m hub-height at 49 GW and the potential has been re-estimated  as  695  GW  at  120  meter  height.  One  of the  major  advantages  of  wind  energy  is  its  inherent strength to support rural employment and uplift of rural economy.  Further,  unlike  all  other  sources  of  power, wind energy does not consume any water-which in itself will become a scarce commodity. Overall the future of Wind Energy in India is bright as energy security and self-sufficiency  is  identified  as  the  major  driver.  The biggest advantage with wind energy is that the fuel is free, and also it doesn't produce CO2 emission.

FY  23  is  a  moderate  one  for  your  Company  in  terms of  wind  availability  with  a  dip  in  generation.  FY  22 witnessed a one-time income of Rs. 25 crore due to resumption in REC trading. Adjusting this, the EBITDA comparable for the  year  is  marginally  lower  by  Rs.86 lakhs, despite lower generation.

In  addition  to  the  above,  Our  efforts  to  reduce  the finance  cost  and  prompt  loan  servicing  resulted  in improved ratings and helped us in refinancing Rs. 721 crores of debt at reduced rate of interest from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency (IREDA) Limited  and  the  disbursement  is  received  during April 2023.The ~300 bps interest rate reduction from  the  refinancing  will  provide  significant  interest savings for  the  future.  In  addition,  the  Late  Payment Surcharge (LPS) scheme introduced by the Ministry of Power helped in realizing the long pending dues from State  owned  discoms.  These  positive  attributes  are expected to improve our cash flows and enable us to focus on capacity expansion.

Looking  ahead,  the  business  is  set  to  expand  in  the renewable space and create value to the shareholders.

On behalf of the Board and on my own behalf, I place on record my appreciation and gratitude to our customers, shareholders, employees, government and bankers for their continued support and the confidence they have reposed in the Company.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr. K S Sripathi - Chairman

Mr. T. Shivaraman - Managing Director &amp; CEO

Mr. P. Krishna Kumar

Mr. R. Ganapathi

Ms. Chandra Ramesh

Ms. Sannovanda Swathi Machaiah

Mr. R. Sundararajan

## CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER

Ms. J. Kotteswari

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. M. Kirithika

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. R.Kannan

Mr. V Jayanarayanan

## COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. R.Ganapathi

Mr. K S Sripathi

Mr. R.Sundararajan

Ms. Chandra Ramesh

Ms. Sannovanda Swathi Machaiah

## STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP COMMITTEE

Mr. R.Ganapathi

Mr. R.Sundararajan

Mr. T. Shivaraman

## NOMINATION &amp; REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. R.Ganapathi

Mr. R.Sundararajan

Ms. Chandra Ramesh

## REGISTRAR &amp; SHARE TRANSFER AGENT

Cameo Corporate Services Limited 'Subramanian Building' No.1, Club House Road, Chennai 600002.

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai 600017

Ph: 044-49015678 Fax: 044-49015655

Corporate Identity Number: L40108TN2006PLC061665

E-Mail :

complianceofficer@orientgreenpower.com

Website : www.orientgreenpower.com

## BANKERS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS

Axis Bank

City Union Bank

EXIM Bank

ICICI Bank Ltd

Yes Bank Ltd

IDFC Bank

SREI Equipment Finance Limited

Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited

## STATUTORY AUDITOR

M/s. G.D.Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants, Mumbai

## SECRETARIAL AUDITOR

M/s. M. Alagar &amp; Associates, Practising Company Secretaries, Chennai

<!-- image -->

## Board of Directors

Mr. K S Sripathi

(Chairman, Independent Director)

Mr. R. Sundararajan

<!-- image -->

(Non - Executive, Non - Independent Director)

<!-- image -->

Mr. R. Sundararajan, Director of the Company since January 2010. He is graduated as a Mechanical Engineer  from  the  Jadhavpur  University,  Calcutta.  Further,  he  completed  his  Master  of  Business Administration degree from the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. He is also a Chartered Engineer and Associate of the Insurance Institute of India. With a career spanning over three decades, he  has  hands  on  experience  in  pharmaceutical  marketing,  pharmaceutical  projects  and  setting  up foreign collaboration ventures in India.

Mr. R. Sundararajan holds 64,846 equity shares of the Company and he is not related to any Director or Employee of the Company.

Mr. R. Ganapathi (Non- Executive, Independent Director)

<!-- image -->

Mr.  R.  Ganapathi,  has  been  our  Director  since  February  29,  2008.  He  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  in technology from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras. At present he is the Chairman and Executive Director of Trigyn Technologies Limited and he turnaround the loss making company into profit making company under his leadership. He is also a fellow member of the Indian Institute of Foreign Trade. He has been associated with Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd and Best &amp; Crompton Engineering Limited. He is actively involved in execution of welfare projects undertaken by Rotary Clubs and was Governor of Rotary International. He also served on the Board of IG3 Infra Limited and IL&amp;FS Technologies Limited among others. He was the past President of SICCI (Southern India Chamber of Commerce and Industry) and is a member of the Executive Committee of FICCI.

Mr. R. Ganapathi doesn't hold any equity shares of the Company and he is not related to any Director or Employee of the Company.

Mr. K S Sripathi is an Independent Director and Chairman of our Company since November 2022. He holds a master's degree in science from University of Madras and a master's degree in business administration from University of Ljubljana. He is a retired officer of the Indian Administrative Service and has held various responsibilities for the state of Tamil Nadu such as, Director and Joint Secretary in the Ministry of Urban Development, Vigilance Commissioner and State Chief Information Commissioner. He currently holds a directorship on the board of directors of Trigyn Technologies Limited.

Mr. K S Sripathi does not hold any equity shares of the Company and he is not related to any Director or Employee of  the Company.

Mr. P. Krishna Kumar

(Non- Executive, Non - Independent Director)

<!-- image -->

Mr.  P.  Krishna  Kumar,  was  Managing Director of our Company from 2008 until September 2013 and continues to be in the Board of our Company as a Non-Executive Director. From September 2013 to September 2017 he was Managing Director of Leitwind Shriram Manufacturing Private  Limited  and continues to be in their Board as Non-Executive Director. He holds a bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering from Alagappa Chettiar College of Engineering &amp; Technology, Madurai Kamaraj University, with  about  43  years  of  industrial  experience  in  Sales  and  Marketing  and  International  Business Development and as the 'Profit Centre Head' of Business Units. Prior to joining our Company, he was associated with the Murugappa Group and Comcraft Group of Chandarias for about 30 years. He is also in the Board of Nihan Technologies an IT Services Company - part of Comcraft Group in Chennai.

Mr.  P.  Krishna  Kumar  does  not  hold  any  equity  shares  of  the  Company  and  he  is  not  related  to  any

Director or Employee of the Company.

Ms. Chandra Ramesh

(Non-Executive and Independent Director)

<!-- image -->

Mrs. Chandra Ramesh, is an FCA, ACS, AICWA, PGDM (IIM-A) and LICENTIATE IN INSURANCE. She started her professional journey with IDL Chemicals Ltd., a part of the Swedish Nobel Group in the areas of Cost and Management Accounting, budgeting and systems. She moved over to TAFE Ltd. as Executive assistant to the Chairman of the Amalgamations Group and thereafter had a stint with Tamilnad Hospitals Ltd. as Vice President Finance and Company Secretary where she handled the IPO of the NRI doctors promoted company and tied up the complete project finance with Financial Institutions. Her next move was to India Securities Ltd. an Essar Group Company where her job profile included Investment banking, lease / HP Financing, project counseling and Advisory services, corporate secretarial functions, etc. Bitten by the entrepreneurial bug, she started off as an independent financial consultant under the brand name of

C.R. Financial Consultants. As a logical extension to the consultancy, she took membership in the Bangalore Stock Exchange and also promoted C.R. Finance &amp; Securities (P) Ltd. in 1994 and obtained membership of National Stock Exchange.

She was the Managing Director and CEO of Bharat Re-Insurance Brokers (P) Ltd., till August 2008 and was actively involved in the insurance and re-insurance broking space with extensive international networking and exposure. She also has in depth exposure in direct insurance broking as CEO of Armour Consultants (P) Ltd.

Mrs. Chandra Ramesh was co-opted as an additional director on the Board of IFIN (IFCI Financial Services Ltd., a subsidiary of IFCI Ltd.) and appointed as the Managing Director of IFIN with effect from 1st September, 2008 when C R Finance &amp; Securities (P) Ltd. promoted by her was merged with IFIN. As Managing Director of IFIN, she had, in three years, grown the company from one branch to over 50 branches,  from nil sub-brokers to over 350, from 1000 clients to 25000 and from 12 Institutional empanelment to over 60. With a Pan-India presence, IFIN established itself as one of the leading players in the industry. She resigned from IFIN in December, 2011.

She then established Procap Financial Services (P) Ltd. In February, 2012 which is into stock broking, investment advisory and corporate insurance advisory. She has over the last decade taken a deep interest in technical analysis of the equity markets and has extensively researched the Indian stock and commodity markets. She was till recently on the Board of Helios and Matheson Information Technology Limited as an independent director and continues to be a Director in Bharat Re-Insurance Brokers (P) Ltd as an independent Director and a promoter Director of Procap Financial Services (P) Ltd. and Procap Commodities (P) Ltd.

Mrs. Chandra Ramesh holds 10,000 equity shares of the Company and she is not related to any Director or Employee of the Company.

<!-- image -->

## Ms. Sannovanda Swathi Machaiah

(Non-Executive and Independent Director)

<!-- image -->

Ms.  Sannovanda  Swathi  Machaiah  holds  Bachelor's  degree  in  Science  (Agriculture  [Gold  Medalist]), Master's degree in science (Agriculture Economics as Specialization) and MBA (Finance). She is also a Certified Associate of Indian Institute of Bankers. During her academic's she has received 12 Gold Medals at  Under  Graduate  Level  &amp;  1st  rank  holder  for  the  state  of  Karnataka,  1979,  University  of  Agriculture Science, Bangalore.

Ms. Sannovanda Swathi Machaiah is having rich experience of 37 years in Banking at Corporation Bank upto General Manager level and at Bharatiya Mahila Bank as an Executive Director &amp; acting MD and as an advisor, Deputy Managing Director level at State Bank of India at the time of retirement. She worked at  field  level,  administrative  level  and  board  level  with  rich  experience  in  rural  banking,  commercial banking and social banking. She has become Chairman Club Member 8 times, SOGian Awardee 6 times, Best Branch Awardee 2 times and Asset Recovery Awardee 3 times. She was the First lady executive of

Corporation Bank after 102 years of its existence.

Ms. Sannovanda Swathi Machaiah has Strong ability to determine company policies and review organization's goals, also to work under pressure and time constraints with analytical approach. Ability to manage large number of employees working at different geographical area pan India. In Corporation Bank, she headed Delhi Circle comprising of 7 zones comprising of 450 branches and around 5000 employees and Excellent Team Management with communication and interpersonal skills, ability to promote the values throughout the organization.

Ms.  Sannovanda Swathi Machaiah does not hold any equity shares of the Company and she is not related to any Director or Employee of the Company.

## Mr. T.Shivaraman

(Managing Director &amp; CEO, Executive, Non-Independent Director)

<!-- image -->

Mr. T Shivaraman, aged 56 years, was appointed as the Director of our Company on January 28, 2010 and he has been appointed as Managing Director &amp; CEO with effect from March 30, 2022. He has a bachelor's degree in Chemical Engineering and master's degree in Mechanical Engineering from Indian Institute of Technology, Madras. He has about 30 plus years of experience in plant operations and project engineering. He was also the managing director and the chief executive officer of SEPC Limited. He was instrumental in taking SEPC to the public issue during the year 2008 with a market capitalisation of Rs 12,680 million. He was responsible for finalising joint ventures with Hamon Shriram Cottrell Private Limited, 'Cie' and 'Leitner Technologies', among others.

Mr. T. Shivaraman was one of the founders of our Company. Prior to joining SEPC, he was associated with ICI India Limited.

Mr. T. Shivaraman holds 2,33,500 equity shares of the Company and he is not related to any Director or Employee of the Company.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Global Economy Overview

Global economic growth slowed down to 3.4% in 2022 as per International  Monetary  Fund  (World  Economic  Outlook  Apr 2023) compared to 6.2% in 2021. The year saw geopolitical uncertainty with the prolonged Russia-Ukraine conflict and economic  challenges  leading  to  disruptions  in  the  global supply chain and elevated inflation with increase in commodity and energy prices. This prompted central banks to aggressively tighten their monetary policy, which further impacted economic activity.

Analysts estimate that 2023 will continue to see the above issues playing out leading to a further slowdown in economic growth and a mild recession in the UK and certain parts of the Euro zone. The UK has been impacted by an increase in costof  living,  dampening  household's  purchasing  power  and consumption, as well as fiscal and monetary policy. Current estimates project global recovery in the second half of 2023, with moderation in inflation and re-opening of the Chinese economy. We have already started seeing cooling-off of fuel and  commodity  prices  as  well  as  global  container  freight rates.

However, risks remain to this outlook with the stress seen in banking systems in the US and Europe in the last few months, potentially  getting  aggravated  with  extended  high  inflation levels and triggering further rounds of rate hikes adversely impacting the business environment. There is also continued uncertainty  on  a  resolution  of  the  Russia-Ukraine  conflict further impacting energy markets and disrupting the supply demand balance.

## Indian Economy Overview

Despite global volatility, the Indian economy grew by 6.8% in 2022 - making it the fifth largest economy globally in terms of nominal GDP (US dollars). This growth has been supported by reduction  in  Covid-19  cases  leading  to  opening  up  of  the economy,  expansion  of  manufacturing  footprint  by  both global  and  Indian  firms,  aided  by  Government  policies  (eg Production  Linked  Incentive  (PLI)  Scheme,  PM  Gati  Shakti, corporate  tax  cuts),  capex  recovery;  and  cyclical  upturn  in many sectors (eg. Banking, Auto). India's digital infrastructure has strengthened in the last few years and the widespread adoption of real-time digital payments is estimated to have unlocked 0.56% of GDP.

However,  inflation  headwinds  were  also  felt  by  the  Indian economy with increase in crude oil prices and we saw interest rate hikes from the Reserve Bank of India to control inflation. The Indian rupee weakness against the US dollar also added to the inflationary pressures.

According to the International Monetary Fund, Indian economy is projected to deliver  robust  growth  of  5.9%  for 2023, highest amongst the emerging economies, driven by strong  domestic  demand  and  healthy  consumption  growth supported by an improvement in labour market conditions, increasing  consumer  confidence,  an  expected  recovery  in rural demand and higher purchasing power with moderating of inflation. In the Union Budget for FY2023-24, the government announced a 33% increase in capex allocation to INR 10 trillion, which is expected to boost private investments. The Budget has also targeted a lower fiscal deficit in FY202324  at  5.9%  and  the  government  has  committed  to  bring  it down to below 4.5% by FY2025-26.

Global  economic  outlook  remain  weak  impacting  exports, with higher volatility in food and crude oil prices, slowdown in private consumption and aggressive monetary tightening by global central banks to moderate inflation.

## Indian Power Sector Overview 1

As on March 2023, the installed capacity of the country was 415.4 GW, which comprises of 236.68 GW from Thermal (211.8 GW Coal + Lignite &amp; 24.8 GW Gas), 6.78 GW from Nuclear, 171.8 GW from RES (42.1 GW Hydro, 66.8 GW Solar, 42.6 GW Wind, 4.7  GW  Small  Hydro,  4.8  GW  PSP,  10.8  GW  Bio-power) (excluding 0.589 GW Diesel based Capacity).

India is the third-largest producer and consumer of electricity worldwide, with an installed power capacity of 415.4 GW as of March, 2023.

With electricity generation (including renewable sources) of 1,359.21 BU in India up to January, 2023 in the current year FY23, the country witnessed  a growth  of 10.08%  YoY. According to data from the Ministry of Power, India's power consumption increased 11% YoY in December, 2022 to 121.19 BU.

The peak power demand in the country stood at 205.03 GW in December, 2022.

The coal plants registered a PLF of 73.7% for the first ninemonths period in FY23 compared to 68.5% in FY22 for the same period.

## Renewable Energy Sector 2

India  stands  4th  globally  in  Renewable  Energy  Installed Capacity (including Large Hydro), 4th in Wind Power capacity &amp; 4th in Solar Power capacity (as per REN21 Renewables 2022 Global Status Report).

The country has set an enhanced target at the COP26 of 500 GW of non-fossil fuel-based energy by 2030. This has been a key pledge under the Panchamrit (a 5point pledge by India at COP26). This is the world's largest expansion plan in renewable energy.

India's  installed  renewable  energy  capacity  has  increased 396% in the last 8.5 years and stands at more than 171.8 Giga Watts  (including  large  Hydro),  which  is  about  41.3%  of  the country's total capacity (as of March 2023).

The  installed  solar  energy  capacity  has  increased  by  24.4 times in the last 9 years and stands at 66.8 GW as of March 2023.  The  installed  Renewable  energy  capacity  (including large hydro) has seen an increase of around 128 % since 2014.

India has set a target to reduce the carbon intensity of the nation's economy by less than 45% by the end of the decade, achieve  50  percent  cumulative  electric  power  installed  by 2030 from renewables, and achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2070.

India's  target  is  to  produce  five  million  tonnes  of  green hydrogen  by  2030.This  will  be  supported  by  125  GW  of renewable  energy  capacity.  57  solar  parks  of  aggregate capacity 39.28 GW have been approved in India. Wind Energy has an off-shore target of 30 GW by 2030 with potential sites identified.

## Key Highlights of Union Budget - Renewable Energy Sector 2023-2024 3

- Green  Growth  identified  is  one  of  the  nodes  in  the SAPTARISHI (7 priorities).
- $2.4 Bn National Hydrogen Mission for production of 5 MMT by 2030. $36 Mn additional in Budget
- 4  GWh  Battery  Energy  Storage  Systems  supported through Viability Gap Funding
- Pumped  Storage  Projects  has  received  a  push  with  a detailed framework to be formulated.
- $1.02/2.5 Bn Central Sector Support for ISTS infrastructure for 13 GW Renewable Energy from Ladakh

## Other Key Points of the of Union Budget:

- The government will set up a National Data Governance policy to unleash innovation and research by start-ups and academia.
- One  crore  farmers  to  be  facilitated  to  adopt  natural farming.
- Building  on  India's  success  in  afforestation,  Mangrove Initiative  for  Shoreline  Habitats  and  Tangible  Incomes (MISHTI) announced
- PAN will be recognized for all digital systems

## Indian Wind Energy Sector 3

In  the  early  1980's,  the  Department  of  Non-conventional Energy Sources (DNES) came into existence with the aim to reduce the dependence of primary energy sources like coal, oil  etc.  in  view  of  the  Country's  energy  security.  The  DNES became Ministry of Non-conventional Energy Sources (MNES)  in  the  year  1992  and  from  2006,  the  Ministry  was renamed  as  Ministry  of  New  &amp;  Renewable  Energy  (MNRE). The growth of Renewable Energy in India is enormous and Wind Energy proves to be the most effective solution to the problem of depleting fossil fuels, importing of coal, greenhouse gas emission, environmental pollution etc. Wind energy as a renewable, non-polluting and affordable source directly avoids dependency of fuel and transport, can lead to green and clean electricity.

With an installed capacity of 42633 MW (March 2023) of Wind Energy,  Renewable  Energy  Sources  (excluding  large  Hydro) currently  accounts  for  30.1%  (125160  MW)  of  India's  overall installed  power  capacity  of  415469  MW  (31.03.2023).  Wind installations has share of 34.06% of total RE capacity among renewable  and  continued  as  the  major  supplier  of  clean energy.

The  Government  of  India  has  fixed  a  target  of  500  GW  of Renewable Energy by 2030 out of which 140 GW will be from Wind.  The  Wind  Potential  in  India  was  first  estimated  by National Institute of Wind Energy (NIWE) at 50m hub-height at 49 GW and the potential has been re-estimated as 695 GW at  120  meter  height.  One  of  the  major  advantages  of  wind energy is its inherent strength to support rural employment and uplift of rural economy. Further, unlike all other sources of power, wind energy does not consume any water- which in itself will become a scarce commodity. Overall the future of Wind Energy in  India  is  bright  as  energy  security  and  selfsufficiency  is  identified  as  the  major  driver.  The  biggest advantage with wind energy is that the fuel is free, and also it doesn't produce CO2 emission.

## Financial Performance

FY 23 is a moderate one in terms of wind availability with a dip in generation. FY 22 witnessed a one-time income of Rs. 25 crore due to resumption in REC trading. Adjusting this, the EBITDA comparable for the year is marginally lower by Rs.86 lakhs,  despite  lower  generation.  Our  efforts  to  reduce  the finance cost and prompt loan servicing resulted in improved ratings and helped us in refinancing Rs. 721 crores of debt at reduced  rate  of  interest  from  Indian  Renewable  Energy Development Agency (IREDA) Limited and the disbursement is received during April 2023.The interest savings from this refinancing will be visible from FY 24. In addition, the Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) scheme introduced by the Ministry of Power helped in realizing the long pending dues from State owned discoms. These positive  attributes  are  expected  to improve our cash flows and enable us to focus on capacity expansion.

<!-- image -->

Revenues for the year amounted to Rs. 258 crore as against Rs.  311  crore  during  FY  22,  lower  by  17%.  The  reduction  is mainly  attributed  to  lower  wind  availability  during  the  year and there is a one-time income of Rs. 25 crore included in the other operating revenues for the previous year.

<!-- image -->

EBITDA  for  the  year  stood  at  Rs.  203  Crores  as  against Rs.  228  Crores  reported  during  last  year,  lower  by  11%. Margins for the year stood at 70% as against 72% in FY22, lower by 200 bps. The reduction is mainly on account of lower revenues as explained above.

Depreciation for the year amounts to Rs. 83 crores as against Rs. 89 crores, lower by 6%.

<!-- image -->

Interest outgo for the year stood at Rs. 108 crore as against Rs. 121 crore, lower by 11%. The reduction is mainly attributed to timely serving and improved ratings. As at March 31, 2023, the  ratings  of  the  company  and  its  material  subsidiaries having  debt  were  rated  'BB'.  Out  of  total  borrowings  of Rs. 1,078 Crore, Rs. 721 Crore were refinanced at an interest rate  of  9.4%  which  is  lower  by  300bps.  The  impact  of  this refinancing shall be visible in the profitability of the company from FY 24.

Profit after tax for the year stood at Rs. 33 Crore as against a profit of Rs 36 crore during last fiscal. The reduction is mainly on account of lower wind during the year and one time income from REC trading amounting to Rs. 25 crore last year. This is substantially made up by the reduction in finance cost and expenses from discontinued operations.

## Challenges

The company receivables to the extent of Rs 21 Crores is in escrow  pending  the  disposal  of  an  appeal  filed  before  the Honorable Supreme Court of India in the matter of reduction of  floor  price  of  REC's  .  This  has  been  pending  for  over  Six years.

## SWOT Analysis

## Strengths

1. We  are  a  renewable  energy  wind  power  generation company with 402.3 MW of installed capacity.

2. We  operate  in  the  rapidly  growing  renewable  energy sector,  which  benefits  from  increasing  demand  for electricity and regulatory support.
3. We have a flexible business model that is scalable and sustainable and that enables us to deliver predictable growth  from  a  diversified  and  balanced  portfolio  of projects.
4. We  have  an  experienced  management  and  operating team with relevant industry knowledge and expertise, including the ability to improve operational performance.
5. Long association with established track of good service with  customers  gives  us  the  advantage  of  being  the most preferred suppliers for them.

## Weaknesses

1. Revenues  from  our  business  are  exposed  to  market based electricity prices
2. Our business is seasonal in nature and is dependent on weather conditions that are unpredictable and beyond our control.
3. We  rely  on  Original  Equipment  Manufacturers  (OEMs) and other service providers for maintaining our windmills.

## Opportunities

1. Government of India has set an ambitious target of 500 GW for renewables by 2030 and this is expected to give ample opportunity for growing the business.
2. Increasing demand from C&amp;I customers for power from Renewable sources to reduce their carbon foot print will provide us with opportunity to expand our business.

## Threats

1. Transmission,  evacuation  constraints  and  grid  back down issues
2. Changing  government  policies  with  regard  to  pricing, RPO obligations, incentivizing other modes of renewable energy.
3. T echnological  advancements  in  the  renewable  energy sector  such  as  reduction  in  cost  of  solar  &amp;  new  wind power may make our plants obsolete/unviable.
4. Delays in recovery of dues from state owned distribution companies  (Discoms)  may  result  in  acute  working capital shortages.
5. Repowering  old  windmills  involves  significant  capital expenditure.
6. The  company's  capital  structure  include  significant amounts  borrowed  from  various  banks  and  financial institutions.  Increase  in  the  interest  rates  affects  the profitability of the company.

## Human Resources

Our employees are our most important assets. As of March 2023, OGPL has a workforce of 126. We believe the quality and commitment  level  of  our  professionals  is  at  par  /  highest amongst the power generating companies. OGPL continues to focus on key drivers of employee engagement like career growth, learning opportunities, fair performance and rewards and employee well-being by enhancing its HR processes for scale, agility and consistent employee experience.

Further, it also organizes workshops enhancing the skill sets of  its  employees  and  promoting  their  overall  involvement. Frequent  and  outcome  oriented  session  has  resulted  to superior  employee  experience.  The  Company  also  assigns individual goals to the employees, consistent with the overall objective  of  the  business  which  not  only  acts  as  a  strong motivator but also contributes towards improving the overall efficiencies of the business.

Lastly,  the  Company's  transparent  working  environment wherein  employees  can  raise  their  concerns  and  opinions results  in  high  engagement  levels  and  lower  employee turnover ratio.

## Internal Controls and adequacy

The Company has independent Internal Audit team with wellestablished risk management processes both at the business and corporate levels. Internal Auditor submits their reports, directly to the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which ensures process independence.

The Company believes that every employee has a role to play in  fostering  an  environment  in  which  controls,  assurance, accountability  and  ethical  behaviour  are  accorded  high importance. This complements the Internal Audits conducted to ensure total coverage during the year.

The company developed a robust internal control framework which ensures the operations being carried effectively and are  aligned  to  the  strategic  goals.  The  internal  control framework is intended to ensure correct, reliable, complete and timely financial reporting and management information.

## Management's Responsibility Statement

The management is accountable for making the Company's consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  information mentioned  in  this  annual  report.  It  believes  that  these financial statements fairly reflect the form and substance of transactions,  and  reasonably  represents  the  company's financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  in  conformity with  Indian  Generally  Accepted  Accounting  Principles  / Indian Accounting Standards.

## Safe Harbour

Some of the statements in this Annual Report that are not historical facts are forward looking  statements.  These forward looking statements include our financial and growth projections  as  well  as  statements  concerning  our  plans, strategies,  intentions  and  beliefs  concerning  our  business and the markets in which we operate. These statements are based  on  information  currently  available  to  us,  and  we assume  no obligation to update these statements as circumstances  change.  There  are  risks  and  uncertainties that could cause actual events to differ materially from these forward looking statements. These risks include, but are not limited to, the level of market demand for our services, the highly competitive market for the types of services that we offer, market conditions that could affect our services, our ability  to  create,  acquire  and  build  new  businesses  and  to grow our existing businesses, our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, currency fluctuations and market fluctuations  in  India  and  elsewhere  around  the  world,  and other risks not specifically mentioned herein but those that are common to any industry.

## DIRECTOR'S REPORT

## Dear Shareholders,

Your Directors take pleasure in presenting the Sixteenth Annual Report on the business and operations of the Company along with the audited Standalone and Consolidated financial statements, for the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

## Results of our Operations

Rs. In Lakhs

| Particulars  Standalone  Consolidated  2022-23  2021-22  2022-23  2021-22  Sales and Other Income  3,743  3,165  29,021  31,522  Profit / (Loss) before Depreciation, Interest and Tax &amp; Exceptional items  660  (472)  20,295  22,846  Finance Costs  374  1,503  10,824  12,161  Depreciation and Amortisation  3  3  8,295  8,862  Exceptional item  -  -  2,334  2,832  Profit/(Loss) before Tax  283  (1,978)  3,510  4,655  Less : Provision for Tax  -  -  -  -  Profit/(Loss) for the year from continuing operations  283  (1,978)  3,510  4,655  Profit/(Loss) from discontinued operations  31  (195)  (177)  (1,077)  Other Comprehensive Income  (19)  3  157  (96)  Total Comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year  295  (2,170)  3,490  3,482  Non-Controlling Interest  -  -  74  80  Total  Comprehensive  Income/(Loss)  for  the  year  attributable  to  shareholders of the Company  295  (2,170)  3,416  3,402   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Performance at Consolidated Level

Total  income  on  consolidated  basis  for  the  year  stood  at Rs.29,021 lakhs as against Rs. 31,522 lakhs reported for the corresponding period last year. EBITDA for the year stood at Rs. 20,295 lakhs as against Rs. 22,846 lakhs during previous year. EBITDA margins for the year stood at 70% as against 72%  for  previous  year.  Depreciation  for  the  year  stood  at Rs.8,295 lakhs as against Rs. 8,862 lakhs recognized during last year.

Interest  expense  for  the  year  stood  at  Rs.10,824  lakhs  as against  Rs.  12,161  lakhs  for  the  previous  year.  Profit  from continuing  operations  for  the  year  stood  at  Rs.3,510  lakhs as  against  Rs.4,655  lakhs  reported  for  previous  year.  The Loss from discontinued operations stood at Rs.177 lakhs as against a Loss of Rs. 1,077 lakhs in previous year.

## Business Performance

The  current  fiscal  is  a  moderate  one  in  terms  of  wind availability  with  a  dip  in  generation  in  comparative  terms. Besides this, the previous year witnessed a one time income of Rs. 2,465 lakhs due to resumption in REC trading. Adjusting this, the EBITDA comparable for the year is marginally lower by  Rs.86  lakhs,  despite  reduced  generation.  Our  efforts  to reduce the finance cost and improved loan servicing resulted in improved ratings and helped us in refinancing Rs. 721 crores of  debt  at  an  interest  rate  of  9.4%  from  Indian  Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA). Prior to refinancing  the  interest  rate  on  these  loans  were  12.4%. The interest savings from these refinancing will be visible in the coming years. In addition, the Late Payment Surcharge (LPS) scheme introduced by the Ministry of Power helped in realizing the long pending dues from State owned discoms. To curtail the increasing costs of maintenance, the company is  developing in house maintenance expertise reducing the reliance on external service providers. With improving cash flows,  the  management  is  exploring  the  opportunities  for capacity expansion and venturing into solar energy.

During  the  year,  one  of  the  subsidiaries  of  the  company having 129.3 MW of its capacity registered under Renewable Energy Certificates (REC) scheme opted out of the scheme. In  the  Management's  assessment,  this  transition  does  not have any significant impact on the revenues of the company.

## Rights Issue

During the year, the company proposed to issue equity shares on a rights basis to the existing eligible equity shareholders for  an  amount  aggregating  up  to  Rs.  23,000  lakhs.  The

proceeds of the said issue are proposed to be utilized towards interalia,  repayment of borrowings availed by the company and  its  subsidiaries  and  general  corporate  purposes.  The draft letter of offer dated September 07, 2022 duly approved by the Rights Issue Committee was filed by the company with Securities and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI') and the stock exchanges on which the Rights Equity Shares are proposed to be listed.

The company received letters dated September 21, 2022 and September 19, 2022 from BSE and NSE, respectively granting in-principle approval for undertaking the Issue. Further SEBI issued final observations on the DLOF vide its letter dated February 13, 2023. The company is in the process of filing the letter of offer with Stock Exchanges and SEBI.

## Consolidated Financial Statements

The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and its subsidiaries, prepared in accordance with the accounting principles  generally  accepted  in  India,  including  the  Indian Accounting  Standards  specified  under  Section  133  of  the Companies Act, 2013 (`the Act') read with relevant rules issued thereunder form part of the Annual Report and are reflected in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company.

The  annual  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  and related  detailed  information  will  be  kept  at  the  Registered Office  of  the  Company  and  will  be  available  to  investors seeking information at any time.

The Company has adopted a Policy for determining Material Subsidiaries in terms of Regulation 16 (1) (c) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  ('Listing Regulations').  The  Policy,  as  approved  by  the  Board,  are available  on  our  website,  at  http://orientgreenpower.com/ files/Policy-on-Material-Unlisted-Subsidiary-Company.pdf.

## Dividend

The Company has not declared any dividend due to inadequate profit earned by the Company during the year.

## Alteration of Memorandum of Association

During the year under review, the company vide approval of shareholders via Annual General Meeting the Memorandum of Association of the company has been altered by merging and retaining Clause III (C) - OTHER OBJECTS with Clause III B and to rename the Clause III (B) as per the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013.

## Change in promoter's Shareholding

During  the  year  under  review,  the  Promoter  ie.  Janati  Bio Power Private Limited's shareholding has been reduced from 25,88,08,809 Equity Shares to 24,38,08,809 Equity Shares by way of invocation of shares.

## Reclassification of Promoter to Public

During  the  year  under  review,  SEPC  Limited,  one  of  the Promoter  vide  its  letter  dated  September  24,  2022  had requested our Company for reclassification from the promoter category  to  the  public  category,  in  view  of  its  change  in management and control pursuant to restructuring of debts under the 'Prudential Framework for Resolution of Stressed Assets'. Our Company  has  made  an  application dated November 30, 2022 to the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 31A of the SEBI Listing Regulations seeking reclassification of SEPC to public category and the said application is pending for the approval of the Stock Exchanges.

## Particulars of Loans, Guarantees and Investments

The Particulars of Loans, guarantees and investments covered under Section 186 of the Companies Act, 2013 form part of the Notes to the financial statements provided in this Annual Report.

During  the  year  ended  March  31,  2023,  Beta  Wind  Farm Private  Limited  (BETA),  [Subsidiary  of  Orient  Green  Power Company  Limited]  had  refinanced  the  existing  term  loan and working capital facilities amounting to Rs. 721.21 Crores and availed an additional term loan facility of Rs. 4.90 Crore from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA),  for  which  Orient  Green  Power  Company  Limited (OGPL)  had  issued  a  corporate  guarantee  for  Rs.  726.11 crores  and  executed  a  pledge  of  1,80,04,812  equity  shares held by the company in Beta Wind Farm Private Limited. This guarantee replaces the earlier guarantees provided to Axis Bank Limited (Acting as a Security Trustee for Consortium Lenders) to an extent of Rs. 1,232.03 Crores and the pledge of 1,80,04,812 equity shares which earlier were provided as security to the erstwhile consortium of lenders.

## Material  changes  and  commitments  affecting  financial position between the end of the financial year and date of the report

There were no material changes and commitments affecting the financial position of the Company between the end of the financial year and the date of the report.

## Disclosure requirements

As per SEBI Listing Regulations, the Corporate Governance Report  with the Auditors' Certificate thereon, and the Management Discussion and Analysis Report, the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report ('BRSR') form part of the Director's Report.

## Subsidiaries and Associates

As  at  March  31,  2023  your  Company  had  a  total  of  6 subsidiaries, 3 step down subsidiaries, the details of which are given elsewhere in the Annual Report under the relevant Sections.

During  the  previous  year,  the  Board  gave  its  in-principle approval  to  liquidate  Orient  Green  Power  (Maharashtra) Private Limited and is in the process of voluntary strike off.

During the year, the company disposed its entire shareholding in M/s. Pallavi Power and Mines Limited, associate company.

The  information  as  required  under  the  first  proviso  to sub-section  (3)  of  Section  129  is  given  in  Form  AOC-1,  is attached to the financial statements of the Company.

Further,  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Section  136  of  the Companies  Act,  2013  ('Act'),  financial  statements  of  the Company,  Consolidated  financial  statements  along  with the  relevant  documents  and  separate  audited  accounts  in respect of the subsidiaries of the Companies are available in the website of the Company http://www.orientgreenpower. com/ Subsidiary-Accounts.asp

## Deposits

The Company has not accepted any deposits either from the shareholders or public and as such, no amount of principal or interest was outstanding as on the date of Balance Sheet.

## Corporate Governance

The  Company  has  been  complying  with  the  provisions  of Corporate  Governance  as  stipulated  in  Regulations  24,  27 and  other  relevant  provisions  of  SEBI  (Listing  Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015. A separate report on Corporate Governance along with Auditors' Certificate  on  compliance  of  the  Corporate  Governance norms as stipulated in Regulation 34(3) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015 forming  part  of  this  report  are  provided  elsewhere  in  this Annual Report.

## Internal Control System

The Company has in place, an adequate system of internal controls commensurate with its size, requirements and the nature of operations. These systems are designed, keeping in view the nature of activities carried out at each location and  the  various  business  operations.  The  company  has documented  a  robust  and  comprehensive  internal  control system  for  all  the  major  processes  to  ensure  reliability  of financial  reporting,  timely  feedback  on  achievement  of operational  and  strategic  goals,  compliance  with  policies, procedures, laws and regulations, safeguarding of assets and economical and efficient use of resources.

The Internal Auditor monitors and evaluates the efficacy and adequacy  of  internal  controls  system  in  the  Company,  its compliance with operating systems, accounting procedures and policies at all locations of the Company  and  its subsidiaries. Based on the report of internal audit, process owners undertake corrective action in their respective areas and  thereby  strengthen  the  controls.  During  the  year,  the Audit Committee met regularly to review reports submitted by  the  Internal  Auditor.  All  significant  audit  observations and  follow-up  actions  thereon  were  reported  to  the  Audit Committee.  The  Audit  Committee  also  met  the  Company's Statutory Auditors to ascertain their views on the financial statements, including the financial reporting system, compliance  to  accounting  policies  and  procedures,  the adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  internal  controls  and systems followed by the Company.

## Risk Management

Your  Company  also  has  a  Risk  Management  Framework  in place covering all critical areas of operation. This framework is reviewed periodically keeping in mind the business dynamics and  external  environment  and  provides  the  guidelines  for managing the various risks across the business.

## Directors' Responsibility Statement

The Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with Indian  Accounting  Standards  (Ind  AS)  notified  under  the Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Rules,  2015  as amended from time to time, the provisions of the Act (to the extent notified) and guidelines issued by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI). The Ind AS are prescribed under Section 133 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act'), read with Rule 3 of the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules,  2015  and  Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards) Amendment  Rules,  2016.  The  Company  has  adopted  all the  Ind  AS  standards  and  the  adoption  was  carried  out  in accordance with applicable transition guidance. Accounting policies have been consistently applied except where a newly issued accounting standard is initially adopted or a revision to an existing accounting standard requires a change in the accounting policy hitherto in use.

## The directors confirm that:

- i. In  the  preparation  of  the  annual  accounts  for  the year  ended  March  31,  2023  the  applicable  accounting standards have been followed along with proper explanation relating to material departures if any;
- ii. the  Directors  had  selected  such  accounting  policies and  applied  them  consistently  and  made  judgments and  estimates  that  are  reasonable  and  prudent  so  as to give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Company  as  at  March  31,  2023  statement  of  Profit  &amp; Loss, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows of the Company for the year ended on that date;
- iii. the  Directors had taken proper and sufficient care for the  maintenance  of  adequate  accounting  records  in

accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act, 2013 for safeguarding the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting fraud and other irregularities;

- iv. the Directors had prepared the annual accounts of the Company on a 'going concern' basis.
- v. the Directors, had laid down internal financial controls to  be  followed  by  the  company  and  that  such  internal financial controls are reasonably adequate and operating effectively; and
- vi. the  Directors  had  devised  proper  systems  to  ensure compliance  with  the  provisions  of  all  applicable  laws and  that  such  systems  are  reasonably  adequate  and operating effectively.

## Number of Board Meetings

The  Board  of  Directors  met  9  (Nine)  times  in  the  financial year  2022-23.  The  details  of  the  board  meetings  and  the attendance  of  the  Directors  are  provided  in  the  Corporate Governance  Report.  The  maximum  interval  between  any two meetings did not exceed 120 days, as prescribed in the Companies Act, 2013.

## Familiarization Program for Independent Directors

The Company has an orientation programme upon induction of new Directors as well as other initiatives to update Directors on  a  continuous  basis.  The  Familiarization  Programme of  the  Company  will  provide  information  relating  to  the Company, wind energy / renewable energy industry, business model  of  the  Company,  geographies  in  which  Company operates,  etc.  The  programme  also  intends  to  improve awareness  of  the  Independent  Directors  on  their  roles, rights,  responsibilities  towards  the  Company.  Further,  the Familiarization Programme should also provide information relating  to  the  financial  performance  of  the  Company  and budget  and  control  process  of  the  Company.  The  format of  the  letter  of  appointment  is  available  on  our  website, http://orientgreenpower.com/files/DRAFT-LETTER-OFAPPOINTMENT-OF-INDEPENDENT-DIRECTOR.pdf

## Directors and Key Managerial Personnel

## a) Directors:

Mr.  T  Shivaraman  has  been  appointed  as  Managing Director &amp; CEO of the Company for a period of 3 years with effect from 30th March 2022 till 29th March 2025 and the same has been approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting held on 30th June 2022.

Mr.  N  Rangachary,  has  retired  from  the  position  of Chairman,  Independent  Director  of  the  Company  and Maj.Gen. A L Suri (Retd), has retired from the position of Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022 as per unanimous decision taken by the Board of Directors at their meeting held on 2nd November 2022.

Mr.  P Krishna Kumar (DIN: 01717373) retires by rotation and being eligible, offers himself for re-appointment in accordance  with  the  provisions  of  Section  152(6)  and the Articles of Association of the Company. A resolution seeking shareholders' approval for his re-appointment forms part of the Notice.

Mr.  K  S  Sripathi  has  been  appointed  as  Chairman, Independent  Director  of  the  Company  for  a  period  of 3  years  with  effect  from  3rd  November  2022  till  02nd November 2025 and the same has been approved by the shareholders through Postal Ballot Process.

## b) Independent Directors:

The  Company  has  received  declarations  from  each independent  directors  of  the  Company  under  Section 149(7)  of  the  Companies Act, 2013, that they meet the criteria of independence as laid down in Section 149(6) of the Act.

Further the Independent Directors have complied with the Code for Independent Directors prescribed in Schedule IV to the Act.

## c) Key Managerial Personnel:

There  has  been  no  change  in  the  Key  Managerial Personnel  during  the  year  except  for  the  details  as mentioned in point (a) above.

## Committees of the Board

The Company has following committees of the Board:

1. Audit Committee
2. Nomination &amp; Remuneration Committee
3. Stakeholder's Relationship Committee
4. Risk Management Committee
5. Investment/Banking/Borrowing Committee
6. Corporate Social Responsibility Committee
7. Rights Issue Committee

A  detailed  note  on  the  composition  of  the  Board  and  its committees  are  provided  in  the  Corporate  Governance Report as part of this Annual Report.

## Related Party Transactions and Particulars of contracts or arrangements made with related parties.

All  the  related  party  transactions  that  were  entered  into during  the  Financial  Year  2022-23  were  on  an  arm's  length basis and in the ordinary course of business. There are no materially  significant  Related  Party  transactions  made  by the  Company  with  Promoters,  Directors  or  Key  Managerial

Personnel  etc.  which  may  have  potential  conflict  with  the interest of the company at large.

All  Related  Party  Transactions  are  presented  to  the  Audit Committee and the Board. A statement of all related party transactions  was  presented  before  the  Audit  Committee specifying the nature, value and terms and conditions of the transactions.

The  Related  Party  Transactions  Policy  as  approved  by  the Board  is  uploaded  on  the  Company's  website  at  http:// orientgreenpower.com/files/Policy-on-Related-PartyTransactions.pdf.

The  details  of  the  material  contracts  or  arrangements i.e.  transactions  with  Related  Parties  during  the  year,  are provided  in  the  accompanying  financial  statements  and also in form AOC-2 is appended as Annexure 1 to the Board's Report.

## Evaluation of the Board's Performance

In compliance with the Companies Act, 2013 and SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 2015, the  performance  evaluation  of  the  Board  was  carried  out during the year under review.

## Prevention of Sexual Harassment at workplace

The Company has always provided a congenial atmosphere for work to all the employees that is free from discrimination and harassment including sexual harassment. It has provided equal opportunities of employment to all without regard to their  caste,  religion,  colour,  marital  status  and  sex.  There were no complaints reported during the financial year under the said policy.

## Audit reports and Auditors

## Audit reports

1. The  Auditors'  Report  for  the  year  2022-  2023  does not  contain  any  qualification,  reservation  or  adverse remark.  The  Auditors'  Report  is  forming  part  of  the financial statements in this Annual Report.
2. The  Secretarial  Auditors'  Report  for  the  year  20222023  does  not  contain  any  qualification,  reservation or adverse remark. The Secretarial Auditors' Report is enclosed as Annexure 2 to the Board's report.
3. As  required  by  the  Listing  Regulations,  the  auditors' certificate  on  corporate  governance  is  enclosed.  The auditors' certificate for Year 2022-2023 does not contain any qualification, reservation or adverse remark.
4. The  Company  is  in  compliance  with  Regulation  24A of  the  Listing  Regulations.  The  Company's  unlisted material  subsidiaries  undergo  Secretarial  Audit.  Copy of Secretarial Audit Reports of Beta Wind Farm Private Limited, Bharath Wind Farm Limited and Clarion Wind

Farm Private Limited are enclosed as Annexure 3, 4 &amp; 5 respectively.

## Auditors

## Statutory Auditor

M/s. G.D.Apte &amp; Co, Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration No.  100515W)  had  been  appointed  as  Statutory  Auditors  of the Company as per Section 139 of the Companies Act, 2013 for a period of 5 years from the conclusion of Tenth Annual General  Meeting  till  the  conclusion  of  Fifteenth  Annual General  Meeting,  by  the  members  at  the  Annual  General Meeting held on August 09, 2017.

Further, the members at the Annual General Meeting held on 30th June 2022 re-appointed M/s. G.D.Apte &amp; Co, Chartered Accountants as the statutory auditors of the Company, for a second term of five consecutive years, from the conclusion of the Fifteenth Annual General Meeting till the conclusion of the Twentieth Annual General Meeting to be held in the year 2027.

## Internal Auditor

Internal Audit of the company and its subsidiaries are handled by the Internal audit department of the company. The Internal Audit evaluates the adequacy of internal controls by adopting a systematic approach.

The annual audit plan, coverage, frequency of the audits are directed by the Audit committee. Independence of Internal Auditor is ensured by direct reporting to the Audit Committee of the Board.

## Secretarial Auditor

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 204 of the Companies  Act,  2013  and  the  Companies  (Appointment and  Remuneration  of  Managerial  Personnel)  Rules,  2014, M/s. M Alagar &amp; Associates, Practicing Company Secretary, CP No. 8196 were appointed as Secretarial Auditors for the financial  year  2022-23,  to  audit  the  secretarial  and  related documents of the Company.

## Insider Trading

In compliance with the SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015, as amended, your Company has instituted a comprehensive Code titled as 'Code of Conduct to regulate, Monitor  and  Report  trading  by  Insiders'  which  lays  down guidelines and advises the Directors and Employees of the Company on procedures to be followed and disclosures to be made while dealing in securities of the Company.

The policy provides the framework in dealing with securities of  the  Company.  Details  of  the  policy  are  available  on  our website, at http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Code-ofConduct-to-Regulate-Monitor-and-Report-Trading-byInsiders.pdf

## Conservation of energy, research and development, technology  absorption,  foreign  exchange  earnings  and outgo

The  information  on  conservation  of  energy,  technology absorption and foreign exchange earnings and outgo stipulated  under  Section  134(3)  (m)  of  the  Companies  Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rule 2014, is appended as Annexure- 6 to the Board's report.

## Particulars of Employees

The  Information  as  required  under  Section  197(12)  of  the Companies Act, 2013, read with Rule 5(1) of the Companies (Appointment  and  Remuneration  of  Managerial  Personnel) Rules, 2014 is appended as Annexure- 7 to the Board's report.

The Information as required under Rule 5(1) &amp; Rule 5 (2) of the Companies  (Appointment  and  Remuneration  of  Managerial Personnel)  Rules,  2014  is  provided  in  an  annexure  forming part of this Annual report. In terms of the first provision to Section 136 of the Act, the report and accounts are being sent to members excluding the aforesaid Annexure. Any member interested in obtaining the same may write to the Company Secretary at the registered office of the Company. None of the employees listed in the said annexure are related to any directors of the Company.

## Significant and Material Orders

There are no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and Company's operations in future.

## Compliance with Secretarial Standards

During  the  year  under  review,  the  Company  has  complied with all the applicable Secretarial Standards.

## Extract of Annual Returns

Annual Return of the Company is available on our website at http://orientgreenpower.com/annual-report.asp

## Board Policies

The details of the major policies approved and adopted by the Board as per SEBI Regulations are as follows:

## Whistle Blower Policy (Policy on Vigil Mechanism)

The company has adopted a whistle blower mechanism for directors and employees to report concerns about unethical behavior,  actual  or  suspected  fraud,  or  violation  of  the company's code of conduct and ethics. Details of the policy are  available  on  our  website,  at  http://orientgreenpower. com/files/Whistle-Blower-Policy.pdf

## Policy for Determining Materiality for Disclosures

The policy applies to disclosures of material events affecting the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries.  Details  of  the  policy are  available  on  our  website,  at  http://orientgreenpower. com/files/POLICY-ON-CRITERIA-FOR-DETERMININGMATERIALITY-OF-EVENTS.pdf

## Nomination and Remuneration Policy

This policy formulates the criteria for determining qualifications, competencies, positive attributes and independence for the appointment of the director  (Executive/ non-executive)  and  also  the  criteria  for  determining  the remunerations  of  the  Directors,  Key  Managerial  Personnel, Senior  Management.  Details  of  the  policy  are  available  on our website, at http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Code-ofConduct-Directors-and-Senior-Management.pdf

## Corporate Social Responsibility Policy

The  policy  outlines  the  company's  strategy  to  bring  about a  positive  impact  on  society  through  programs  relating  to hunger,  poverty,  education,  healthcare,  environment  and lower  its  resource  footprint.  Details  of  the  CSR  policy  are available  on  our  website,  athttp://orientgreenpower.com/ files/Policy-on-CSR.pdf

## Policy on Material Subsidiaries

The  policy  is  used  to  determine  the  material  subsidiaries of  the  company.  Details  of  the  policy  are  available  on  our website, at http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Policy-onMaterial-Unlisted-Subsidiary-Company.pdf

## Related Party Transactions Policy

The policy regulates all transactions between the company and its related parties. Details of the policy are available on our  website,  at  http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Policyon-Related-Party-Transactions.pdf

## Documents Retention and Archival Policy

The policy deals with the retentions and archival of corporate  records  of  the  Company  and  all  its  subsidiaries. Details of the policy are available on our website, at http://orientgreenpower.com/files/ARCHIVAL-POLICY.pdf

## Risk Management Policy

The Board of Directors of  the  Company  has  formed  a  Risk Management Committee to frame, implement and monitor the risk management plan for the Company.

The Committee is responsible for monitoring and reviewing the  risk  management  plan  and  ensuring  its  effectiveness. The  Audit  Committee  has  additional  oversight  in  the  area of financial risks and controls. The major risks identified by the businesses and functions are systematically addressed through mitigating actions on a continuing basis. The Details

of policy on Risk management is available on the website of the Company  at  http://orientgreenpower.com/files/RiskManagement-Policy.pdf

## Dividend Distribution Policy

Policy is to set out guidelines as to return to the shareholders that  cash,  which  in  the  opinion  of  the  board,  is  in  excess to  the  short  and  medium  term  cash  requirements  and facilitate the process of dividend recommendation or declaration  and  its  pay-out  by  the  company  which  would ensure a regular dividend income for the shareholders and long  term  capital  appreciation  for  all  stakeholders  of  the company. Details of the Policy are available on our website at http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Dividend-DistributionPolicy.pdf

## Succession Planning

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board ('NRC')  oversees matters relating to succession planning of Directors, Senior Management and other Key Executives of the Company.

## Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF)

Pursuant  to  the  applicable  provisions  of  the  Companies Act, 2013, read with the IEPF Authority (Accounting, Audit,  Transfer  and  Refund)  Rules,  2016  ('the  Rules'),  any Application money received by the company for allotment of securities and due for refund shall be transferred to the IEPF established by the Central Government, after the completion of seven years. Further, according to the Rules, the amounts which have not been paid or claimed by the shareholders for seven consecutive years or more shall also be transferred to the IEPF account created by the IEPF Authority. Accordingly, on  5th  October  2017  unclaimed  Share  Application  money amounting to Rs. 16,750 has been transferred to IEPF account as per the requirements of the IEPF rules.

## Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (BRSR)

The Listing Regulations mandate  the inclusion of the BRSR as part of the Annual Report for the top 1,000 listed entities.  Even though for the financial year 2022-23 as per Market  Capitalization  criteria,  the  company  falls  below  the thresholds,  the  Company  shall  continue  to  comply  as  per regulation 3 of the SEBI(LODR). In compliance with the Listing Regulations, Our Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report forms part of this Annual Report.

## Disclosure requirements

- The  Company  complies  with  all  applicable  mandatory Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India
- Neither the statutory auditors nor the secretarial auditor,  internal  auditor  has  reported  to  the  audit committee,  under  Section  143  (12)  of  the  Companies Act, 2013, any instances of fraud committed against the Company by its officers or employees.
- The Company does not have any scheme or provision of money for the purchase of its own shares by employees/ Directors or by trustees for the benefit of employees/ Directors; and
- The Company  has  not issued equity shares with differential rights as to dividend, voting or otherwise

## Green Initiative

Electronic  copy  of  the  Annual  Report  for  FY  2023  and  the Notice of the ensuing AGM is being sent to all shareholders whose email addresses are available in demat account and registered  with  Company's  Registrar  and  Share  Transfer Agent. As per the General Circular No. 20/2020 of Ministry of Corporate Affairs dated May 5, 2020, shareholders holding shares in demat form are requested to update their email addresses with their Depository Participant(s) and for shareholders holding shares in physical form, should get their email  registered  with  Cameo  Corporate  Services  Limited, Company's Registrar and Share Transfer Agent.

## Appreciation

Your  Directors  wish  to  convey  their  deep  appreciation  to all  the  employees,  customers,  vendors,  investors,  Bankers, Financial Institutions for their sincere and dedicated services as  well  as  their  collective  contribution  to  the  Company's performance.

Your Directors also thank the Government of India, Government  of various States in India and  concerned Government Departments for their co-operation.

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

| Chennai April 20, 2023  T Shivaraman Managing Director &amp; CEO DIN: 01312018  R Ganapathi Director DIN: 00103623   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANNEXURE - 1

## Form No. AOC-2

(Pursuant to clause (h) of sub-section (3) of Section 134 of the Act and Rule 8(2) of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014)

Form for disclosure of particulars of contracts/arrangements entered into by the company with related parties referred to in sub-section (1) of section 188 of the Companies Act, 2013 including certain arms length transactions under third proviso thereto

1. Details of contracts or arrangements or transactions not at arm's length basis: Nil
2. Details of material contracts or arrangement or transactions at arm's length basis:

| S.  No.  Name(s) of  the related  party and  nature of  relationship  Nature of  contracts/  arrangements /  transactions  Duration of the  contracts /  arrangements /  transactions  Salient terms of  the contracts or  arrangements or  transactions  including the  value, if any  Date(s) of  approval by  the Board, if any  Amount  Received /  (paid)  as advances,  if any (Rs. In  Lakhs)  Transaction  Amount in  Rs. Lakhs  1  Beta Wind  Farm Private  Limited  (Subsidiary)  Windmill  Operation and  Maintenance  services  For a period of  one year. The  contract may  be extended for  further periods as  mutually agreed  by the parties.  Operation and  Maintenance  services to wind  mills at various  locations across  Andhra Pradesh,  Tamilnadu, Gujarat  and Karnataka  19.01.2022  NIL  2343.00   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T Shivaraman

Managing Director &amp; CEO

DIN: 01312018

R Ganapathi Director DIN: 00103623

Chennai April 20, 2023

## ANNEXURE - 2

To,

The Members,

## Orient Green Power Company Limited

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to  good  corporate  practices  by ORIENT  GREEN  POWER COMPANY  LIMITED (hereinafter called the  'Company' ). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that provided us a reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/ statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on our verification of the Company's books, papers, minute  books,  forms  and  returns  filed  and  other  records maintained by the Company  and  also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives during the conduct of secretarial audit, we hereby report that in our opinion, the Company has, during the audit period covering the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023 ('Audit Period') complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We  have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms  and  returns  filed  and  other  records  maintained  by the  Company  for  the  Financial  Year  ended  March  31,  2023 according to the provisions of:

1. The  Companies  Act,  2013  ('Act')  and  the  rules  made thereunder as amended time to time including Secretarial Standards issued by the Institute of Company Secretaries of India ('ICSI') and notified as on date;
2. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made thereunder, as amended from time to time;
3. The  Depositories  Act,  1996  and  the  Regulations  and Bye-laws framed thereunder, as amended from time to time;
4. Foreign Exchange Management Act, 1999 and the Rules and  Regulations  made  thereunder  to  the  extent  of Foreign Direct Investment, Overseas Direct Investment and External Commercial Borrowings, as amended from time to time;

## Form No. MR-3

## SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

## For the Financial Year ended March 31, 2023

[Pursuant to Section 204(1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule No.9 of the

Companies(Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

5. The  following  Regulations  and  Guidelines  prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'), as amended from time to time:-
- a. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
- b. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
- c. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Issue  of  Capital  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
- d. The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations,  2021;  -  Not  Applicable  for  the  audit period.
- e. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Registrars to an Issue and Share Transfer Agents) Regulations, 1993 regarding dealing with client;
- f. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ;
- g. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Depositories and Participants) Regulations, 2018;
- h. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Delisting  of  Equity  Shares)  Regulations,  2021;  Not Applicable for the audit period.
- i. The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Buyback  of  Securities)  Regulations,  2018-  Not Applicable for the audit period.
6. All other relevant applicable laws including those specifically applicable to the Company, a list of which has been provided by the management. The examination and  reporting  of  these  laws  and  rules  are  limited  to whether there are adequate systems and processes are in place to monitor and ensure compliance with those laws.

During  the  period  under  review,  the  Company  has generally complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines and Standards, etc., mentioned

above  to  the  extent  where  such  records  have  been examined by us.

We  further  report that  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the Company  is duly constituted with proper balance of Executive Directors, Non-Executive Directors, Independent Directors and Woman Director. The changes in the composition of the Board of Directors that  took  place  during  the  period  under  review  were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act.

We  further  report that  adequate  notice  is  given  to all  directors  to  schedule  the  Board  Meetings,  agenda and  detailed  notes  on  agenda  were  sent  to  them  at least  seven  days  in  advance  or  as  the  case  may  be, and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information  and  clarifications  on  the  agenda  items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

We further report that there are adequate systems and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

We further report that during the audit period, except the  events  listed  below,  no  other  specific  events  / actions  occurred  which  had  major  bearing  on  the Company's  affairs  in  pursuance  of  the  above  referred laws,  rules,  regulations,  guidelines,  etc.,  and  that  the Company  has  complied  with  such  of  those  relevant clauses thereto which are applicable:

- i. Mr.  Nambi  Iyengar  Rangachary  and  Mr.  Amrit  Lal Suri  resigned  from  the  position  of  Independent Directors with effect from November 02, 2022.
- ii. The  Company  has  passed  Special  Resolution  for the  appointment  of  Mr.  Kodumudi  Sambamurthi Sripathi  as  Independent  Director  for  a  term  of three years, with effect from November 03, 2022 till November 02, 2025 through postal ballot.

## For M. Alagar &amp; Associates Practising Company Secretaries Peer Review Certificate No:1707/2022

M. Alagar Managing Partner

FCS No: 7488/ CoP No.: 8196

UDIN: F007488E000152908

Place: Chennai

Date : April 20,2023

This Report is to be read with our letter of even date which is annexed as Annexure A and forms an integral part of this report.

## ANNEXURE A TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To,

The Members

## ORIENT GREEN POWER COMPANY LIMITED

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter

1. Maintenance of Secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  secretarial  records based on our audit.
2. We  have  followed  the  audit  practices  and  process  as were appropriate to obtain reasonable assurance about the  correctness  of  the  contents  of  the  Secretarial records.  The  verification  was  done  on  test  basis  to ensure  that  correct  facts  are  reflected  in  Secretarial records. We believe that the process and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness  of  financial  records  and  Books  of Accounts of the Company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the Compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The  Compliance  of  the  provisions  of  Corporate  and other  applicable  laws,  rules,  regulations,  standards  is the responsibility of management. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedure on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficacy or  effectiveness  with  which  the  management  has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7. We further report that,  based  on  the  information provided by the Company, its officers, and authorised representatives  during  the  conduct  of  the  audit  and also  on  the  review  of  quarterly  compliance  reports issued by the respective departmental heads/Company Secretary, taken on record by the Board of the Company, in our opinion adequate systems and process and control mechanism exist in the Company to monitor compliance  with applicable general laws including labour laws.

For M. Alagar &amp; Associates Practising Company Secretaries Peer Review Certificate No:1707/2022

M. Alagar Managing Partner

Place: Chennai

FCS No: 7488/ CoP No.: 8196

Date : April 20,2023

UDIN:

F007488E000152908

## ANNEXURE - 3

To

The Members,

## BETA WIND FARM PRIVATE LIMITED

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, VenkatanarayanaRoad, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600017

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence to good corporate practices by BETA WIND FARM PRIVATE LIMITED bearing  CIN  U40100TN2009PTC070860  (hereinafter  called the company). Secretarial Audit was conducted in a manner that  provided  me  a  reasonable  basis  for  evaluating  the corporate  conducts/statutory  compliances  and  expressing my opinion thereon.

Based  on  my  verification  of  the  Company's  books,  papers, minute  books,  forms  and  returns  filed  and  other  records maintained by the company  and also the information provided by the Company, its officers, agents and authorized representatives  during  the  conduct  of  Secretarial  Audit,  I hereby report that, in my opinion, the company has, during the audit period covering the financial year ended on 31.03.2023, complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also  that  the  Company  has  proper  Board-processes  and compliance-mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter.

I have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on 31.03.2023, according to the provisions of:

- (i) The Companies Act, 2013 (the Act) and the rules made there under;
- (ii) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the rules made there under;
- (iii) The  Company  being  an  unlisted  Public  Company,  the provisions of Securities Exchange Board of India are not applicable to the said Company.

## Form No. MR-3 SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31.03.2023

[Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and rule No.9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014]

- (iv) In  addition to the compliance with Factory and Labour Laws as is applicable to a factory, based on the study of the systems and processes in place and a review of the report of (1) Internal Audit on compliance of other laws  (2)  the  management  representation  provided  by the  Company Secretary of the Company, I report that the  Company has complied with the provisions of the following statutes and the rules made there under to the extent it is applicable to them:
- The Electricity Act, 2003

## I  have  also  examined  compliance  with  the  applicable clauses of the following:

(i) Secretarial Standards issued by The Institute of Company Secretaries of India.

During the period under review, the company has complied with the provisions of the Act, Rules, Regulations, Guidelines, Standards etc mentioned above

## I further report that

- The Board of Directors of the Company  is duly constituted with proper balance of  Non-Executive Directors and Independent Directors excepting for the qualification.
- Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings, agenda and detailed notes on agenda were sent at least seven days in advance and a system exists for seeking and obtaining further information and clarifications on the agenda items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.
- Based on the minutes made available to us, we report that the Majority decision was carried through and that there were no dissenting votes from any Board member which was required to be captured and recorded as part of the minutes.

<!-- image -->

I  further  report  that  the  company  is  in  the  process  of setting up adequate systems and processes in the company commensurate with the size and operations of the company to  monitor,  report  deviations,  if  any,  to  the  Board,  take corrective  actions  and  ensure  compliance  with  applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

## I further report that during the year under review

- a. The  Company  is  yet  to  facilitate  demat  facility  for  its Redeemable Preference shares; however there were no

transfers of the said class of shares during the period covered by the audit.

## Signature:

B Chandra &amp; Associates

Name of partner signing : C ANURADHA

ACS No.:  38746

Place : Chennai

C P No.:  21407

Date :

April 20,2023

UDIN: A038746E000148130

Peer Review No 1711/2022

## ANNEXURE TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To

The Members,

## BETA WIND FARM PRIVATE LIMITED

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai TN 600017 IN

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial record is the responsibility of the management of the company. Our responsibility is  to  express  an  opinion  on  these  secretarial  records based on our audit.
2. I  have  followed  the  audit  practices  and  processes  as were appropriate, to obtain reasonable assurance about the correctness of the contents of the Secretarial records.  The  verification  was  done  on  test  basis  to ensure  that  correct  facts  are  reflected  in  secretarial records. I believe that the processes and practices, we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
3. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness  of  financial  records  and  Books  of Accounts of the company.
4. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
5. The  compliance  of  the  provisions  of  Corporate  and other  applicable  laws,  rules,  regulations,  standards is  the  responsibility  of  management.  My  examination was  limited  to  the  verification  of  procedures  on  test basis  as  well  as  on  the  Certificate  provided  by  the Key  Managerial  Personnel  to  the  Board  of  Directors regarding  compliance  with  the  applicable  laws  to  the Company.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or  effectiveness  with  which  the  management  has conducted the affairs of the company.
7. I  further add due to the inherent limitations of an audit including  internal,  financial  and  operating  controls, there is and unavoidable risk that some misstatements or material non compliances may not be detected, even though the audit is properly planned and performed in accordance with the Standards.

Signature:

B Chandra &amp; Associates

Place : Chennai

Name of partner signing: C ANURADHA

Date : April 20,2023

ACS No.:  38746 C P No.:  21407

## ANNEXURE - 4

## To,

The Members,

## M/s. Bharath Wind Farm Limited,

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600017, Tamil Nadu, India.

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of applicable statutory provisions and the adherence  to  good  corporate  practices  by M/s.  Bharath Wind  Farm  Limited , (hereinafter called ' the  Company ' CIN: U31101TN2006PLC061881). Secretarial Audit was conducted  in  a  manner  that  provided  to  us  a  reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/  statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on Our verification of the Company's books, papers, minute  books,  forms  and  returns  filed  and  other  records maintained  by  the  Company,  to  the  extent  the  information provided by the company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives  during  the  conduct  of  secretarial  audit, the  explanations  and  clarifications  given  to  us  and  the representations  made  by  the  Management,  We  hereby report  that  in  our  opinion,  the  Company  has  during  the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2023,( hereinafter referred to as 'the audit period') complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the  Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records made available to us and maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2023 according to the applicable provisions of:

- (i) The Companies Act, 2013, (the Act') rules made thereunder as amended time to time including Secretarial  Standards  issued  by  Institute  of  Company Secretary of India (ICSI)

## FORM-MR-3

## SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]

- (ii) The Depositories Act, 1996 and the Regulations and Byelaws framed thereunder; is applicable to the Company, as  company's  equity  shares  are  maintained  in  Demat form during the audit period under review.

Being an unlisted public company during the audit period, the following Acts, Rules, Guidelines and Regulations were not applicable:

1. The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA') and the Rules made thereunder;
2. The  following  Regulations  and  Guidelines  prescribed under the Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act'):
- a) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
- b) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;
- c) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Issue  of  Capital  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
- d) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits &amp; Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021;
- e) The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and  Listing  of  Non-Debt  Convertible  Securities) Regulations, 2021 and The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Debt Securities) Regulations, 2008;
- f) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Delisting of Equity Shares) Regulations, 2021;
- g) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Buyback of Securities) Regulations, 2018; and
- h) The Securities and Exchange  Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

## We have not examined compliance by the company with respect to:

- a) Applicable  financial  laws,  like  direct  and  indirect  tax laws,  maintenance  of  financial  records,  etc.,  since the  same  have  been  subject  to  review  by  statutory (financial)  auditors,  tax  auditors  and  other  designated professionals.
- b) As informed by the company the Industry specific laws/ general  laws  as  applicable  to  the  company  has  been complied with. The management has also represented and  confirmed  that  all  the  laws,  rules,  regulations, orders,  standards  and  guidelines  as  are  specifically applicable to the Company relating to Industry/Labour etc., have been complied with.

## We further report that

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted. The  changes  in  the  composition  of  the  Board  of  Directors that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings, for seeking and obtaining further  information  and  clarifications  on  the  agenda  items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

There were no amendment/modification of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company during the period under  report.  The  Company  has  filed  the  e-forms  with  the Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  (MCA),  wherever  applicable during the period under report.

The based on the information provided and representations made  by  the  Company,  there  were  adequate  systems  and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

## We further report that ,

During  the  audit  period  except  the  event  listed  below,  no other  specific  events/actions  in  pursuance  of  the  above referred  laws,  rules,  regulations,  guidelines,  etc.  having  a major bearing on the Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules etc.

Appointment  of  Managing  Director: Mr. Srinivasachary Sudarsan was appointed as a Managing Director for the term of  five  years  from  30 th   September  2022  to  29 th   September 2027

Waiver  of  Interest  on  Loan: During  the  financial  year,  the company had received a waiver request on interest for the loans obtained by the borrowers .The Board is considered the fact and circumstances, and given the consent on the waiver of interest and the necessary resolutions passed thereof.

Place: Chennai

Date: April 17,2023

Ms. S. Ramya Practicing Company Secretary ACS 27826; COP 13759 UDIN: A027826E000122723

This report is to be read with our report of even date, which is annexed as Annexure A and forms integral part of this report.

## ANNEXURE A TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To,

The Members,

## M/s. Bharath Wind Farm Limited

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600017, Tamil Nadu, India.

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial and other records is the responsibility of the management of the Company.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the relevant records based on our audit.
2. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial and tax records and books of accounts of the Company.
3. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
4. We  have  followed  the  audit  practices  and  processes  as  were  appropriate  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  the correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management in terms of Section 134 (5) (f) of the Companies Act, 2013.. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7. The audit was conducted based on the verification of the Company's books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed, documents and other records furnished by the company, its officers and authorised representatives and also on the review of compliance report issued by the company secretary on record by the Board of the company.

Place : Chennai

Date: April 17,2023

Ms. S. Ramya Practicing Company Secretary ACS 27826; COP 13759 UDIN: A027826E000122723

## ANNEXURE - 5

To,

The Members,

## M/s. CLARION WIND FARM PRIVATE LIMITED

CIN: U40106TN2008PTC067781

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600017, Tamil Nadu, India.

We have conducted the secretarial audit of the compliance of  applicable  statutory  provisions  and  the  adherence  to good  corporate  practices  by M/s.  CLARION  WIND  FARM PRIVATE LIMITED ,(hereinafter called ' the Company ' CIN:  :  U40106TN2008PTC67781).  The  Secretarial  Audit  was conducted  in  a  manner  that  provided  to  us  a  reasonable basis for evaluating the corporate conducts/  statutory compliances and expressing our opinion thereon.

Based on Our verification of the Company's books, papers, minute  books,  forms  and  returns  filed  and  other  records maintained  by  the  Company,  to  the  extent  the  information provided by the company, its officers, agents and authorised representatives  during  the  conduct  of  secretarial  audit, the  explanations  and  clarifications  given  to  us  and  the representations  made  by  the  Management,  We  hereby report  that  in  our  opinion,  the  Company  has  during  the audit period covering the financial year ended on March 31, 2023,( hereinafter referred to as 'the audit period') complied with the statutory provisions listed hereunder and also that the  Company has proper Board processes and compliance mechanism in place to the extent, in the manner and subject to the reporting made hereinafter:

We have examined the books, papers, minute books, forms and returns filed and other records made available to us and maintained by the Company for the financial year ended on March 31, 2023 according to the applicable provisions of:

- (i) The Companies Act, 2013, (the Act') rules made thereunder as amended time to time including Secretarial  Standards  issued  by  Institute  of  Company Secretary of India (ICSI)

## FORM-MR-3

## SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

## FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31ST MARCH, 2023

[Pursuant to section 204 (1) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Rule 9 of the Companies

(Appointment and Remuneration Personnel) Rules, 2014]

- (ii) The  Depositories  Act,  1996  and  the  Regulations  and Bye-laws  framed  thereunder;  is  not  applicable  to  the Company

## We  have  not  examined  compliance  by  the  company  with respect to:

- a) Applicable  financial  laws,  like  direct  and  indirect  tax laws,  maintenance  of  financial  records,  etc.,  since the  same  have  been  subject  to  review  by  statutory (financial)  auditors,  tax  auditors  and  other  designated professionals.
- b) As informed by the company the Industry specific laws/ general  laws  as  applicable  to  the  company  has  been complied with. The management has also represented and  confirmed  that  all  the  laws,  rules,  regulations, orders,  standards  and  guidelines  as  are  specifically applicable to the Company relating to Industry/Labour etc., have been complied with.

## We further report that

The Board of Directors of the Company is duly constituted. The  changes  in  the  composition  of  the  Board  of  Directors that took place during the period under review were carried out in compliance with the provisions of the Act

Adequate notice is given to all directors to schedule the Board Meetings and Committee Meetings, for seeking and obtaining further  information  and  clarifications  on  the  agenda  items before the meeting and for meaningful participation at the meeting.

There were no amendment/modification of the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company during the period under  report.  The  Company  has  filed  the  e-forms  with  the Ministry  of  Corporate  Affairs  (MCA),  wherever  applicable during the period under report.

The based on the information provided and representations made  by  the  Company,  there  were  adequate  systems  and processes in the Company commensurate with the size and

operations of the Company to monitor and ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules, regulations and guidelines.

## We further report that ,

During  the  audit  period  except  the  event  listed  below,  no other  specific  events/actions  in  pursuance  of  the  above referred  laws,  rules,  regulations,  guidelines,  etc.  having  a major bearing on the Company's affairs in pursuance of the above referred laws, rules etc.

Changes in Board: The appointment and resignation of Chief Financial Officers and Directors have taken place during the financial year under our review

Waiver  of  Interest  on  Loan: During  the  financial  year,  the company had received a waiver request on interest for the loans obtained by the borrowers .The Board is considered the fact and circumstances, and given the consent on the waiver of interest and the necessary resolutions passed thereof.

Place: Chennai

Date: April 17, 2023

Ms. S. Ramya Practicing Company Secretary ACS 27826; COP 13759 UDIN: A027826E000122800

This report is to be read with our report of even date, which is annexed as Annexure A and forms integral part of this report.

## ANNEXURE A TO SECRETARIAL AUDIT REPORT

To,

The Members,

## M/s. CLARION WIND FARM PRIVATE LIMITED

CIN: U40106TN2008PTC067781

Bascon Futura SV, 4 th  Floor, No. 10/1, Venkatanarayana Road,

T. Nagar, Chennai - Tamil Nadu 600 017, India

Our report of even date is to be read along with this letter.

1. Maintenance of secretarial and other records is the responsibility of the management of the Company.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the relevant records based on our audit.
2. We have not verified the correctness and appropriateness of financial records and Books of Accounts of the Company like, Income Tax, GST, Customs, etc.
3. Wherever required, we have obtained the Management representation about the compliance of laws, rules and regulations and happening of events etc.
4. We  have  followed  the  audit  practices  and  processes  as  were  appropriate  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  the correctness of the contents of secretarial records. The verification was done on test basis to ensure that correct facts are reflected in the secretarial records. We believe that the processes and practices we followed provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
5. The compliance of the provisions of Corporate and other applicable laws, rules, regulations, standards is the responsibility of management in terms of Section 134 (5) (f) of the Companies Act, 2013.. Our examination was limited to the verification of procedures on test basis.
6. The Secretarial Audit report is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the company nor of the efficacy or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.
7. The audit was conducted based on the verification of the Company's books, papers, minutes books, forms and returns filed, documents and other records furnished by the company, its officers and authorised representatives and also on the review of compliance report issued by the company secretary on record by the Board of the company.

Place: Chennai

Date: April 17, 2023

Ms. S. Ramya Practicing Company Secretary ACS 27826; COP 13759 UDIN: A027826E000122800

## Annexure - 6

The Conservation of energy, technology absorption, foreign exchange earnings and outgo pursuant to the provisions of Section 134 (3) (m) of the Companies Act, 2013 read with Rule 8 of the Companies (Accounts) Rules, 2014

## A. Conservation of Energy

Reduction  of  auxiliary  power  consumption  through  pitching  off  the  blade,  optimised  yawing,  RKVAH  and  Power  factor improvement by state of art technology were incorporated in the turbine to conserve the energy during lean wind season and are operating effectively.

## B. Technology Absorption

Your Company continues to use the latest technologies for improving the quality of the Services. Digitalization resulted in better operational efficiencies. The company migrated its storage to cloud servers. This reduced the storage space and costs involved in data handling, besides improving the data safety and accessibility. Since the covid 19 pandemic, your company has seamlessly and securely able to shift to Work from Home model and have been able to provide all employees with relevant technology tools and connectivity to carry out the work without any interruption.

## C. Expenditure on R &amp; D

There is no expenditure incurred on Research and Development

## D. Foreign Exchange Earnings &amp; Out Go

Interest income of Rs. 115 lakhs (€ 1.3 lakhs).

Chennai April 20, 2023

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T Shivaraman Managing Director &amp; CEO DIN: 01312018

R Ganapathi Director DIN: 00103623

## Annexure-7

Details  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  Section  197(12)  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  Rule  5(1)  of  the  Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014

| Relevant  clause  u/r 5(1)  Prescribed Requirement  Particulars  (i)  Ratio  of  the  remuneration  of  each  director  to  the  median  remuneration  of  the  employees  of  the  company for the financial year  Ratio  of  the  remuneration  of  Mr.  T  Shivaraman,  Managing  Director &amp; CEO to the median remuneration of the employees  0.83:1.  (The  appointment  of  Mr.  T  Shivaraman  as  Managing  Director &amp; CEO was approved by the shareholders on June 30,  2022 and the remuneration paid thereupon is considered for  the calculation.)  (ii)  Percentage  increase  in  remuneration  of  each  Director,  Chief  Financial  Officer,  Chief  Executive  Officer,  Company  Secretary  or  Manager,  if  any,  in  the financial year  Mr. T Shivaraman, MD &amp; CEO - NA( Appointed during the  year)  Ms. J Kotteswari, CFO - Nil  Ms. M Kirithika -CS - 21%  (iii)  Percentage increase in the median remuneration of  employees in the financial year  Nil  (iv)  Number  of  permanent  employees  on  the  rolls  of  company as at 31st March 2023  4 Nos.  (v)  Average    percentile    increase    already    made  in  the  salaries  of  employees  other  than  the  managerial  personnel  in  the  last  financial  year  and  its  comparison  with  the  percentile  increase  in  the  managerial  remuneration  and  justification  thereof and point out if there are any exceptional  circumstances  for  increase  in  the  managerial  remuneration  Average  increase  in  remuneration  of  Managerial  Personnel  -  14%  Average decrease in remuneration of employees other than the  Managerial Personnel - 48%  The  decrease  in  remuneration  of  other  than  managerial  personnel is on account of the resignation/retirements during  the financial year  (vi)  Affirmation  that  the  remuneration  is  as  per  the  remuneration policy of the company  The remuneration is as per the Nomination and Remuneration  Policy for  the  Directors,  Key  Managerial  Personnel and Other  Employees  of  the  Company,  formulated  pursuant  to  the  provisions of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information as per Rule 5 of Companies (Appointment and Remuneration Rules, 2014)

The  statement  containing  names  of  top  ten  employees  in  terms  of  remuneration  drawn  and  the  particulars  of  employees as required under Section 197(12) of the Act read with Rule 5(2) and 5(3) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, is provided in a separate annexure forming part of this report. Further, the report and the accounts are being sent to the Members excluding the aforesaid annexure. In terms of Section 136 of the Act, the said annexure is open for inspection at the Registered Office of the Company. Any Member interested in obtaining a copy of the same may write to the Company Secretary.

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T Shivaraman Managing Director &amp; CEO

DIN: 01312018

R Ganapathi

Director

DIN: 00103623

Chennai April 20, 2023

## Report On Corporate Governance

The Board's Report on Compliance of the Corporate Governance is given below.

## Our philosophy on Code of Corporate Governance:

The  corporate  governance  philosophy  of  your  Company  is based on the tenets of integrity, accountability, transparency, value  and  ethics.  The  Company's  guiding  principle  is  that the  strong  relationship  between  culture  and  strategy  will consistently produce improved financial performance, better employee engagement, ethical behaviour and stakeholder's  satisfaction.  The  Company  is  in  compliance with the requirements stipulated under Regulation 17 to 27 read with Schedule V and clauses (b) to (i) of sub-regulation (2)  of  Regulation  46  of  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of India (Listing Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('SEBI Listing Regulations'), as applicable, with regard to corporate governance.

## Board of Directors

## Composition  and  category  of  Directors  as  on  March  31, 2023:

The  Company  has  a  very  balanced  and  diverse  Board  of Directors, which primarily takes care of the business needs and stakeholders' interest.

The Company's Board members are from diverse backgrounds with skills and experience in critical areas like manufacturing, global finance, taxation banking, entrepreneurship, and general management. Many of them have worked extensively in senior management positions with a deep understanding of  the  global  business  environment.  The  Board  reviews  its strength and composition from time to time to ensure that it  remains  aligned  with  the  statutory,  as  well  as  business requirements.

The composition of the Board is in conformity with Regulation 17 of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 read with Section 149 and 152 of the Act with optimum combination of executive and non-executive directors and with a woman director. The total Board strength comprises of:

| Executive  Director  Non- Executive  Director  Independent  Director  Total  Strength  1  2  3  6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

None  of  the  Directors  have  any  inter-se  relation  among themselves or any employees of the Company.

Directors  are  appointed  or  re-appointed  with  the  approval of the shareholders and shall remain in office in accordance with the retirement policy laid down by the Board from timeto-time. All the Non- Executive Directors (except Managing Director  and  Independent  Directors)  are  liable  to  retire by  rotation  unless  otherwise  specifically  approved  by  the shareholders.

## Board:

The Board generally meets 4 times during the year. Additional meetings are held as and when required. The Directors are also given an option of attending the board meeting through video  conferencing.  During  the  year  ended  on  March  31, 2023,  the  Board  of  Directors  had  9  meetings.  These  were held on 19th April 2022, 20th May 2022, 30th May 2022 29th July 2022, 5th September 2022, 2nd November 2022, 23rd December 2022, 2nd January 2023 and 30th January 2023. The  last  Annual  General  Meeting  ('AGM')  was  held  on  30th June  2022.  The  attendance  record  of  the  Directors  at  the Board Meetings for the year ended March 31, 2023, and at the last AGM is as under:

| Name of Director  No of Board Meetings  Whether attended last AGM held on 30th June 2022  Held  Attended  Mr. K. S. Sripathi  @  3  3  NA  Mr. T. Shivaraman  9  9  Yes  Mr. P. Krishna Kumar  9  9  Yes  Mr. R. Sundararajan  9  6  Yes  Mr. R. Ganapathi  9  9  Yes  Ms. Chandra Ramesh  9  9  Yes  Mr. N. Rangachary  #  6  6  Yes  Maj. Gen. A.L. Suri (Retd.)  $  6  6  Yes   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- #  Mr. N. Rangachary retired from the position of Chairman, Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022

$  Maj. Gen. A.L. Suri (Retd.) retired from the position of Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022

@ Mr. K. S. Sripathi appointed as an Independent Director (Chairman) of the Company with effect from 3rd November 2022.

<!-- image -->

The composition of the Board and the number of other directorships held by each of the Directors is given in the table below:

| Name of Director  Category  Relationship  with other  Directors  Names of the listed entities  where the person is a  director and the category  of directorship  *  Directorships  held as on  March 31, 2023  **  Member in  Committees  -Position held  Member Chairman  Mr. K S Sripathi @  Independent Director, Chairman  None  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Mr. T. Shivaraman  Managing Director &amp; CEO  None  Nil  1  Nil  Nil  Mr. P. Krishna Kumar  Non - Executive,  Non - Independent Director  None  Nil  4  Nil  Nil  Mr. R. Sundararajan  Non - Executive,  Non - Independent Director  None  Nil  3  Nil  Nil  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Non - Executive,  Independent  Director  None  1.  Trigyn Technologies  Limited - Director  2.  Elnet Technologies  Limited - Director  10  3  Nil  Ms. Chandra Ramesh  Non - Executive,  Independent  Director  None  Nil  4  2  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes Directorship in the Companies incorporated under the Companies Act, 1956/2013.

**Only membership in the Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee of the listed companies are considered except Orient Green Power Company Limited.

@ Mr.  K.  S.  Sripathi  appointed  as  an  Independent  Director (Chairman) of the Company with effect from 3rd November 2022

None of  the  Directors  is  a  Director  in  more  than  10  Public Limited  Companies  or  acts  as  an  Independent  Director  in more than 7 Listed Companies. Further, none of the Director acts  as  a  member  of  more  than  10  committees  or  acts  as a  chairman  of  more  than  5  committees  across  all  Listed Companies in which he/she is a Director.

The Independent Directors have confirmed that they satisfy the 'criteria of independence' as stipulated in the Regulation 16(1) (b) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

## Key Board Qualifications, expertise and attributes

The  Board  comprises  qualified  members  who  bring  in the  required  skills,  competence  and  expertise  that  allow them to  make  effective  contributions  to  the  Board  and  its Committees. The Board members are committed to ensuring that the Board is in compliance with the highest standards of corporate governance.

The Following is the list of core skills/expertise/competencies identifies by the Board of Directors as required in the context of  the  company's  aforesaid  business  for  it  to  function effectively and those available with the Board as a Whole.

Operation : Experience in Operation

Financial  Skills :  Understanding  the  Financial  Statements, Financial Controls, Risk Management etc.,

Board Service and Governance : Strategic thinking, decision making and protect interest of all stakeholders.

Others :  Technical  and  Professional  Skills  and  knowledge including legal and regulatory aspects.

## Separate Meeting of Independent Directors:

As  stipulated  by  the  Code  of  Independent  Directors  under Schedule IV of the Companies Act, 2013 and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, a separate meeting  of  the  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company was  held  on  30.01.2023  without  the  attendance  of  nonindependent directors and members of the Management. At such  meetings,  the  independent  directors  discuss,  among other  matters,  the  performance  of  the  Company  and  risks faced by it, the flow of information to the Board, governance, compliance,  Board  movements,  and  performance  of  the executive  members  and  other  members  of  the  Board  on  a whole.

## Declaration by Independent Directors

The  Company  has  received  necessary  declarations  from each  independent  director  under  Section  149(7)  of  the Companies  Act,  2013,  that  he  /  she  meets  the  criteria  of independence laid down in Section 149(6) of the Companies Act, 2013 and Regulation 25 of the Listing Regulations. The Board confirms that, in its opinion, the independent directors fulfil the conditions as specified in the Regulation 16 of the

Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and they are independent of the management.

## Familiarization Programme for Independent Directors

The Board members of Orient Green Power Company Limited (Independent and Non-Independent)  are afforded every opportunity to familiarize themselves with the Company, its management and its operations and above all the Industry perspective &amp; issues. They are made to interact with senior management  personnel  and  are  given  all  the  documents sought  by  them  for  enabling  a  good  understanding  of  the Company, its various operations and the industry of which it is a part.

The  Company  will  impart  Familiarization  Programmes  for new  Independent  Directors  inducted  on  the  Board  of  the Company.  The  Familiarization  Programme  of  the  Company will provide information relating to the Company, wind energy / renewable energy industry, business model of the Company, geographies in which Company operates, etc. The programme also  intends  to  improve  awareness  of  the  Independent Directors  on  their  roles,  rights,  responsibilities  towards the  Company.  Further,  the  Familiarization  Programme  also provides information relating to the financial performance of the Company and budget, control process of the Company. The Managing Director or such other authorized officer(s) of the  Company  shall  lead  the  Familiarization  Programme  on aspects relating to business / industry. The Chief Financial Officer  or  such  other  authorized  officer(s)  of  the  Company may  participate  in  the  programme  for  providing  inputs  on financial  performance of the Company and budget, control process,  etc.  weblink:  http://orientgreenpower.com/files/ Details-of-Familiarisation-Programmes-for-IndependentDirectors.pdf

## Evaluation of the Board's Performance

The Board of Directors has carried out an annual evaluation of  its  own  performance,  board  committees,  and  individual directors  pursuant  to  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  SEBI Listing Regulations.

In a separate meeting of independent directors, performance of non-independent directors, the board as a whole and the Chairman of the Company was evaluated, taking into account the views of executive directors and non-executive directors.

The Board and the Nomination and Remuneration Committee reviewed the performance of individual directors on the basis of criteria such as the contribution of the individual director to the board and committee meetings like preparedness on the  issues  to  be  discussed,  meaningful  and  constructive contribution and inputs in meetings, etc.

In  the  board  meeting  that  followed  the  meeting  of  the independent directors  and  meeting  of  the  Nomination  and Remuneration Committee, the performance of the board, its committees, and individual directors was also discussed.

Performance evaluation of independent directors was done by the entire board, excluding the independent director being evaluated.

The  Directors  were  satisfied  with  the  evaluation  results, which reflected the overall engagement of the Board and its Committees with the Company.

## Policy on directors' appointment and remuneration

The current policy is to have an appropriate mix of executive and non-executive directors to maintain the independence of  the  Board and separate its functions of governance and management. As of March 31, 2023, the Board has 6 members. The policy of the Company  on  directors'  appointment and  remuneration,  including  the  criteria  for  determining qualifications, positive attributes, independence of a director and other matters, as required under sub-section (3) of Section 178 of the Companies Act, 2013, is available on our website  at  http://orientgreenpower.com/files/NominationRemuneration-Policy.pdf

We affirm that the remuneration paid to the directors is as per the terms laid out in the Nomination and Remuneration Policy of the Company.

## CEO and CFO certification:

As  required  by  the  Listing  Regulations,  the  CEO  and  CFO certification is provided in this Annual Report.

## Code of Conduct

The Board of Directors has laid down a Code of Conduct for Business and Ethics (the Code) for all the Board members and all the employees in the management grade of the Company. The  Code  covers  amongst  other  things  the  Company's commitment  to  honest  &amp;  ethical  personal  conduct,  fair competition, corporate social responsibility, sustainable environment, health &amp; safety, transparency and compliance of laws &amp; regulations etc. The Code of Conduct is posted on the website of the Company http://orientgreenpower.com/ files/Code-of-Conduct-Directors-and-Senior-Management. pdf

All  the  Board  members  and  senior  management  personnel have confirmed compliance with the code.

A declaration to that effect signed by the Managing Director &amp; CEO of your company forms part of this report.

## Significant and material orders

There are no significant and material orders passed by the regulators or courts or tribunals impacting the going concern status and Company's operations in future.

## Prevention of Insider Trading

As per SEBI (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulation, 2015, the Company has adopted a Code of Conduct for Prohibition of  Insider  Trading.  All  the  Directors,  promoters,  officers as defined under Companies Act 2013, all employees in the grade  of  M2  and  above  of  the  Company  and  its  material subsidiaries,  all  other  employees  of  the  Company  and  its material subsidiaries,  who  have  access  to  unpublished price sensitive information in various business divisions are governed by this code.

The trading window is closed during the time of declaration of results and occurrence of any material events as per the code. The Company has appointed Ms. M Kirithika, Company Secretary  as  Compliance  Officer,  who  is  responsible  for setting forth procedures and implementation of the code for trading in Company's securities. During the year under review there has been due compliance with the said code.

The  Code  of  Conduct  for  Prohibition  of  Insider  Trading is posted on the website of the Company http:// orientgreenpower.com/files/Code-of-Conduct-to-RegulateMonitor-and-Report-Trading-by-Insiders.pdf

## Whistle Blower Policy/Vigil Mechanism:

The  Company  believes  in  the  conduct  of  its  affairs  and that of its constituents in a fair and transparent manner by adopting  highest  standards  of  professionalism,  honesty, integrity and ethical behaviour. Towards  this end, the Company has formulated the personnel policies that should govern  the  actions  of  the  Company,  its  constituents  and their  employees.  Any  actual  or  potential  violation  of  the policy, howsoever insignificant or perceived as such, would be a matter of serious concern for the Company. The role of the employees in pointing out such violations of the policy cannot be undermined.

All Employees of the Company are eligible to make Protected Disclosures under the Policy. The Protected Disclosures may be in relation to matters concerning the Company. During the Period under review, no personnel has been denied access to the audit committee.

All Protected Disclosures should be addressed to the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Company.

The contact details of the Chairman of the Audit Committee are as under:

## The Chairman Audit Committee Orient Green Power Company Limited Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai 600017

Protected  Disclosures  should  preferably  be  reported  in writing so as to ensure a clear understanding of the issues raised  and  should  either  be  typed  or  written  in  a  legible handwriting in English, Hindi or in the regional language of the place of employment of the Whistle Blower.

The  Protected  Disclosure  should  be  forwarded  under  a covering letter  which  shall  bear  the  identity  of  the  Whistle Blower. The Chairman of the Audit Committee shall detach the covering letter and discuss the Protected Disclosure with Members of the Audit Committee and if deemed fit, forward the  Protected  Disclosure  for  investigation.  Till  date,  no person has been denied access to the audit committee under the vigil mechanism.

The  Whistle  Blower  Policy  is  posted  on  the  website  of  the Company http://orientgreenpower.com/files/WhistleBlower-Policy.pdf

## Committees of the Board:

The  Board  is  responsible  for  constituting,  reconstituting, appointing  the  Committee  Members  and  also  defining  its Charters.

The Chairman of the Committee or Members in consultation with the Company Secretary, determine the frequency and duration  of  the  Committee  Meetings.  Normally,  the  Audit Committee  and  the  Stakeholders'  Relationship  Committee meets minimum of four times a year, the Risk Management Committee  meets  minimum  of  two  times  in  a  year,  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee meets minimum of one time in a year and the remaining committees meets as and when the need arises. The recommendations of the committees are submitted to the entire Board for approval. During  the  year,  all  recommendations  of  the  committees were approved by the Board.

The quorum  of the meeting of the Audit  Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee and Stakeholders' Relationship  Committee  shall  be  either  two  members  or one third of the total number of members of the Committee whichever is higher.

## 1. Audit Committee:

Audit Committee is constituted in accordance with Section 177  of  the  Companies  Act  2013  and  Regulation  18  of  the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

Our Audit Committee comprises three Independent Directors and one Non-Independent Director as on March 31, 2023.

## Composition of Audit Committee:

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Chairman  -  Non-Executive  - Independent Director  2  Mr. K S Sripathi  Member - Non-Executive -  Independent Director  3  Mr. R. Sundararajan  Member - Non-Executive -  Non Independent Director  4  Ms. Chandra Ramesh  Member - Non-Executive -  Independent Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Terms of reference, Powers and Scope:

1. Oversight of the company's financial reporting process and the disclosure of its financial information to ensure that  the  financial  statement  is  correct,  sufficient  and credible;
2. Recommendation  for  appointment,  remuneration  and terms of appointment of auditors of the company;
3. Approval of payment to statutory auditors for any other services rendered by the statutory auditors;
4. Reviewing, with the management, the annual financial statements and auditor's report thereon before submission  to  the  board  for  approval,  with  particular reference to:
- Matters  required  to  be  included  in  the  Director's Responsibility  Statement  to  be  included  in  the Board's report in terms of clause (c) of sub-section 3 of section 134 of the Companies Act, 2013;
- Changes, if any, in accounting policies and practices and reasons for the same;
- Major accounting entries involving estimates based on the exercise of judgment by management;
- Significant  adjustments  made  in  the  financial statements arising out of audit findings;
- Compliance with listing and other legal requirements relating to financial statements;
- Disclosure of any related party transactions; and
- Qualifications in the draft audit report.
5. Reviewing, with the management, the quarterly financial statements before submission to the board for approval;
6. Reviewing,  with  the  management,  the  statement  of uses  /  application  of  funds  raised  through  an  issue (public issue, rights issue, preferential issue, etc.), the statement  of  funds  utilized  for  purposes  other  than those stated in the offer document / prospectus / notice and  the  report  submitted  by  the  monitoring  agency monitoring  the  utilisation  of  proceeds  of  a  public  or rights issue, and making appropriate recommendations to the Board to take up steps in this matter;
7. Review  and  monitor  the  auditor's  independence  and performance, and effectiveness of audit process;
8. Approval or any subsequent modification of transactions of the company with related parties;
9. Scrutiny of inter-corporate loans and investments;
10. Valuation  of  undertakings  or  assets  of  the  company, wherever it is necessary;
11. Evaluation of internal financial controls and risk management systems;
12. Reviewing,  with  the  management,  performance  of statutory and internal auditors, adequacy of the internal control systems;
13. Reviewing  the  adequacy  of  internal  audit  function, if  any,  including  the  structure  of  the  internal  audit department, staffing and seniority of the official heading the department, reporting structure coverage and frequency of internal audit;
14. Discussion  with  internal  auditors  of  any  significant findings and follow up there on;
15. Reviewing  the  findings  of  any  internal  investigations by  the  internal  auditors  into  matters  where  there  is suspected  fraud  or  irregularity  or  a  failure  of  internal control systems of a material nature and reporting the matter to the board;
16. Discussion  with  statutory  auditors  before  the  audit commences,  about  the  nature  and  scope  of  audit  as well  as  post-audit  discussion  to  ascertain  any  area  of concern;
17. T o  look  into  the  reasons  for  substantial  defaults  in the  payment  to  the  depositors,  debenture  holders, shareholders  (in  case  of  non-payment  of  declared dividends) and creditors;
18. T o review the functioning of the Whistle Blower mechanism;
19. Approval  of  appointment  of  CFO  (i.e.,  the  whole-time Finance Director or any other person heading the finance function  or  discharging  that  function)  after  assessing the qualifications, experience and background, etc. of the candidate;
20. Carrying out any other function as is mentioned in the terms of reference of the Audit Committee;
21. Reviewing the utilization of loans and/ or advances from/ investment  by  the  holding  company  in  the  subsidiary exceeding  rupees  100  crore  or  10%  of  the  asset  size of the subsidiary, whichever is lower including existing loans / advances / investments existing as on the date of coming into force of this provision.
22. Consider  and  comment  on  rationale,  cost-benefits and  impact  of  schemes  involving  merger,  demerger,

<!-- image -->

amalgamation etc., on the listed entity and its shareholders;

23. T o  carry out such other functions as may be specified by  the  Board  from  time  to  time  or  specified/provided under  the  Companies  Act,  2013  or  the  Securities  and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015,  each  as amended or by any other regulatory authority.
24. The  Audit  Committee  shall  mandatorily  review  the following information:
- management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations;
- management  letters  /  letters  of  internal  control weaknesses issued by the statutory auditors;
- internal  audit  reports  relating  to  internal  control weaknesses; and
- the appointment, removal and terms of remuneration of the chief internal auditor shall be subject to review by the audit committee.
- statement of deviations:
- a) quarterly statement of deviation(s) including report of  monitoring agency, if applicable, submitted to stock exchange(s) in terms of Regulation 32(1).
- b) annual  statement  of  funds  utilized  for  purposes other  than  those  stated  in  the  offer  document/ prospectus/notice in terms of Regulation 32(7).

## Audit Committee attendance

During the year, Five Audit Committee meetings were held on 20th May 2022, 29th July 2022, 5th September 2022, 2nd November  2022  and  30th  January  2023.  The  attendance details of the audit committee meetings are as follows.

| Members  No. of  Meetings  held  No. of  Meetings  Attended  Mr. R. Ganapathi - Chairman  5  5  Mr. R. Sundararajan - Member  5  4  #Mr. N. Rangachary - Member  4  4  $Maj. Gen. A.L. Suri (Retd.) -  Member  4  4  Ms. Chandra Ramesh - Member  1  1  Mr. K S Sripathi - Member  1  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Mr. N. Rangachary retired from the position of Chairman, Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022.

$  Maj.  Gen.  A.L.  Suri  (Retd.)  retired  from  the  position  of Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022.

As a result of resignation of Mr. N. Rangachary and Maj. Gen. A.L. Suri (Retd.), the Audit Committee was reconstituted and included Ms. Chandra Ramesh in the Audit Committee.

Further the Audit Committee was reconstituted by including Mr. K S Sripathi vide circular resolution dated 30th January 2023

Ms. M Kirithika, Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Audit Committee.

Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  was  present  at  the  last Annual General Meeting to answer the shareholders queries. Relying on the discussions with  the  Management,  the committee believes that the Company's financial statements are fairly presented in conformity with IND AS, and that there is  no  material  discrepancy  or  weakness  in  the  Company's internal  control  over  financial  reporting.  In  conclusion,  the committee  is  sufficiently  satisfied  that  it  has  complied with its  responsibilities  as  outlined  in  the  audit  committee charter.

Mr. R Ganapathi, Chairperson of the Committee, was present at the last AGM held on June 30, 2022.

## 2. Stakeholders' Relationship Committee

Stakeholders'  Relationship  Committee  is  responsible  for the satisfactory redressal of investors' complaints  and recommends measures for overall improvement in the quality of investor services.

Stakeholders' Relationship Committee  is constituted in accordance with Section 178 (5) of the Companies Act 2013 and  Regulation  20  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015.The Stakeholders' Relationship Committee has three Directors comprises of Executive, Non-Executive and Independent Director.

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R. Sundararajan  Chairman - Non-Executive - Non  Independent Director  2  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  3  Mr. T Shivaraman  Member - Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Terms of reference, Powers and Scope

- 1) Investor relations and redressal of shareholders grievances  in  general  and  relating  to  non-receipt  of dividends, interest, non- receipt of Balance Sheet etc.;
- 2) Such other matters as may from time to time be required by any statutory, contractual or other regulatory requirements to be attended to by such committee;
- 3) The Committee also looks into the letters / complaints received  from  the  shareholders  /  investors  /  stock

exchanges  /  SEBI  and  then  review  the  same  with the  Registrar.  These  letters  /  complaints  are  replied immediately  /  redressed  to  the  satisfaction  of  the shareholders.  The  committee  reviews  periodically  the action  taken  by  the  company  and  the  Share  Transfer Agents  in  this  regard.  The  pendency  report  if  any, and the time taken to redress the complaints are also reviewed by the Committee;

- 4) Resolving the grievances of the security holders of the listed  entity  including  complaints  related  to  transfer/ transmission  of  shares,  non-receipt  of  annual  report, non-receipt of declared dividends, issue of new/ duplicate certificates, general meetings etc.
- 5) Review  of  measures  taken  for  effective  exercise  of voting rights by shareholders;
- 6) Review of adherence to the service standards adopted by the listed entity in respect of various services being rendered by the Registrar &amp; Share Transfer Agent; and
- 7) Review of the various measures and initiatives taken by the listed entity for reducing the quantum of unclaimed dividends and  ensuring timely receipt of dividend warrants/annual reports/statutory notices by the shareholders of the company.

## Stakeholders' Relationship Committee attendance

During the year, Five Stakeholders' Relationship Committee meetings  were  held  on  20th  May  2022,  29th  July  2022, 2nd November 2022, 09th January 2023 and 30th January 2023.

| Members  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  Mr. R. Sundararajan - Chairman  5  3  Mr. R. Ganapathi - Member  5  5  Mr. T Shivaraman - Member  5  5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ms.  M.  Kirithika,  Company  Secretary  is  designated  as  the 'Compliance  Officer'  who  oversees  the  redressal  of  the investors' grievances.

Mr.  R  Sundararajan,  Chairperson  of  the  Committee,  was present at the last AGM held on June 30, 2022.

## Shareholder's Complaints during the FY 2022-2023:

| Number of shareholders'  complaints received  during the financial year  Number of complaints  not solved to the  satisfaction of  shareholders  Number of  pending  complaints  Nil  Nil  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Nomination and Remuneration Committee:

Nomination  and  Remuneration  Committee is  constituted in  accordance with Section 178 of the Companies Act 2013 and Regulation 19 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee (the Committee)  assists  the  Board  of  Directors  (the  Board)  of the  Company  in  fulfilling  its  responsibilities  for  corporate governance  and  oversight  of  Company's  nomination  and remuneration  policies  and  practices  which  enables  it  to attract  and  retain  senior  management  of  the  Company (comprising  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  such  other individuals as the Committee determines from time to time (Senior Management) and appropriately align their interests with those of key stakeholders.

Our Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprises of three members out of which two are Independent Directors.

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Chairman  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  2  Ms. Chandra  Ramesh  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  3  Mr. R. Sundararajan  Member - Non-Executive - Non -  Independent Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year, Three Nomination and Remuneration Committee  meetings  were  held  on  30th    May  2022,  2nd November 2022 and 30th January 2023.

| Members  No. of  meetings  held  No. of  meetings  attended  Mr. R. Ganapathi - Chairman  3  3  $  Maj. Gen. A.L.Suri (Retd.) - Member  2  2  Mr. R. Sundararajan - Member  3  3  Ms. Chandra Ramesh - Member  1  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- $ Maj.  Gen.  A.L.  Suri  (Retd.)  retired  from  the  position  of Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022.

As  result  of  resignation  of  Maj.  Gen.  A.L.  Suri  (Retd.),  the Nomination and Remuneration Committee was reconstituted on 02nd November 2022 by including Ms. Chandra Ramesh in the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

Company Secretary acts as the Secretary of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee.

## Terms of reference, Powers and Scope:

1. The  committee shall have the power to determine the Company's  policy  on  specific  remuneration  packages

<!-- image -->

including  pension  rights  and  other  compensation  for executive directors and other senior employees of the Company equivalent to or higher than the rank of VicePresident and the committee shall have the jurisdiction over the matters listed below and for this purpose the Remuneration  Committee  shall  have  full  access  to information  contained  in  the  records  of  the  Company and external professional advice, if necessary:

- a. T o  fix  and  finalise  remuneration  including  salary, perquisites, benefits, bonuses, allowances, etc.;
- b. Fixed  and  performance  linked  incentives  along with the performance criteria;
- c. Increments and Promotions;
- d. Service Contracts, notice period, severance fees; and
- e. Ex-gratia payments.
2. For every appointment of an independent director, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall evaluate the balance of skills, knowledge and experience on the Board  and  on  the  basis  of  such  evaluation,  prepare  a description of the role and capabilities required of an independent director. The person recommended to the Board for appointment as an independent director shall have  the  capabilities  identified  in  such  description. For the purpose of identifying suitable candidates, the Committee may:
- a) use the services of an external agencies, if required;
- b) consider candidates from a wide range of backgrounds, having due regard to diversity; and
- c) consider the time commitments of the candidates.
- 3) Formulation of the criteria for determining qualifications, positive attributes and independence of a director and recommend to the Board a policy, relating to  the  remuneration  of  the  directors,  key  managerial personnel and other employees;
- 4) Formulation  of  criteria  for  evaluation  of  Independent Directors and the Board;
- 5) Devising a policy on Board diversity; and
- 6) Determining whether to extend or continue the term of appointment of the independent director, on the basis of the report of performance evaluation of independent directors.
- 7) Identifying persons who are qualified to  become directors and who may be appointed in senior management in accordance with the criteria laid down and  recommend  to  the  Board  their  appointment  and removal. The company shall disclose the remuneration
15. policy and the evaluation criteria in its Annual Report.
- 8) Recommend to the board, all remuneration, in whatever form, payable to senior Management

As required under the SEBI Listing Regulations, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall meet at least once a year, and the chairperson of the committee shall be present at the annual general meetings to answer queries of the shareholders. The quorum for each meeting of the said committee shall be either two members or one-third of the members of the committee whichever is greater, including at least one independent director in presence.

The nomination and remuneration committee charter and  policy  are  available  on  our  website  at  http://www. orientgreenpower.com/files/Nomination-RemunerationPolicy-April-2023.pdf

Mr. R Ganapathi, Chairperson of the Committee, was present at the last AGM held on June 30, 2022.

## Details of Remuneration paid to the Directors for the year ended 31st March 2023

## (1)

## Executive Directors (Rs. in Lakhs)

| Name &amp; Position  Salary  Mr. T Shivaraman - Managing Director &amp; CEO  Salary and other Perquisites*  45.00  Performance Bonus  -  Total  45.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* drawn from 1 st  July 2022.

## 2) Non-Executive Directors

Remuneration by way of Sitting Fees is paid to Directors at Rs.15,000/- for attending each Meeting of the Board and Rs.10,000/- for attending each Committee Meetings i.e. for Audit Committee and Stakeholders Relationship Committee.

Particulars  of  Sitting  Fees  including  for  attending  the Board  /Committee  Meetings  paid  to  Directors  during the financial year 2022-23 are as follows:

| Name  Sitting fees paid for Board and  Committee Meetings (Rs.)  Board  Committee  Mr. N. Rangachary #  90,000  40,000  Mr. R. Sundararajan  90,000  70,000  Maj. Gen. A.L. Suri (Retd.) $  90,000  40,000  Mr. R. Ganapathi  1,35,000  1,00,000  Ms. Chandra Ramesh  1,35,000  10,000  Mr. K S Sripathi  @  45,000  10,000  Total  8,55,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Mr.  N.  Rangachary  retired  from  the  position  of  Chairman, Independent  Director  of  the  Company  with  effect  from  2nd November 2022

$ Maj.  Gen.  A.L.  Suri  (Retd.)  retired  from  the  position  of Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November 2022

@ Mr.  K.  S.  Sripathi  appointed  as  an  Independent  Director (Chairman) of the Company with effect from 3rd November 2022.

## Details of shares held by the Directors as on March 31, 2023

| S.No.  Name of the Director  Number of  Shares  1  Mr. T. Shivaraman- Managing Director &amp; CEO  2,33,500  2  Mr. R. Sundararajan - Non- Executive Director  64,846  3  Ms. Chandra Ramesh - Independent Director  10,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Risk Management Committee:

Regulation  21  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of India (Listing Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015 mandates constitution of the Risk Management  Committee.  The  Committee  is  required  to laydown the procedures to inform to the Board about the risk assessment and minimization procedures and the Board shall be responsible for framing, implementing and monitoring the risk management plan of the Company.

The Committee reviews the risk trend, exposure and potential impact  analysis  carried  out  by  the  management.  It  was specifically confirmed to the Committee by the MD &amp; CEO and the CFO that the mitigation plans are finalised and up to date, owners are identified and the progress of mitigation actions are monitored. The Risk Management Committee shall meet periodically, as it deems fit.

Risk  Management Committee is constituted in accordance with  Regulation  21  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

The Risk Management Committee comprises of the following members:

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Chairman - Non-Executive -  Independent Director  2  Mr. T Shivaraman  Member - Executive Director  3  Mr. P. Krishna Kumar  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Non Independent Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Investment /Banking/ Borrowing Committee

The Investment/Banking/ Borrowing Committee comprises as follows:

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Chairman  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  2  Mr. T Shivaraman  Member - Executive Director  3  Mr. P. Krishna  Kumar  Member -  Non-Executive  -  Non  Independent Director   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Quorum: The quorum of the meeting of the committee shall be either two members or one third of the total number of members of the committee whichever is higher.

## Terms of reference:

- T o  make  Subscription  /  Contribution  to  share  capital, public  /  rights  issue  and  un-subscribed  portion  of rights issues, subscription to additional share capital, participation  by  way  of  private  placement,  including investment of funds abroad.
- T o  form Strategic alliance / mergers, acquisitions, etc. of  subsidiaries  with  other  organizations,  both  foreign and  domestic,  and  entering  into  MoU  /  Shareholders Agreements.
- T o  invest/disinvest  funds  of  the  Company  in  fixed  / term deposits with bank(s), bodies corporate in shares / debentures (convertible or non-convertible) of companies,  Government  securities  (Central,  State  or semi-Government).
- To grant loans or invest in securities of subsidiaries
- To issue Corporate Guarantee on behalf of subsidiaries
- T o  grant loans, invest funds of the Company in Fixed / Term Deposits with banks or with Body Corporates in shares or debentures (convertible and non-convertible), Government Securities (Central / State / Semi Government) and / or acquisition by way of subscription, purchase or otherwise the securities of any other body corporate,  or  in  subsidiaries  other  than  wholly  owned subsidiaries
- Approval  of  signing  officers  for  banking,  borrowing and  investing  activities  including  day  to  day  banking activities such as Opening of Current/Escrow Account, Availing of Internet Banking, Mobile Banking and availing of  other  Banking  services,  Change  in  Signatories  and closure of Bank accounts etc.
- Interest  rates,  exchange  rates,  and  commodity  price risk mitigation and other investment strategies;
- Policies  and  practices  related  to  assessing  financial instruments, banking, Investments, and acquisition of funds, including borrowing and leasing.
- T o apply and obtain temporary overdraft facilities.

<!-- image -->

## 6. Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee:

Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee is constituted in accordance with the provisions of Section 135 of the Act.

Our CSR committee comprises of three directors as members out of which two are Independent Directors.

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R. Ganapathi  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  2  Mr. K S Sripathi  @  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  3  Mr. T Shivaraman  Member - Executive Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

@ Maj.  Gen.  A.L.  Suri  (Retd.)  retired  from  the  position  of Independent Director of the Company with effect from 2nd November  2022.  As  result  of  resignation  of  Maj.  Gen.  A.L. Suri (Retd.), the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee was  reconstituted  on  02nd  November  2022  by  including Mr.  K  S  Sripathi  in  the  Corporate  Social  Responsibility Committee.

The Company Secretary of the Company will be the secretary to  the  Corporate  Social  Responsibility  Committee.  The Committee shall meet periodically, as it deems fit.

The CSR committee was set up to formulate and monitor the CSR policy of the Company. The CSR committee adopted a policy  that  outlines  the  Company's  objective  of  catalyzing economic development that positively improves the quality of life for the society, and aims to be a responsible corporate citizen and create positive impact through its activities on the environment, communities and stakeholders.

Since, our Company is not making any profits, we could not spend any amount for CSR as prescribed under Section 135(5) of the Companies, Act, 2013 and we are yet to commence our CSR operations.

The CSR policy of the Company is available on our website at http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Policy-on-CSR.pdf

## 7. Rights Issue Committee

Our  Rights  Issue  Committee  consist  of  three  directors  as members,

| S.No.  Name  Category  1  Mr. R Ganapathi  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  2  Ms. Chandra Ramesh  Member  -  Non-Executive  -  Independent Director  3  Mr. T Shivaraman  Member - Executive Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company Secretary of the Company will be the secretary to  the  Rights  Issue  Committee.  The  Committee  shall  meet periodically, as it deems fit.

## A. the Regulations governing the Committee are:

1. The  Committee  should  have  a  minimum  of  three directors.
2. The Members of the committee shall elect a chairman from among themselves to chair all the meetings of the Committee.
3. The  quorum of the meeting of the committee shall be either two members or one-third of the total number of members of the Rights Issue Committee whichever is higher.
4. The  Committee  shall  invite  such  executives,  as  it considers  appropriate,  but  at  times  it  may  also  meet without the presence of any executives of the company.
5. All regulations pertaining to the meetings  of the committees of the board as contained in the Articles of Association of the company in so far as they are not repugnant to the context and meeting of the provisions contained herein, shall mutatis-mutandis, apply to the meetings of this committee.
6. The minutes of the committee meetings shall be placed before the board and shall be noted by the directors.

## B. Powers of the Rights Issue Committee.

1. constituting  a  committee  for  the  purposes  of  any issue, offer and allotment of Equity Shares, and other matters in connection with or incidental to the Rights Issue, including constitution such other committees of the Board, as may be required under Applicable Laws, including the listing agreement to be entered into by the Company with the Stock Exchanges;
2. authorization of any director or directors of the Company or other officer or officers of the Company, including by the grant of power of attorney, to do such acts, deeds and  things  as  such  authorised  person  in  his/her/its absolute discretion may deem necessary or desirable in connection with any issue, offer and allotment of Equity Shares;
3. giving  or  authorizing  any  concerned  person  on  behalf of  the  Company  to  give  such  declarations,  affidavits, certificates, consents and authorities as may be required from time to time;
4. appointing the Lead Manager ('LM') in accordance with the provisions of the SEBI ICDR Regulations and other Applicable Laws;
5. seeking,  if  required,  any  approval,  consent  or  waiver from the Company's lenders, and/or parties with whom the  Company  has  entered  into  various  commercial and other agreements, and/or any/all concerned government  and  regulatory  authorities  in  India,  and/

- or  any  other  approvals,  consents  or  waivers  that  may be  required  in  connection  with  this  issue,  offer  and allotment of Rights Equity Shares;
6. approving  the  draft  letter  of  offer  (the  'DLOF')  and the  letter  of  offer  (the  'LOF')  and  any  amendments, supplements,  notices  or  corrigenda  thereto,  together with any summaries thereof;
7. deciding  the  pricing  and  terms  of  the  Rights  Equity Shares,  Right  Entitlement  Ratio,  Date  of  on-Market Renunciation, the Bid-Issue Opening and Closing Date, Discount (if any) and all other related matters, including the determination of the minimum subscription for the Issue, in accordance with Applicable Laws;
8. all  other related matters regarding the Issue, including the  execution  of  the  relevant  documents  with  the investors, in consultation with the LM and in accordance with Applicable Laws;
9. approval of the draft letter of offer (the 'DLOF') and the letter of offer (the 'LOF') (including amending, varying or modifying the same, as may be considered desirable or expedient) in relation to the Rights Issue as finalized in consultation with the LM, in accordance with Applicable Laws;
10. Withdrawing the DLOF not proceeding with the Issue at any stage in accordance with Applicable Laws;
11. seeking  the  listing  of  the  Rights  Equity  Shares  on  the Stock Exchanges, submitting the listing application to such Stock Exchanges and taking all actions that may be necessary in connection with obtaining such listing;
12. appointing,  in  consultation  with  the  LM,  the  registrar and  other  intermediaries  to  the  Issue,  in  accordance with  the  provisions  of  the  SEBI  ICDR  Regulations  and other Applicable Laws;
13. finalization  of  an  arrangement  for  filing  the  DLOF with  the  Stock  Exchanges  for  receiving  comments and  the  submission  of  the  LOF  to  the  SEBI  and  the Stock  Exchanges  and  any  corrigendum,  amendments supplements thereto;
14. authorization of  the  maintenance  of  a  register  of holders of the Equity Shares;
15. finalization  of  the  basis  of  allotment  of  the  Equity Shares;
16. acceptance and appropriation of the proceeds  of the  Issue  in  accordance  with  Applicable  Laws;  and to  do  any  other  act  and/or  deed,  to  negotiate  and execute any document(s), application(s), agreement(s), undertaking(s), deed(s), affidavits, declarations  and certificates, and/or to give such direction as it deems fit  or  as  may be necessary or desirable with regard to the Rights Issue.

## General Body Meetings/Postal Ballot:

## a. Details of last three Annual General Meeting (AGM) of the Company:

| For the year  Venue  Day and Date  Time  2021-22  through Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means  Deemed  Venue:  Bascon  Futura  SV,  4th  Floor,  No.10/1,  Venkatanarayana  Road, T.Nagar, Chennai 600017  Thursday  30.06.2022  11.00 A.M  2020-21  through Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means  Deemed  Venue:  Bascon  Futura  SV,  4th  Floor,  No.10/1,  Venkatanarayana  Road, T.Nagar, Chennai 600017  Wednesday  22.09.2021  11.00 A.M  2019-20  through Video Conferencing (VC)/ Other Audio Visual Means  Deemed Venue: Siggapi Achi building, 4th Floor, 18/3 Rukmini Lakshmipathi  Road,Egmore, Chennai 600 008.  Friday  25.09.2020  11.00 A.M   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Details of Special Resolution passed during the last three Annual General Meeting

| Date of  AGM  Whether  any Special  Resolution  was passed  Particulars  30 th  June  2022  Yes  1.   Appointment of  Mr. T Shivaraman, as  Managing Director &amp; CEO of the Company  for a period of 3 years from 30th March  2022 till 29th March 2025 and also for the  payment of his remuneration  2.   Approval of Material Related Party  Transaction(s)  3.   Adoption of Memorandum of Association  of the Company as per the provisions of  Companies Act 2013.  22 nd  September  2021  No  NA  25 th  September  2020  Yes  Approval of Re-appointment of  Mr. N. Rangachary (DIN: 00054437) as an  Independent Director   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b. Extraordinary General Meeting:

No Extraordinary General Meeting of the Members was held during FY 2022 -23.

## c. Details  of  the  meeting convened in pursuance of the order passed by the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT):

No meeting convened in pursuance of the order passed by  the  National  Company  Law  Tribunal  (NCLT)  during FY 2022 -23.

## d. Postal Ballot during the FY 2022 -23:

## · The  details  of  special  resolutions  passed  through Postal Ballot process are given below:

| S.No.  Subject matter of the  resolution passed  Date of the  Notice  Date of  Shareholder  approval  Date of  declaration  of result  1  Appointment of  Mr. K S Sripathi as an  Independent Director  of the Company  02nd  November  2022  01st  February  2023  01st  February  2023   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## · Details of Voting Pattern of Postal Ballot and E-Voting were as follows:

| Particulars  No. of  Total  Votes  Polled  No. of  Votes in  favour  % of  votes  Cast in  favour  No. of  Votes  against  % of  votes  Cast  against  Appointment of  Mr. K S Sripathi as  an Independent  Director of the  Company  263256171  263134476  99.95  121695  0.05   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The special resolutions was passed with requisite majority.

## · Person  who  conducted  the  aforesaid  postal  ballot exercise:

Mr. M Alagar (ICSI Membership No. FCS 7488) Practising Company  Secretary  of  M/s.  M  Alagar  &amp;  Associates conducted the aforesaid postal ballot exercise in a fair and transparent manner.

## · Procedure for Postal Ballot:

Pursuant  to  provisions  of  Section  108,  Section  110  of the  Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  the  Companies (Management and Administration) Rules, 2014 and the amendments made thereto ('The Rules') and Regulation 44  of  the  SEBI  (LODR),  M/s.  M  Alagar  &amp;  Associates Practising  Company  Secretaries,  Chennai,  appointed as  the  scrutinizer  for  carrying  out  the  Postal  Ballot process.  The  Company  had  engaged  the  services of  Central  Securities  Depository  Limited  (CDSL)  for providing  remote  e-Voting  facilities  to  the  Members, enabling them to cast their vote electronically and in a secure manner.

Postal Ballot Notice is being through electronic mode to  those  Members  whose  e-mail  addresses  are registered with the Depositories and through physical mode  to  those  mail  ids  are  not  registered  with  the depositories. The Company has completd the dispatch of the Notice along with Postal Ballot Form and a selfaddressed postage prepaid business reply envelope to the Members whose email id is not registered with the Company; and sent email through M/s. Cameo Corporate Services Limited (The Registrar) along with the detail of Login id and Password to the Members whose email id is registered with the Company on December 29, 2022.

The Scrutinizer, after the completion of scrutiny, submitted  his  report  on  February  01,  2023  and  were also  made  available  on  the  Company's  website  at www.orientgreenpower.com besides being communicated  to  BSE  Limited  (BSE),  National  Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and CDSL.

## Related party Transactions:

- There were  no  materially significant related party transactions,  with  Directors/Promoters/Management or  their  relatives  or  subsidiaries  that  had  potential conflict  with  the  interests  of  the  Company  at  large. Suitable  disclosures  as  required  by  the  Ind  AS  24  has been made in the Annual Report.
- Periodical disclosures from Senior Management relating to  all  material  financial  and  commercial  transactions, where they had or were deemed to have had personal interest, that might have had a potential conflict with the interest of the Company at large will be reviewed by the Audit Committee and the Board.

- Transactions with the related parties have been disclosed in Note  40  to the Standalone  Financial Statements in the Annual Report.

## Policy on Related party Transactions:

In  terms of Regulation 23 of the Securities and Exchange Board of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations,  2015),  the  Board  of  Directors  have  adopted  a policy to determine Related party Transactions.

The policy is placed on the website of the Company http:// orientgreenpower.com/files/Policy-on-Related-PartyTransactions.pdf

## Disclosure of Accounting Treatment:

The financial statements  of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Indian Accounting Standards ('Ind AS') notified under the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended by the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) (Amendment) Rules, 2016.

## Policy on Material Subsidiaries:

In  terms  of  Regulation  24  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements)  Regulations,  2015)    the  Board  of  Directors have  adopted  a  policy  with  regard  to  determination  of Material Subsidiaries. The policy is placed on the website of the  Company http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Policy-onMaterial-Unlisted-Subsidiary-Company.pdf

## Risk Management:

The  Company  has  laid  down  procedures  to  inform  Board members  about  the  risk  assessment  and  minimization procedures.  The  Audit  Committee/the  Board  periodically discusses  the  significant  business  risks  identified  by  the management and the mitigation process being taken up. A note on risk identification and mitigation is included in the Management Discussion and Analysis, annexed to the Annual Report.

## Compliance with Corporate Governance Norms

The Company has complied with the mandatory requirements of the Code of Corporate Governance as stipulated in Schedule V ( E ) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015. The  Company  has  submitted  the  compliance  report  in  the prescribed format to the stock exchanges for all the quarters including  the  quarter  ended  March  31,  2023.  The  Statutory Auditors  have  certified  that  the  Company  has  complied with  the  conditions  of  corporate  governance  as  stipulated in Schedule V ( E ) of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations  and  Disclosure  Requirements) Regulations,  2015.  The  said  certificate  is  annexed  to  this Report.

## Means of Communication:

## a) Calendar of financial year ended 31st March 2023

The Company follows April-March as the financial year. The meetings of the Board of Directors for approval of quarterly and  annual  financial  results  for  the  financial  year  ended March 31, 2023 were held on the following dates:

| Board Meeting dates  Approval sought for  May 20, 2022  Approval of Annual Audited  Financial results  July 29, 2022  Approval of Quarterly results  November 02, 2022  Approval of Half Yearly results  January 30, 2023  Approval of Nine Months results   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b) Quarterly, Half-yearly and Annual Results

The quarterly financial results are published within 48 hours of  the  conclusion  of  the  Board  Meeting  in  the  following Newspapers:

- Business Line (English)
- Business Standard (English)
- Makkal Kural (Tamil)

The  Financial  Results  are  also  displayed  on  http://www. orientgreenpower.com/newspaper-advertisement.asp

## c) Annual Reports and Annual General Meetings:

The  Annual  Reports  are  emailed  to  Members  and  others entitled to receive them. The Annual Reports are also available on the Company's website at http://www.orientgreenpower. com/annual-report.asp in a user-friendly downloadable form. In line with the MCA Circulars dated 5th May 2020, 13th January  2021  and  5th  May  2022  and  SEBI  Circulars  dated 12th May 2020, 15th January 2021 and 13th May 2022 and 5th January 2023 the Notice of the AGM along with the Annual Report 2022- 23 is being sent only through electronic mode to  those  Members  whose  e-mail  addresses  are  registered with the Company/ Depositories.

## d) Website:

Comprehensive information about the Company, its business and operations, Press Releases and investor information  can  be  viewed  at  the  Company's  website  at www.orientgreenpower.com. The 'Investor Relations' section serves to inform the investors by providing key and timely  information  like  financial  results,  annual  reports, shareholding pattern, press releases, Transcript etc.

## CEO/CFO Certification:

The  Managing  Director  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  (MD  &amp; CEO) and the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) have provided the compliance certificate in accordance with Regulation 17(8) of Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations

and  Disclosure  Requirements)  Regulations,  2015  for  the financial year ended March 31, 2023. The CEO/CFO Certificate is provided as Annexure to this report.

## Certificate from Practising Company Secretaries

A certificate has been received from M/s. Alagar &amp; Associates, CP.No.8196 Practising Company Secretaries, that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company has been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such statutory authority.

## Statutory Auditor's Remuneration

M/s. G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants (Firm Registration    No.    100515W)    have    been    appointed    as the  Statutory  Auditors  of  the  Company.  Total  amount  of Rs.  51  Lakhs  plus  tax  at  applicable  rates  is  paid  for  the financial  year  2022-23,  towards  audit  fee  for  the  Company and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis to the statutory auditors.

## Commodity price risk or foreign exchange risk and hedging activities:

Transactions  with  respect  to  this  have  been  disclosed  in Note 39 to the Standalone Financial Statements in the Annual Report.

## SEBI Listing Regulations:

The SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations ('the Listing Regulations') prescribe various corporate  governance  recommendations.  We  comply  with the  corporate  governance  requirements  under  the  Listing Regulations.

## Details of adoption of Non Mandatory requirements:

The  Company  has  also  ensured  the  implementation  of non-mandatory items such as:

- Separate posts of Chairman and MD/CEO,
- Unmodified audit opinions / reporting,
- The  internal  auditor  reporting  directly  to  the  audit committee.

## Other Disclosures:

- No  penalties  or  strictures  have  been  imposed  on  the Company by Stock Exchange or SEBI or any statutory authority  on  any  matter  related  to  capital  markets during the last three years.
- The  Company  has  in  place  a  mechanism  to  inform the  Board  members  about  the  Risk  assessment  and mitigation plans and periodical reviews to ensure that  the  critical  risks  are  controlled  by  the  executive management.
- There are no pecuniary relationships or transactions of Non-Executive Directors vis-à-vis the Company which has potential conflict with the interests of the Company at large.
- The  Independent  Directors  have  confirmed  that  they meet the criteria of 'Independence' as stipulated under  Section  149  (6)  of  the  Companies  Act  2013  and Regulation 16 of the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.
- The  details  with  respect  to  Sexual  Harassment  of Women  at  Workplace  have  been  disclosed  in  the Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report forming part of the Annual Report.
- No  loans or advances which are in the nature of loans have been granted by company to promoters, directors and KMPs (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with any other person.
- Details of the Material Subsidiaries:

| Disclosure on Material Subsidiaries  S.  No.  Name of  the Material  Subsidiaries  Date of  Incorporation  Place of  Incorporation  Name of the  Statutory  Auditor  Date of  Appointment/  Re-appointmet  of Statutory  Auditor  1  Beta Wind  Farm Private  Limited  27-02-2009  Tamil Nadu,  Chennai  G.D.Apte &amp;  Co, Chartered  Accountants  30.09.2022  2  Bharath Wind  Farm Limited  28-12-2006  Tamil Nadu,  Chennai  G.D.Apte &amp;  Co, Chartered  Accountants  02.07. 2018  3  Clarion Wind  Farm Private  Limited  16-05-2008  Chennai  G.D.Apte &amp;  Co, Chartered  Accountants  24.08.2018   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Plant Locations (Wind Farms) of the Group:

## Gamma Green Power Private Limited

- a) 11/93A, Keelaveeranam, V.K.Puthur Taluk, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- b) Devarkulam Post, Devarkulam, Shankarankoil Taluk, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- c) S.F NO .2, Athukinathupatti, Poolavadi, Madathukulam Taluk, Tiruppur, Tamil Nadu
- d) SFNo-1263/7, Perungudi Village, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- e) NO.01/02, TITHAVA, WANKANER, Rajkot, Gujarat, 363621

## Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited

- a) 11/93A, Keelaveeranam, V.K.Puthur Taluk, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- b) Devarkulam, Devarkulam and Post, Shankarankoil Taluk, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- c) No.3/235, Mani Nagar, Veerasigamani, Sankaran Kovil Taluk, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- d) SF No:1366, Perungudi village, Tirunelveli, Tamilnadu

## Beta Wind Farm Private Limited

- a) 11/93A, Keelaveeranam, V.K.Puthur Taluk, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- b) S.F NO .2,, Athukinathupatti,Poolavadi, Madathukulam Taluk, Tiruppur, Tamil Nadu
- c) SF NO 335, Kasturirangapuram, Radhapuram, Tirunelveli, Tamil Nadu
- d) Subramaniapuram Village, Kazhugmalai, Tuticorin, Tamilnadu
- e) SF no 353, Pungavarnatham, Ettayapuram, Tuticorin, Tamilnadu
- f) Jamanvada, Abdasa, Naliya, Kachchh, Gujarat
- g) Komatikuntala village, Putlur, CCO, PUTLUR, Putlur, Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh
- h) Erekatte Village, Kuderkonda, Shikaripura Taluk, Shimoga district, Karnataka

## Bharath wind Farm Limited

- a) Komatikuntala village, Putlur, Anantapur, Andhra Pradesh.

## VjetroElektranaCrnoBrdod.o.o,

- a) Sibenik, Croatia

## Management Discussion and Analysis Report:

The Management Discussion and Analysis report for the FY 2022-23 forms part of the Annual Report.

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T Shivaraman

Managing Director &amp; CEO

DIN: 01312018

R Ganapathi

Director

DIN: 00103623

Chennai

April 20, 2023

<!-- image -->

## GENERAL SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION:

## Registered Office

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600017

Corporate Identity Number: L40108TN2006PLC061665

## Annual General Meeting

| Day  Friday  Date  June 30, 2023  Time  12:05 PM  Venue  Meeting is being conducted through VC/OAVM pursuant to the Circular no. 10/2022 dated 28th December 2022  read with Circular No. 2/2022 dated 5th May, 2022, read with circular number 20/2020 dated 5th May, 2020 and  General Circular 2/2022 issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and General Circular no. 21/2021 dated  December 14, 2021 issued by SEBI as such there is no requirement to have a venue for the AGM.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Financial Year

The Company's financial year begins on 01st April and ends on 31st March.

Our tentative calendar for declaration of financial results for the financial year 2023-24 are as given below:

| For the Quarter ending  Tentative dates for declaration of financial results  For the quarter ending 30th June 2023  On or before 14th August 2023  For the quarter ending 30th September 2023  On or before 14th November 2023  For the quarter ending 31st December 2023  On or before 14th February 2024  For the year ending 31st March 2024  On or before 30th May 2024   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Book Closure

23rd June 2023 to 30th June 2023 (both days inclusive)

## Listing On Stock Exchanges and Stock Code

## Equity Shares

| Stock Exchanges  Address  Stock Code  BSE Limited  Dalal Street, Mumbai, Maharashtra 400001  533263  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  Exchange Plaza, C-1, Block G, Bandra Kurla Complex, Bandra (E),  Mumbai, Maharashtra 400051  GREENPOWER   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has paid the Annual Listing Fees for the Financial Year 2022 - 2023 to both the Stock Exchanges.

## Market Price Data

## High and Low during each month from 01 April, 2022 to 31 March, 2023:

## A. BSE Limited:

| Month  BSE Limited  (in Rs.)  No. of shares traded  High  Low  April - 2022  13.65  10.30  3,67,11,398  May - 2022  11.57  8.21  2,99,36,837  June - 2022  9.95  6.80  2,21,34,954  July - 2022  11.14  9.00  2,30,68,913  August - 2022  10.87  8.69  1,93,10,693  September - 2022  10.48  8.11  24,155,293  October - 2022  9.33  7.86  1,53,40,557  November- 2022  9.30  8.01  1,60,28,725  December- 2022  13.28  8.58  8,85,03,618  January - 2023  12.39  9.60  5,07,27,043  February - 2023  10.29  7.94  2,26,23,495  March - 2023  9.40  7.70  1,50,50,206   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B. National Stock Exchange of India Limited:

| Month  National Stock Exchange of India Limited (in Rs.)  No. of shares traded  High  Low  April - 2022  13.60  10.30  13,82,64,000  May - 2022  11.55  8.25  9,19,72,000  June - 2022  9.90  6.80  5,62,84,000  July - 2022  10.85  8.95  7,02,22,000  August - 2022  10.90  8.70  7,92,12,000  September - 2022  10.45  8.10  7,98,99,000  October - 2022  9.35  7.80  4,38,70,000  November- 2022  9.35  7.95  5,16,88,000  December- 2022  13.25  8.55  39,46,27,000  January - 2023  12.40  9.60  22,27,18,000  February - 2023  10.40  7.95  8,62,97,000  March - 2023  9.40  7.70  7,59,10,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Registrar and Share Transfer Agent

Members are requested to correspond with the Company's Registrar &amp; Share Transfer Agent.

## Cameo Corporate Services Limited

Subramanian Building, No. 01, Club House Road,

Chennai- 600 002, Tamil Nadu, India

Telephone: +91044 4002 0700/ 0710/ 2846 0390

Email: investor@cameoindia.com

Website: www.cameoindia.com

Contact Person: Ms. Sree Priya

SEBI Registration Number: INR000003753

## Share transfer system:

Members may please note that SEBI, vide its Circular No. SEBI/HO/MIRSD/MIRSD\_RTAMB/P/CIR/2022/8 dated January 25, 2022, has mandated Listed Companies to issue securities in demat form only while processing service requests viz. Issue of duplicate securities  certificate;  claim  from  Unclaimed  Suspense  Account;  Renewal/Exchange  of  securities  certificate;  Endorsement; Sub-division/Splitting of securities certificate; Consolidation of securities certificates/folios; Transmission and Transposition. Accordingly, Shareholders are requested to make service requests by submitting a duly filled and signed Form ISR-4, the format of which is available on the Company's website under the weblink at http://www.orientgreenpower.com/files/Form-ISR-4-Issuanceof-Securities-in-Dematerialized.pdf.  It  may  be  noted  that  any  service  request  can  be  processed  only  after  the  folio  is  KYC compliant. SEBI, vide its notification dated January 24, 2022, has mandated that all requests for transfer of securities including transmission and transposition requests shall be processed only in dematerialised form. In view of the same and to eliminate all risks associated with physical shares and avail various benefits of dematerialisation, Members are advised to dematerialise the shares held by them in physical form. Members can contact the Company or RTA, for assistance in this regard.

## Shareholding details of the Company:

## i. Share Holding Pattern as on 31st March, 2023

| Particulars  Shares  Percentage  Promoter  24,42,10,335  32.53  Foreign Portfolio Investor  91,440  0.01  Financial Institutions/Banks  1,13,90,520  1.52  Insurance Companies  1,54,59,306  2.06  Other Bodies Corporate  94,79,037  1.26  Body Corporate - LLP  30,75,907  0.41  Non-Resident Indian  91,89,149  1.22  Clearing Member  3,62,026  0.05  Hindu Undivided Family  1,39,53,389  1.86  Directors and their relatives  4,43,348  0.06  Public  44,30,69,520  59.02  TOTAL  75,07,23,977  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ii. Distribution of Shareholding as on 31st March 2023

| Category  Number of  Shareholders  % of Total  Shareholders  Total Shares for  The Range  % of Issued Capital  1 - 500  3,06,274  73.7441  3,99,44,771  5.32  501 - 1000  46,694  11.2428  3,88,20,522  5.17  1001 - 2000  28,312  6.8169  4,37,41,850  5.83  2001 - 3000  10,696  2.5753  2,75,45,688  3.67  3001 - 4000  5,163  1.2431  1,86,40,670  2.48  4001 - 5000  5,118  1.2323  2,44,29,723  3.25  5001 - 10000  7,294  1.7562  5,57,09,308  7.42  10001 - 100000  5,442  1.3103  13,81,62,664  18.40  100001 - 200000  186  0.0447  2,69,15,831  3.59  200001 -  300000  56  0.0134  1,41,15,779  1.88  300001 -  400000  29  0.0069  1,01,28,149  1.35  400001 -  500000  12  0.0028  54,67,292  0.73  500001 -  and above  44  0.0105  30,71,01,730  40.91  Total  4,15,320  100.00  75,07,23,977  100.00   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## iii. Top 10 Shareholders of the Company as on March 31, 2023

| Sl. No.  Name of the Top 10 Shareholdes  Shares  Percentage  1  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  24,38,08,809  32.48  2  Life Insurance Corporation of India  1,54,59,306  2.06  3  SREI Infrastructure Finance Limited  1,09,24,302  1.46  4  Ruchi Gupta  55,00,000  0.73  5  Jiten Pravin Sheth  16,00,000  0.21  6  VRKP Sponge and Power Plant LLP  15,96,554  0.21  7  T S Vijaya Venkateswaran  12,25,010  0.16  8  Jiten P Sheth HUF  11,00,000  0.14  9  OPG Securities Private Ltd  10,45,929  0.13  10  Prashant Hanmant Apshinge  10,01,500  0.13  Total  28,32,61,410  37.73   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Persons holding 1% or more of the equity shares in the Company as on March 31, 2023 excluding the list of top 10 shareholders of the Company: None

## iv. Details of Equity Shares in dematerialised and physical form as on March 31, 2023:

The  Company's  shares  are  compulsorily  traded  in  dematerialised  form  and  are  available  for  trading  through  both  the Depositories in India viz. NSDL and CDSL. The details of number of equity shares of the Company which are in dematerialised and physical form are given below:

| CATEGORY  NO.OF HOLDERS  TOTAL POSITIONS  % OF HOLDINGS  NSDL  65,618  20,02,00,247  26.67  CDSL  3,49,540  55,05,20,861  73.33  Physical  162  2,869  0.00  Total  4,15,320  75,07,23,977  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

The Company's Equity Shares are regularly traded on the BSE Limited and on the National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

## DEMATERIALISATION OF SHARES AND LIQUIDITY

The  shares  of  the  Company  are  compulsorily  traded  in dematerialized form. The code number allotted by National Securities Depository Limited (NSDL) and Central Depository Services (India) Ltd., (CDSL) to Orient Green Power Company Limited is ISIN INE-999K01014. As on 31.03.2023, 99.99% of the total equity share capital was held in dematerialized form.

## DETAILS  (IN  AGGREGATE  OF  SHARES  IN  THE  SUSPENSE ACCOUNT)

As directed by Schedule V of the Securities and Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  &amp;  Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 Aggregate number of shareholders  and  the  outstanding  shares  in  the  suspense account lying at the beginning and at the end of the year and number shareholders who approached issuer for transfer of shares from suspense account during the year and number of shareholders to whom the shares were transferred from suspense account during the year are tabled below:

Aggregate  number  of  shareholders  and  the  outstanding shares in the suspense account lying at the beginning and at the end of the year

| Aggregate  number of  shareholders  at the  beginning  Aggregate  number of  shareholders  at the end  Outstanding  shares in the  suspense  account lying at  the beginning  Outstanding  shares in the  suspense  account lying  at the end  2  2  2250  2250   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ADDRESS FOR INVESTOR CORRESPONDENCE

For  any  assistance  regarding  dematerialization  of  shares, share  transfers,  transmissions,  change  of  address,  or  any other query relating to shares, please write to:

## Cameo Corporate Services Limited

Subramanian Building, No. 01, Club House Road,

Chennai- 600 002, Tamil Nadu, India.

Telephone: +91044 4002 0700/ 0710/ 2846 0390

Email: investor@cameoindia.com

Website: www.cameoindia.com

Contact Person: Ms. Sree Priya

SEBI Registration Number: INR000003753

## Ms. M Kirithika Company Secretary and Compliance Officer

## Orient Green Power Company Limited,

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor,

No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road,

T.Nagar, Chennai 600017 India

Tel: + 91 44 4901 5678

Fax: +91 44 4901 5655

Email:

complianceofficer@orientgreenpower.com

Website: www.orientgreenpower.com

## NOMINATION FACILITY

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 72 of the Act, Members are entitled to make nominations in respect of shares held by  them.  Members  holding  shares  in  physical  form  and intending  to  make/change  the  nomination  in  respect  of their  shares  in  the  Company,  may  submit  their  requests in  Form  No.  SH.13  to  CAMEO.  Members  holding  shares in  electronic  form  are  requested  to  give  the  nomination request  to  their  respective  DPs  directly.  Form  No.  SH.13 can be obtained from Cameo Corporate Services Limited or downloaded from the Company's website under the section http://www.orientgreenpower.com/files/Form-SH-13.pdf

## CREDIT RATING

During the year, the  company and its material subsidiaries having  's  banking  facilities  were  awarded  'BB'  rating  by Infomerics  Valuation  and  Rating  Private  Limited  and  CARE Ratings Limited respectively.

## ONLINE INFORMATION

Shareholders are requested to visit www.orientgreenpower.com, the website of the Company for online information about the Company. The financial results, share price information of the Company if any are posted on the website of the Company and are periodically updated with all developments. Besides this the shareholders have the facility to write any query at the e-mail  id  of  the  Compliance  officer  at complianceofficer@ orientgreenpower.com  and  the  Company  shall  act  on  the same within the reasonable time on receipt of such query.

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

| Chennai  April 20, 2023  T Shivaraman  Managing Director &amp; CEO  DIN: 01312018  R Ganapathi  Director  DIN: 00103623   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To

The Members

## Orient Green Power Company Limited

We have examined the relevant registers, records, forms, returns and disclosures received from the Directors of Orient Green Power Company Limited having CIN L40108TN2006PLC061665 and having registered office at Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No. 10/1, Venkatanarayana Road, T. Nagar, Chennai - 600017 (hereinafter referred to as 'the Company'), produced before us by the Company for the purpose of issuing this Certificate, in accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V Para-C Sub clause 10(i) of the Securities Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015.

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the verifications (including Directors Identification Number (DIN) status at the portal http://www.mca.gov.in/) as considered necessary and explanations furnished to us by the Company &amp; its officers, we hereby certify that none of the Directors on the Board of the Company as stated below for the financial year ending on March 31, 2023 have been debarred or disqualified from being appointed or continuing as Directors of companies by the Securities and Exchange Board of India, Ministry of Corporate Affairs or any such other Statutory Authority.

| S.No  DIN  Name  Date of appointment/ Re-appointment  1.  00103623  Ganapathi Ramachandran  29/02/2008  2.  00498404  Rangaswamy Sundararajan  28/01/2010  3.  00938694  Chandra Ramesh  27/02/2019  4.  01312018  Thyagarajan Shivaraman  28/01/2010  5.  01717373  Krishna Kumar Panchapakesan  28/09/2007  6.  02388109  Kodumudi Sambamurthi Sripathi  03/11/2022   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ensuring the eligibility of the appointment / continuity of every Director on the Board is the responsibility of the management of the Company. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these based on our verification. This certificate is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor of the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

For M. Alagar &amp; Associates (Practising Company Secretaries)

M. Alagar Managing Partner FCS No. 7488 C P No. 8196

UDIN: F007488D000336619

## CERTIFICATE OF NON-DISQUALIFICATION OF DIRECTORS

[Pursuant to Regulation 34(3) and Schedule V Para C clause (10) (i) of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015]

Place: Chennai

Date: April 20, 2023

<!-- image -->

## SECRETARIAL COMPLIANCE REPORT OF ORIENT GREEN POWER COMPANY LIMITED FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2023

[Pursuant to Regulation 24A (2) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015  as amended from time to time]

## We, M. Alagar &amp; Associates have examined:

- a) all  the  documents and records made available to us and explanation provided by Orient Green Power Limited ('the listed entity')
- b) the filings/ submissions made by the listed entity to the stock exchanges.
- c) website of the listed entity
- d) any other document/ filing, as may be relevant, which has been relied upon to make this certification.

for the year ended March 31, 2023 (' Review Period ') in respect of compliance with the provisions of:

- a) The  Securities and Exchange Board of India Act, 1992 ('SEBI Act') and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines issued there under; and
- b) The Securities Contracts (Regulation) Act, 1956 ('SCRA'), rules made there under and the Regulations, circulars, guidelines issued there under by the Securities and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI')

The specific Regulations, whose provisions and the circulars/ guidelines issued there under, have been examined, include:

- a) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015;
- b) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue of Capital and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2018;
- c) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Substantial Acquisition of Shares and Takeovers) Regulations, 2011;
- d) Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Buyback  of  Securities)  Regulations,  2018; -  (There  were  no  events  requiring compliance during the audit period)
- e) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Share Based Employee Benefits and Sweat Equity) Regulations, 2021; - (There were no events requiring compliance during the audit period)
- f) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Issue and Listing of Non-Convertible Securities) Regulations, 2021; - (There were no events requiring compliance during the audit period)
- g) Securities and Exchange Board of India (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015;

and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder;

And based on the above examination, we hereby report that, during the Review Period the compliance status of the listed entity is appended as below:

| S.No  Particulars  Compliance status  (Yes/No/NA)  Observations/Remarks  by Practicing Company  Secretary  1.  Secretarial Standards  The compliances of listed entities are in accordance with the applicable  Secretarial  Standards(SS)  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Company  Secretaries of India (ICSI) as notified by the Central Government under  section 118(10) of the Companies Act, 2013 and mandatorily applicable.  Yes  2.  Adoption and timely updation of the Policies:  •  All applicable policies under SEBI Regulations are adopted with the  approval of board of directors of the listed entities.  Yes  •  All  the  policies  are  in  conformity  with  SEBI  Regulations  and  has  been reviewed &amp; timely updated as per the regulations/circulars/  guidelines issued by SEBI  Yes   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| S.No  Particulars  Compliance status  (Yes/No/NA)  Observations/Remarks  by Practicing Company  Secretary  3.  Maintenance and disclosures on Website:  •  The Listed entity is maintaining a functional website  Yes  •  Timely  dissemination  of  the  documents/  information  under  a  separate section on the website  Yes  •  Web-links provided in annual corporate governance reports under  Regulation 27(2) are accurate and specific which redirects to the  relevant document(s)/ section of the website  Yes  4.  Disqualification of Director:  None of the Director of the Company are disqualified under Section 164  of Companies Act, 2013  Yes  5.  To examine details related to Subsidiaries of listed entities:  (a)  Identification of material subsidiary companies  Yes  (b)  Requirements  with  respect  to  disclosure  of  material  as  well  as  other subsidiaries  Yes  6.  Preservation of Documents:  The listed entity is preserving and maintaining records as prescribed  under  SEBI  Regulations  and  disposal  of  records  as  per  Policy  of  Preservation of Documents and Archival policy prescribed under SEBI  LODR Regulations, 2015.  Yes  7.  Performance Evaluation:  The listed entity has conducted performance evaluation of the Board,  Independent Directors and the Committees at the start of every financial  year / during the financial year as prescribed in SEBI Regulations.  Yes  8.  Related Party Transactions:  (a)  The listed entity has obtained prior approval of Audit Committee  for all Related party transactions  Yes  Since, all Related Party  Transactions were  entered after obtaining  prior approval of audit  committee point (b) is not  applicable.  (b)  The  listed  entity  has  provided  detailed  reasons  along  with  confirmation  whether  the  transactions  were  subsequently  approved /ratified /rejected by the Audit Committee, in case no  prior approval has been obtained.  NA  9.  Disclosure of events or information:  The  listed  entity  has  provided  all  the  required  disclosure(s)  under  Regulation 30 along with Schedule III of SEBI LODR Regulations, 2015  within the time limits prescribed thereunder.  Yes  10.  Prohibition of Insider Trading:  The  listed  entity  is  in  compliance  with  Regulation  3(5)  &amp;  3(6)  SEBI  (Prohibition of Insider Trading) Regulations, 2015.  Yes   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| S.No  Particulars  Compliance status  (Yes/No/NA)  Observations/Remarks  by Practicing Company  Secretary  11.  Actions taken by SEBI or Stock Exchange(s), if any:  No  Actions  taken  against  the  listed  entity/  its  promoters/directors/  subsidiaries  either  by  SEBI  or  by  Stock  Exchanges  (including  under  the  Standard  Operating  Procedures  issued  by  SEBI  through  various  circulars)  under  SEBI  Regulations  and  circulars/  guidelines  issued  thereunder.  Yes  12.  Additional Non-compliances, if any:  No  additional  non-  compliance  observed  for  any  SEBI  regulation/  circular/guidance note etc.  Yes   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Compliances related to resignation of statutory auditors from listed entities and their material subsidiaries as per SEBI Circular CIR/CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18th October, 2019:

| Sr.  No.  Particulars  Compliance Status  (Yes/No/ NA)  Observations /Remarks  by PCS*  1.  Compliances with the following conditions while appointing/re-appointing an auditor  i.  If the auditor has resigned within 45 days from the end of a quarter  of a financial year, the auditor before such resignation, has issued  the limited review/ audit report for such quarter; or  ii.  If the auditor has resigned after 45 days from the end of a quarter  of a financial year, the auditor before such resignation, has issued  the limited review/ audit report for such quarter as well as the next  quarter; or  iii.  If  the  auditor  has  signed  the  limited  review/  audit  report  for  the  first  three  quarters  of  a  financial  year,  the  auditor  before  such  resignation, has issued the limited review/ audit report for the last  quarter of such financial year as well as the audit report for such  financial year.  NA  No such instance  occurred during the  period under review  2.  Other conditions relating to resignation of statutory auditor  i.  Reporting of concerns by Auditor with respect to the listed entity/  its material subsidiary to the Audit Committee:  a.  In  case  of  any  concern  with  the  management  of  the  listed  entity/material  subsidiary  such  as  non-availability  of  information  /  non-cooperation  by  the  management  which  has hampered the audit process, the auditor has approached  the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the listed entity and  the Audit Committee shall receive such concern directly and  immediately  without  specifically  waiting  for  the  quarterly  Audit Committee meetings.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Sr.  No.  Particulars  Compliance Status  (Yes/No/ NA)  Observations /Remarks  by PCS*  b.  In  case  the  auditor  proposes  to  resign,  all  concerns  with  respect  to  the  proposed  resignation,  along  with  relevant  documents  has  been  brought  to  the  notice  of  the  Audit  Committee.  In  cases  where  the  proposed  resignation  is  due  to  non-receipt  of  information  /  explanation  from  the  company, the auditor has informed the Audit Committee the  details of information / explanation sought and not provided  by the management, as applicable.  c.  The Audit Committee / Board of Directors, as the case may be,  deliberated on the matter on receipt of such information from  the auditor relating to the proposal to resign as mentioned  above and communicate its views to the management and the  auditor.  ii.  Disclaimer in case of non-receipt of information:  The  auditor  has  provided  an  appropriate  disclaimer  in  its  audit  report,  which  is  in  accordance  with  the  Standards  of  Auditing  as  specified  by  ICAI  /  NFRA,  in  case  where  the  listed  entity/  its  material  subsidiary  has  not  provided  information  as  required  by  the auditor.  NA  No such instance  occurred during the  period under review  3  .  The listed entity / its material subsidiary has obtained information from  the Auditor upon resignation, in the format as specified in Annexure-A in  SEBI Circular CIR/ CFD/CMD1/114/2019 dated 18th October, 2019.  NA  No such instance  occurred during the  period under review   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- a) The  listed  entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued thereunder, except in respect of matters specified below:-

| Sr.  No  Compliance  Requirement  (Regulations/  circulars /  guidelines  including  specific clause)  Regulation/  Circular No.  Deviations  Action  Taken  by  Type of  Action  Details of  Violation  Fine  Amount  Observations/  Remarks of  the Practising  Company  Secretary  Management  Response  Remarks   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Not applicable - The listed entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued

- b) The listed entity has taken the following actions to comply with the observations made in previous reports-

| Sr.  No  Compliance Requirement  (Regulations/ circulars  / guidelines including  specific clause)  Regulation/  Circular No.  Deviations  Action  Taken  by  Type of  Action  Details of  Violation  Fine  Amount  Observations/ Remarks  of the Practising  Company Secretary  Management  Response  Remarks  Not applicable - The listed entity has complied with the provisions of the above Regulations and circulars/ guidelines issued   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For M. Alagar &amp; Associates Practising Company Secretaries Peer Review Certificate No: 1707/2022

M. Alagar

Managing Partner

FCS No: 7488/ CoP No.: 8196

UDIN: F007488E000153128

Place: Chennai

Date: April 20, 2023

## Independent Auditor's Certificate on Compliance with the Corporate Governance requirements under SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015

## The Members Orient Green Power Company Limited

We have examined the compliance of conditions of Corporate Governance by Orient Green Power Company Limited ('the Company'), for the year ended on March 31, 2023, as stipulated in Regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 ('Listing Regulations') as amended from time to time.

## Management's Responsibility

The Management is responsible for ensuring that the Company complies with the conditions of Corporate Governance. This responsibility also includes the design, implementation and maintenance of internal controls and procedures to ensure compliance with the conditions of the Corporate Governance stipulated in the Listing Regulations.

## Auditor's Responsibility

Our responsibility is limited to examining the procedures and implementation thereof, adopted by the Company for ensuring the compliance of the conditions of the Corporate Governance. It is neither an audit nor an expression of opinion on the financial statements of the Company.

We have examined the books of account and other relevant records and documents maintained by the Company for the purpose of providing reasonable assurance on the compliance with Corporate Governance requirements by the Company.

We conducted our examination in accordance with the Guidance Note on Certification of Corporate Governance issued by the Institute of the Chartered Accountants of India ('ICAI'), the Standards on Auditing specified under Section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, in so far as applicable for the purpose of this certificate and as per the Guidance Note on Reports or Certificates for Special Purposes issued by the ICAI which requires that we comply with the ethical requirements of the Code of Ethics issued by the ICAI.

We have complied with the relevant applicable requirements of the Standard on Quality Control (SQC) 1, Quality Control for Firms that Perform Audits and Reviews of Historical Financial Information, and Other Assurance and Related Services Engagements issued by ICAI.

## Opinion

Based on our examination as above and to the best of the information and explanations given to us and representations provided by the management, we certify that the Company has complied with the conditions of Corporate Governance as stipulated in regulations 17 to 27 and clauses (b) to (i) of regulation 46 (2) and paragraphs C, D and E of Schedule V of the Listing Regulations during the year ended March 31, 2023.

We further state that such compliance is neither an assurance as to the future viability of the Company nor the efficiency or effectiveness with which the management has conducted the affairs of the Company.

## Restriction on Use

The certificate is addressed and provided to the members of the Company solely for the purpose to enable the Company to comply with the requirement of the Listing Regulations, and it should not be used by any other person or for any other purpose. Accordingly, we do not accept or assume any liability or any duty of care for any other purpose or to any other person to whom this certificate is shown or into whose hands it may come without our prior consent in writing. We have no responsibility to update this Certificate for any events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Certificate.

For G. D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W UDIN: 23113053BGWSYZ3033

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113 053

Pune April 20, 2023

## Declaration by the CEO &amp; Managing Director under SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 regarding compliance with Code of Conduct

In  accordance with Regulation 34(3) read with Schedule V of the SEBI (LODR), Regulations, 2015, I hereby confirm that all the Directors and the Senior Management Personnel of the Company have affirmed compliance with the Code of Conduct, as applicable to them, for the financial year ended March 31, 2023.

Chennai April 20, 2023

## Dear members of the Board,

We, T Shivaraman, Managing Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. J. Kotteswari, Chief Financial Officer of Orient Green Power Company Limited, to the best of our knowledge and belief, certify that:

- A. We have reviewed financial statements and the cash flow statement for the year ended 31st March 2023 and that to the best of our knowledge and belief:
- (1) These statements do not contain any materially untrue statement or omit any material fact or contain statements that might be misleading;
- (2) These statements together present a true and fair view of the listed entity's affairs and are in compliance with existing accounting standards, applicable laws and regulations.
- B. There are, to the best of our knowledge and belief, no transactions entered into by the listed entity during the year ended 31st March 2023 which are fraudulent, illegal or violative of the listed entity's code of conduct.
- C. We accept responsibility for establishing and maintaining internal controls for financial reporting and that we have evaluated the effectiveness of internal control systems of the listed entity pertaining to financial reporting and we have disclosed to the auditors and the audit committee, deficiencies in the design or operation of such internal controls, if any, of which we are aware and the steps we have taken or propose to take to rectify these deficiencies.
- D. We have indicated to the auditors and the Audit committee
- (1) No significant changes in internal control over financial reporting during the year ended 31st March 2023;
- (2) No  significant  changes in accounting policies during the year ended 31st March 2023 and that the same have been disclosed in the notes to the financial statements; and
- (3) No instances of significant fraud of which we have become aware and the involvement therein, if any, of the management or an employee having a significant role in the listed entity's internal control system over financial reporting.

Chennai April 20, 2023

T Shivaraman Managing Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer

J Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer

T Shivaraman Managing Director &amp; CEO DIN: 01312018

## CEO and CFO Certification

<!-- image -->

## Business Overview

The company is into the business of generation of power from renewable energy sources and the production process does not result in any emissions. We do not use any raw materials or inputs for generation of power. Spares and components are used for maintenance of wind turbines which are mostly sourced from reputed companies, including Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), who follow sustainable business practices. Responses in the relevant sections in the report are to be read in the light of the nature of our business.

The Business Responsibility &amp; Sustainability Report (BRSR) is aligned with the National Voluntary Guidelines (NVGs) on Social, Environmental and Economic Responsibilities of Business, issued by the Ministry of Corporate Affairs (MCA) and is in accordance with  clause  (f)  of  sub-regulation  (2)  of  Regulation  34  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange  Board  of  India  (Listing  Obligations  and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015, as amended from time to time (Listing Regulations).

Your Company's Business Performance and Impacts are disclosed based on the 9 Principles as mentioned in the NVGs.

| Principle 1  Ethics, Transparency &amp; Accountability  Principle 2  Product Life Cycle Sustainability  Principle 3  Employee Well-Being  Principle 4  Stakeholder Engagement  Principle 5  Human Rights  Principle 6  Environment  Principle 7  Policy Advocacy  Principle 8  Inclusive Growth and Equitable Development  Principle 9  Customer Value Creation   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES

## I. Details of the listed entity

| 1  Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed Entity  L40108TN2006PLC061665  2  Name of the Listed Entity  Orient Green Power Company Limited  3  Year of incorporation  2006  4  Registered office address  Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1,  Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar,  Chennai 600017  5  Corporate address  Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1,  Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar,  Chennai 600017  6  E-mail  secretarial@orientgreenpower.com  7  Telephone  044 4901 5678  8  Website  www.orientgreenpower.com  9  Financial year for which reporting is being done  April 2022-March 2023  10  Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares are listed  BSE Limited  National Stock Exchange of India Limited  11  Paid-up Capital  Rs. 750,72,39,770  12  Name  and  contact  details  (telephone,  email  address)  of  the  person  who  may  be contacted in case of any queries on the BRSR report  Mr. S Sudarsan  General Manager - Technical Services  044-4901 5678  hsc@orientgreenpower.com  13  Reporting  boundary  -  Are  the  disclosures  under  this  report  made  on  a  standalone basis (i.e. only for the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e. for  the entity and all the entities which form a part of its consolidated financial  statements, taken together).  Consolidated Basis   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY &amp; SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## II. Products/services -

## 14. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):

| S. No.  Description of Main  Activity  Description of  Business Activity  % of Turnover of the entity  1.  Generation and Sale of Power  Generation and sale of power from Renewable  energy sources i.e., wind energy.  93%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity's Turnover):

| S. No.  Product/Service  NIC Code  % of total Turnover  Contributed  1  Generation and Sale of Power using  renewable energy sources i.e., wind energy.  35106 - Electric Power Generation using  other non-conventional sources  93%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## III. Operations

## 16. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:

| Location  Number of plants  Number of offices  Total  National  41  1  42  International  1  0  1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Markets served by the entity:

- a. Number of locations
- b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?

| Locations  Number  National (No. of States)  4  International (No. of Countries)  1   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Nil

- c. A brief on types of customers

We sell power generated from wind turbines to state owned DISCOMS and Industrial and Commercial consumers.

## IV. Employees

## 18. Details as at the end of Financial Year:

## a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):

| S.  No.  Particulars  Total  (A)  Male  Female  No. (B)  %  (B / A)  No. (C)  % (C / A)  EMPLOYEES  1.  Permanent (D)  126  114  90.5  12  9.5  2.  Other than  Permanent (E)  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  3.  Total  employees  (D + E)  126  114  90.5  12  9.5  WORKERS  4.  Permanent (F)  0  0  0  0  0  5.  Other than  Permanent (G)  0  0  0  0  0  6.  Total workers  (F + G)  0  0  0  0  0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## b. Differently abled Employees and workers:

| S.  No  Particulars  Total  (A)  Male  Female  No. (B)  %  (B / A)  No. (C)  % (C / A)  DIFFERENTLY ABLED EMPLOYEES  1.  Permanent (D)  0  0  0  0  0  2.  Other than  Permanent (E)  0  0  0  0  0  3.  Total differently  abled employees  (D + E)  0  0  0  0  0  DIFFERENTLY ABLED WORKERS  4.  Permanent (F)  0  0  0  0  0  5.  Other than  permanent (G)  0  0  0  0  0  6.  Total differently  abled workers  (F + G)  0  0  0  0  0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women

| Total  (A)  No. and percentage of Females  No. (B)  % (B / A)  Board of Directors  7  2  29%  Key Management Personnel  3  2  67%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers

(Disclose trends for the past 3 years)

| FY 2022-2023  (Turnover rate in current  FY)  FY 2021-2022  (Turnover rate in previous FY)  FY 2020-2021  (Turnover rate in the year  prior to the previous FY)  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  Male  Female  Total  Permanent  Employees  8.1%  0.8%  8.9%  13.75  0.8%  14.5%  13.9%  0  13.9%  Permanent  Workers  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil  Nil   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)

## 21. (a) Names of holding / subsidiary / associate companies / joint ventures

| S.  No.  Name of the  holding / subsidiary  / associate companies / joint  ventures (A)  Indicate whether  holding/ Subsidiary/  Associate/ Joint  Venture  % of shares  held by listed  entity  Does the entity  indicated at column  A, participate  in the Business  Responsibility  initiatives of the listed  entity? (Yes/No)  1  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  Subsidiary  74.00%  Yes  2  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  Subsidiary  72.50%  Yes  3  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  Wholly Owned Subsidiary  100.00%  Yes  4  Orient Green Power Europe BV  Wholly Owned Subsidiary  100.00%  Not Applicable   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| S.  No.  Name of the  holding / subsidiary  / associate companies / joint  ventures (A)  Indicate whether  holding/ Subsidiary/  Associate/ Joint  Venture  % of shares  held by listed  entity  Does the entity  indicated at column  A, participate  in the Business  Responsibility  initiatives of the listed  entity? (Yes/No)  5  Amrit Environmental Technologies  Private Limited  Subsidiary  74.00%  Yes  6  Orient Green Power (Maharashtra)  Private Limited  Wholly Owned Subsidiary  100.00%  Not Applicable  (under the process of  Strike off)  7  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  Step Down Subsidiary  72.35%  Yes  8  VjetroElektranaCrnoBrdod.o.o,  Croatia  Step Down Subsidiary  51.96%  Not Applicable  9  Orient Green Power Doo, Republic of  Macedonia  Step Down Subsidiary  64.00%  Not Applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## VI. CSR Details

22. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of Companies Act, 2013: Not Applicable
2. (ii) Turnover (in Rs.) Rs. 2,343 Lakhs
3. (iii) Net worth (in Rs.) Rs. 73,715 Lakhs

Note: The details from the standalone financial statements are considered for CSR disclosure.

## VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances

23. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct

| Stakeholder  group from whom  complaint is  received  Grievance  Redressal Mechanism in Place  (Yes/No)  (If Yes, then provide  web-link for grievance redress  policy)  FY 2022 - 23 Current Financial Year  FY  2021 - 22 Previous Financial Year  Number of  complaints  filed  during  the year  Number of  complaints  pending  resolution at  close of the year  Remarks  Number of  complaints  filed  during  the year  Number of  complaints  pending  resolution at  close of the  year  Remarks  Communities  Yes, http://orientgreenpower.com/  files/Community-Grievance-Redress-  Policy.pdf  Nil  Nil  NA  Nil  Nil  NA  Investors (other  than shareholders)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Shareholders  Yes, http://www.orientgreenpower.  com/investor-contacts.asp  Nil  Nil  NA  Nil  Nil  NA  Employees and  workers  Yes, http://orientgreenpower.com/  files/Employee-Grievance-Policy.pdf  Nil  Nil  NA  Nil  Nil  NA  Customers*  No  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Stakeholder  group from whom  complaint is  received  Grievance  Redressal Mechanism in Place  (Yes/No)  (If Yes, then provide  web-link for grievance redress  policy)  FY 2022 - 23 Current Financial Year  FY  2021 - 22 Previous Financial Year  Number of  complaints  filed  during  the year  Number of  complaints  pending  resolution at  close of the year  Remarks  Number of  complaints  filed  during  the year  Number of  complaints  pending  resolution at  close of the  year  Remarks  Value Chain  Partners*  No  -  -  -  -  -  -  Other  (please specify)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The leadership team conducts meetings with the customers and other value chain partners periodically.

## 24. Overview of the entity's material responsible business conduct issues

Please  indicate  material  responsible  business  conduct  and  sustainability  issues  pertaining  to  environmental  and  social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for  identifying the same, approach  to adapt  or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the following format

| S.  No.  Material issue  Identified  Indicate  whether  risk or  opportunity  (R/O)  Rationale  for  identifying  the risk / opportunity  In case of  risk,  approach to  adapt or mitigate  Financial  implications of the  risk or opportunity  (Indicate positive  or negative  implications)  01  Ambitious  targets for  renewable  energy in the  country.  Opportunity.  GOI  has  committed  to  increase  the  installed  capacity of RE power to 500  GW  by  2030  and  net  zero  emissions  by  2070.  This  provides a good opportunity  for the sector to grow.  Positive  02  Uncertain  Regulatory  regime  Risk  Changes  in  Regulations  may  have  an  impact  on  the  business.  As a pioneer in the RE sector,  the  company  has  acquired  experience  to  mitigate  such  risks to a greater extent.  Negative  03  Contribution to  avoiding Green  House Gas  emission  Opportunity  Harnessing  wind  power  means  reducing  the  use  of  fossil  fuels,  thereby  cutting  emissions  of  carbon  dioxide,  fine  particles  and  other  climate  altering  substances  responsible  for  the greenhouse effect.  Positive  04  Business  continuity  Risk  Potential  threats  such  as  natural  disasters  or  disruption  in  operation  due  to  technical  failure  exist  in  spite  of  all-round  preparedness  The  company  has  taken  adequate insurance cover for  the assets.  To  minimize  interruptions  due to breakdown, preventive  maintenance is undertaken.  Negative   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES

This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.

| Disclosure Questions  P1  P2  P3  P4  P5  P6  P7  P8  P9  Policy and management processes  1  a.   Whether  your  entity's  policy/policies  cover  each  principle and its core elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)  Y  N #  Y  Y  Y  Y*  N  Y  Y*  b.   Has the policy been approved by the Board? (Yes/No)  Mandatory policies viz., Code of Conduct &amp; Business Ethics, Whistle  Blower Policy, CSR Policy, Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and  report Trading by Insiders have been adopted by the board and other  operational internal policies are approved by the management.  c. Web Link of the Policies, if available  http://www.orientgreenpower.com/Policy.asp  2  Whether  the  entity  has  translated  the  policy  into  procedures. (Yes / No)  Y  NA  Y  Y  Y  Y  -  Y  N  3  Do  the  enlisted  policies  extend  to  your  value  chain  partners? (Yes/No)  Y  NA  Y  N  Y  Y  -  N  -  4  Name  of  the  national  and  international  codes/  certifications/labels/ standards (e.g. Forest Stewardship  Council, Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Trustea) standards  (e.g. SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and  mapped to each principle.  Although  we  have  not  obtained  third  party  certification,  our  policies  conform to the following International standards  1.  ISO14000 and 45001,  2.  IFC Performance Standard covering:  a)  Assessment  and  Management  of  Environmental  and  Social  Risks and Impacts Performance Standard  b)  Labor and Working Conditions Performance Standard  c)  Resource  Efficiency  and  Pollution  Prevention  Performance  Standard  d)  Community Health, Safety, and Security  5  Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the entity  with defined timelines, if any.  Your  Business  is  primarily  to  off  set  the  usage  of  fossil  fuels  and  avoidance of emissions  6  Performance  of  the  entity  against  the  specific  commitments,  goals  and  targets  along-with  reasons  in  case the same are not met.  Governance, leadership and oversight  7  Statement  by  director  responsible  for  the  business  responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges,  targets  and  achievements  (  listed  entity  has  flexibility  regarding the placement of this disclosure)  Power  sector  plays  a  vital  role  in  achieving  economic  growth  but  conventional  power  is  known  for  emissions  causing  environmental  concerns.    Generation  of  power  from  renewable  energy  sources  such  as wind avoids usage of depleting scarce resources such as fossil fuel  or water and it does not cause any emissions. OGPL is in the business  of  generation  of  power  from  renewable  energy  sources  and  thus  not  only  contributes  to  reduction  in  greenhouse  gas  emissions  but  also  play its role to propel economic growth in a greener manner.   OGPL is  conscious of its responsibility to the society and has deeply embedded  Environmental  and  Social  Governance  (ESG)  principles  in  its  process  and all activities are carried out in a responsible manner following these  principles.  We at OGPL constantly strive to improve the processes and  contribute  to  society  for  a  better  future.  We  also  help  our  customers  meet  their  goals  to  reduce  carbon  emissions  and  help  them  achieve  growth without any adverse environmental impacts.  8  Details  of  the  highest  authority  responsible  for  implementation  and  oversight  of  the  Business  Responsibility policy (ies).  Mr. T Shivaraman, Managing Director &amp; CEO,  DIN 01312018   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| 9  Does the entity have a specified  Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision  making on sustainability related issues? (Yes / No). If yes,  provide details.  Yes.  Mr. T Shivaraman, Managing Director &amp; CEO  10  Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:  Subject for Review  Indicate  whether  review  was  undertaken  by  Director  /  Committee  of the Board/ Any other Committee  Frequency  (Annually/  Half  yearly/  Quarterly/ Any other - please specify)  P  1  P  2  P  3  P  4  P  5  P  6  P  7  P  8  P  9  P  1  P  2  P  3  P  4  P  5  P  6  P  7  P  8  P  9  Performance against above policies  and follow up action  Y  NA  Y  Y  Y  Y  -  Y  Y  A  A  A  A  A  A  -  A  A  Compliance  with  statutory  requirements  of  relevance  to  the  principles, and, rectification of any  non-compliances  Y  NA  Y  Y  Y  Y  -  Y  Y  A  A  A  A  A  A  -  A  A  11  Has  the  entity  carried  out  independent  assessment/  evaluation  of  the  working  of  its  policies  by  an  external  agency? (Yes/No)  .  If yes, provide name of the agency.  The implementation of the Company's Code of Conduct and other policies  are reviewed through internal audit/control function. The Quality, Safety  &amp; Health and Environmental policies are subject to internal reviews for  continuous assessment.  Most of the policies adopted by the Company for ensuring the orderly and  efficient conduct of business including adherence to Company's policies  have been evaluated periodically by an independent external agency as a  part of internal financial control requirement.  12  If answer to question (1) above is 'No' i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy,  reasons to be stated:  Questions  P  1  P  2  P  3  P  4  P  5  P  6  P  7  P  8  P  9  -  -  The company itself is in  the  business  of  generation of green power and does not  use any raw materials to generate power.  -  -  -  -  The  Company  through  the  industry  associations  endeavor to promote growth,  technological  progress  and  sustainable  business  principles.  Therefore,  company  has not evolved a separate public policy.  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Any other reason (please specify)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   The policy is embedded in the company's code of conduct and quality and environment policies which interalia, relates to safety and sustainability.

# To be read in the context of Business overview given above.

## SECTION C: PRINCIPLE WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE

This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and Core Elements with key processes and decisions. The information sought is categorized as 'Essential' and 'Leadership'. While the essential indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to file this report, the leadership indicators may be voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and ethically responsible.

PRINCIPLE 1 Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.

## Essential Indicators

1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:

| Segment  Total number  of training and  awareness  programmes  held  Topics / principles covered under the training and its impact  % age of persons  in respective  category covered  by the awareness  programmes  Board of Directors  4    Operations &amp; Performance    Internal Financial Control    Future Outlook &amp; Strategy    Regulatory Updates (LODR)  100%  Key Managerial  Personnel  5    Critical issues in GST Litigation    ESG Reporting - Investor Approach &amp; Expectations    Latest updates on PIT Regulations &amp; Structured Digital Database    Regulatory Updates (LODR)  100%  Employees other  than BoD and KMPs  40    HR Transformation 2022    Safety Awareness    HR Management &amp; Analytics -IIM    HR Analytics-ILMS    Fire protection- N2 gas injection on SERGI system    POSH- Awareness Programme    Planning for a Net Zero City    Regulatory Changes and Challenges and Liability of Company  Secretary &amp; Directors    Fire Mock drill  96%  Workers  NA  NA  NA   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

1. Details of fines / penalties /punishment/ award/ compounding fees/ settlement amount paid in proceedings (by the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, in the financial year:

## Monetary

| Penalty/Fine  Settlement  Compounding Fee  NGRBC principle  Nil  Nil  Nil  Name of regulatory/  enforcement agencies/  judicial institutions  Nil  Nil  Nil  Amount (INR)  Nil  Nil  Nil  Brief of case  Nil  Nil  Nil  Has an appeal been preferred  (Yes/No)  Nil  Nil  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Non - Monetary

| Imprisonment  Punishment  Compounding Fee  NGRBC principle  Nil  Nil  Nil  Name of regulatory/  enforcement agencies/  judicial institutions  Nil  Nil  Nil  Amount (INR)  Nil  Nil  Nil  Brief of case  Nil  Nil  Nil  Has an appeal been preferred  (Yes/No)  Nil  Nil  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Of the  instances disclosed  in  Question  2 above,  details  of  the  Appeal/  Revision preferred in cases where monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed. Not Applicable
3. Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide a weblink to the policy.

Y es, the Company has a policy in place for anti-corruption or anti-bribery which covers the Company and its Subsidiaries. http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Business-Conduct-Policy.pdf

4. Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption: Nil
5. Details of complaints with regard to c onfl ict of interest:
6. Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest. Not Applicable

| FY 2022- 2023  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021 - 2022  (Previous Financial Year)  Number of complaints received in relation to issues  of Conflict of Interest of the Directors  Nil  Nil  Number of complaints received in relation to issues  of Conflict of Interest of the KMPs  Nil  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRINCIPLE 2: BUSINESSES SHOULD PROVIDE GOODS AND SERVICES IN A MANNER THAT IS SUSTAINABLE AND SAFE .

## Leadership Indicators

1. Percentage of R&amp;D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in spec ifi c technologies to improve the environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&amp;D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively.

| Current Financial  Year - 2022-2023  Previous Financial  Year - 2021 -2022  Details of  improvements in  environmental and social impacts  R&amp;D  Nil  Nil  Capex  Nil  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The  Company  is  in  the  business  of  generation  of  power  from  renewable  energy  sources  and  contributes  to reduction in GHG.

- a. Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No)
- b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?

The company does not use any raw materials for generation of power.  However most of the company sources most of its spares and components from reputed corporates who have adopted sustainable practices. (Also, Refer Business Overview given above)

2. Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste.

Power  generated  by  us  is  consumed  in  full  and  there  is  no  scope  for  reuse/recycling.  However,  the  company  has sustainable practices in respect of spares and components as given below:

- Used Batteries are returned to Battery OEM on exchange basis.
- Only designated hazardous waste generated from our Operations-Used oil, oil socked cotton wastes are disposed of through authorized recyclers/Treatment storage and disposal facility.
- E wastes, are disposed of through authorized dealers.
- Metal scraps generated are disposed through vendors for recycling
3. Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity's activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same.

No

## Leadership Indicators

1. Has  the  entity  conducted  Life  Cycle  Perspective /  Assessments (LCA) for any of  its products (for manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
2. If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same.

| NIC Code  Name of  Product  /  Service  % of total  Turnover  contributed  Boundary for  which the  Life Cycle Perspective  / Assessment was  conducted  Whether  conducted  by independent  external agency  (Yes/No)  Results  communicated  in  public domain  (Yes/No)  If  yes, provide the web-link  Not Applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of Product/Service  Description of the risk/concern  Action taken  Not Applicable.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

3. Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
4. Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category.

| Indicate Input Material  Recycled or reused input material to total material  FY 2022-23 Current Financial year  FY 2021-22 Previous Financial year  ## Not Applicable   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| FY 2022-23 Current Financial year  FY 2021-22 Previous Financial year  Re-used  Recycled  Safely disposed  Re-used  Recycled  Safely disposed  Plastics (Including packaging)  Not Applicable  E waste  Hazardous waste  Other waste   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Indicate product category  Reclaimed products and their packaging materials as % of total products sold in respective category  ## Not Applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

PRINCIPLE 3 Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value chains

## Essential Indicators

- 1 a. Details of measures for the well-being of employees:
- b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:

| Health Insurance  Accident Insurance  Maternity Benefits  Paternity Benefits  Day Care facilities  Category  TOTAL  (A)  Number  (B)  % B/A  Number  ('C)  % C/A  Number  ('D)  % D/A  Number  ('E)  % E/A  Number(F)  % F/A  Permanent Employees  Male  114  114  100.0%  114  100.0%  0  0.0%  114  100.0%  0  0%  Female  12  12  100.0%  12  100.0%  12  100.0%  0  0.0%  0  0%  Other than permanent Employees  Health Insurance  Accident Insurance  Maternity Benefits  Paternity Benefits  Day Care facilities  Category  TOTAL  (A)  Number  (B)  % B/A  Number  ('C)  % C/A  Number  ('D)  % D/A  Number  ('E)  % E/A  Number(F)  % F/A  Male  Not Applicable  Female  Not Applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Health Insurance  Accident Insurance  Maternity Benefits  Paternity Benefits  Day Care facilities  Category  TOTAL (A)  Number (B)  % B/A  Number ('C)  % C/A  Number ('D)  % D/A  Number ('E)  % E/A  Number(F)  % F/A  Permanent Workers  Male  Not Applicable  Female  Not Applicable  Other than permanent workers  Health Insurance  Accident Insurance  Maternity Benefits  Paternity Benefits  Day Care facilities  Category  TOTAL (A)  Number (B)  % B/A  Number ('C)  % C/A  Number ('D)  % D/A  Number ('E)  % E/A  Number(F)  % F/A  Male  Not Applicable  Female  Not Applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current FY and Previous Financial Year

| FY 2022-2023  Current Financial Year  FY 2021-2022  Previous Financial Year  BENEFITS  No of  Employees  covered as  a % of total  employees  No of workers  covered as  a % of total  workers  Deducted and  deposited with  the authority  Y/N, NA  No of  Employees  covered as  a % of total  employees  No of workers  covered as  a % of total  workers  Deducted and  deposited with  the authority  Y/N, NA  PF  100%  No workers  Yes  100%  No workers  Yes  GRATUITY  100%  No workers  Yes  100%  No workers  Yes  ESI  100%  No workers  Yes  100%  No workers  NA  Others-Please  specify  0  0  NA  0  0  NA   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: All eligible employees are covered under the above statutory benefits

## 3. Accessibility of workplaces

Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard.

The company's premises have been provided with necessary infrastructure to facilitate smooth access for the differently abled.

4. Does  the  entity  have  an  equal  opportunity  policy  as  per  the  Rights  of  Persons  with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the policy.

Yes, http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Equal-Employment-Opportunity-with-Disability-Policy.pdf

5. Return to work and Retention rates of  permanent employees and workers that took parental leave.
6. Is  there  a  mechanism  available  to  receive  and  redress  grievances  for  the  following categories of employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.

| Permanent employees  Permanent workers  Gender  Return to work rate  Retention rate  Return to work rate  Retention rate  Male  100%  100%  NA  NA  Female  NA  NA  NA  NA   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: During the year parental leave has not been availed by any female employees.

Employee Grievance Management Policy is made available on the website of OGPL, at following link: http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Employee-Grievance-Policy.pdf

Y es.  Any  employee  of  the  company  can  raise  grievance  as  outlined  in  the  Employees  Grievance  Redressal  Policy  for redressal. All employees have been familiarized on the policies and how to  escalate the  grievance. The grievance can be raised in person or through email with the designated Authority.

<!-- image -->

7. Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:

| Category  FY 2022- 2023  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-2022  (Previous Financial Year)  Total  employees  / workers in  respective  category  (A)  No. of employees /  workers in respective  category, who are  part  of association(s) or  Union  (B)  % (B / A)  Total  employees  / workers in  respective  category  (C)  No. of  employees /  workers in respective  category, who are  part of association(s)  or Union  (D)  % (D /  C)  Total  Permanent  Employees  - Male  Not Applicable  - Female  Not Applicable  Total  Permanent  Workers  - Male  Not Applicable  - Female  Not Applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : There are no association(s) or Unions

| Category  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  Total (A)  On Health &amp;safety  Measures  On Skill  Upgradation  Total (A)  On Health &amp;safety  Measures  On Skill  Upgradation  No. (E)  %(E/D)  No. (F)  %(F/D)  No. (B)  %(B/A)  No. (C)  %(C/A)  Permanent Employees  - Male  114  86  75.4%  5  4.4%  113  111  98.2%  24  21.2%  - Female  12  12  100.0%  12  100.0%  11  11  100.0%  6  54.5%  ## Other than permanent employees  - Male  Not Applicable  - Female  Not Applicable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Category  FY 2022-23 (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22 (Previous Financial Year)  Total (A)  No. B  %B/A  Total (A)  No. D  %D/C  Permanent Employees  - Male  114  102  89.5%  113  102  90.3%  - Female  12  9  75.0%  11  9  81.8%  Other than permanent employees  - Male  Not Applicable  - Female  Not Applicable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : Performance and career development review was carried out for 100% of  eligible employees (except new joinees).

10. Health and safety management system:
- a. Whether an occupational health  and  safety  management  system  has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ No). If yes, the coverage such system?

Yes. The company has adopted and implemented the Environment, Health, Safety and Social management systems (EHSS). The EHSS policy covers health and safety and the company is committed to provide safe and healthy working environment for the prevention of work related injuries and ill health. This is implemented at all sites and offices

- b. What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine basis by the entity?

The company has assessed and identified risks relating to all activities through HIRA and have evolved processes to carry out different activities in a safe manner. In order to periodically monitor and review, the company has formed safety committee at all sites and members are encouraged to offer suggestions for improvements. The minutes of the safety committee meetings are reviewed at the corporate level and suggestions for improving the process are evaluated for implementation.

- c. Whether you have processes for workers to report the work related hazards and to remove themselves from such risks. (Y/N)

Yes.

- d. Do the employees/ worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? (Yes/ No) Yes, all the employees have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services through tieups with medical entities in close proximity.
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy work place.
4.  Hazards relating to each activity at site have been identified and safe working method to undertake each activity has been developed and implemented at all sites.
5.  Personal protective equipments have been provided to all personnel at work site.
6.  All maintenance works are carried out with Work permit only. Before taking up the job while issuing work permit a safety pep talk is given to all the personnel concerned on the possible hazards and steps for safe working are explained.
7.  A safety tip is circulated daily which is discussed in detail in the daily tool box talk.
8.  There is a system to capture all incidents for thorough investigation and corrective actions to avoid future incidents/ accidents.
9.  Internal safety audits are conducted periodically
10.  Preventive Maintenance schedule is adhered to strictly.

| Safety Incident/Number  Category  FY 2022-23  Current  Financial  Year  FY 2021-22  Previous  Financial  Year  Lost  Time  Injury  Frequency  Rate  (LTIFR)  (per  one  million-  person hours worked)  Employees  0  0  Workers  0  0  Total recordable work-related injuries  Employees  0  0  Workers  0  0  No. of fatalities  Employees  0  0  Workers  0  0  High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding  fatalities)  Employees  0  0  Workers  0  0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
14. Assessments for the year:
15. Provide  details  of  any  corrective  action  taken  or  underway  to  address  safety-related incidents (if any) and on significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health &amp; safety practices and working conditions.

| FY 2022-23  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  Filed during  the year  Pending  resolution at  the end of year  Remarks  Filed during  the year  Pending  resolution at  the end of year  Remarks  Working Conditions  0  0  -  0  0  -  Health &amp; Safety  0  0  -  0  0  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| % of your plants and offices that were assessed  (by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)  Health and safety practices  70% by our own audit teams  Working Conditions   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

NIL

## Leadership Indicators

1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of
2. Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.

(A) Employees

No

(B) Workers Not Applicable

All  corporate  contracts  entered  by  us  with  value  chain  partners  require  them  to  comply  with  the  statutory  benefits scheme. The compliance is periodically reviewed.

3. Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work- related injury / ill-health / fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been are rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
4. Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No) YES
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:

| Total no. of affected employees/ workers  No. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated  and placed in suitable  employment or whose family  members have been placed in suitable employment  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial  Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous  Financial Year)  Employees  Nil  Workers  Not Applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| % of value chain partners (by value of business done  with such partners) that were assessed  Health and safety practices  Nil  Working Conditions  Nil   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Most of our value chain partners with whom we have significant transactions, are reputed corporates having their own EHSS Management systems and are complying with the requirements. Hence we have not made any assessment independently.

6. Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.

Not Applicable

## PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders

## Essential Indicators

1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.

OGPL values and recognizes the role and the contribution made by any individual, group or institution that constitute its value chain as a stakeholder. Contribution made by each one of them is assessed to identify the key stakeholders. This includes employees, community, investors, suppliers, customers etc.,

2. List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder group.

| Stakeholders  group  Whether  identified as  Vulnerable and  marginalized  group (Yes/No)  Channel of  communication  Frequency of  Engagement  (Annually/Half/Yearly/  Quarterly/others -  please specify  Purpose and scope of Engagement  including key topics and concerns  raised during such engagement  Shareholders  No  AGM, Annual  reports,  addressing queries  raised, Grievance  redressal  Annual Need basis  Keep the shareholders informed and  improve governance practices.  Employees  No  Employee  interaction,  Performance  appraisal, E mail  communication  Regular  Helps build good team, upgrade skills  and knowledge and align employees  towards organizational goals. Career  advancement opportunities and adhere  to ethical practices.  Community  Yes  Community  engagement and  voluntary CSR  initiatives  Ongoing, Need basis  Local development and contribute to  better livelihoods  Customers  No  Regular  interaction, email  communication  Regular, Need basis  Understand their need and strive  towards satisfying their needs. Obtain  feedback to improve the process. Help  customers meet their sustainability  goals.  Suppliers  No  Periodical  interaction,  meetings, email  communication  Regular  Improve efficiency through timely  supply of quality goods   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leadership Indicators

1. Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.

Consultation with our stakeholders is an ongoing process. We engage with our employees, suppliers and customers regularly  during  the  course  of  our  business.  Additionally,  we  interact  with  the  community  around  our  worksites regularly. The shareholders have the opportunity to interact with the board members during Annual General Meeting. The Management team reviews the feedback periodically.

<!-- image -->

2. Whether  stakeholder  consultation  is  used  to  support  the  identification  and  management  of  environmental,  and  social topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.

Y es, Based on the feedback received from stakeholders, we have started conducting Awareness program to the school going children around our site on the importance of preservation of environment.

3. Provide  details of  instances of  engagement with, and actions taken to, address  the concerns of vulnerable/ marginalized stakeholder groups.

The Company identifies the vulnerable and marginalised stakeholders on an ongoing basis. Before setting up any new project, we engage with the stakeholders.

In the past, when we setup a new project, based on consultation with local communities, we donated land to a school near our project site for construction of classrooms.

## PRINCIPLE 5 Businesses should respect and promote human rights

## Essential Indicators

1. Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the following format:
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:

| Category  FY 2022-2023  Current Financial Year  FY 2021-22  Previous Financial Year  Total (A)  No. of  employees  /  workers  covered (B)  % (B / A)  Total (C)  No. of  employees  / workers  covered (D)  % (D / C)  Employees  Permanent  126  126  100%  124  124  100%  Other than permanent  Total Employees  126  126  100%  124  124  100%  Workers  Permanent  Not Applicable  Other than permanent  Not Applicable  Total Workers  Not Applicable   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Category  FY 22-23  Current Financial Year  FY 21-22  Previous Financial Year  Total  (A)  Equal to  Minimum  Wage  More than  Minimum  Wage  Total  (D)  Equal to  Minimum  Wage  More than  Minimum  Wage  No.  (B)  % (B /  A)  No.  (C)  % (C /  A)  No.  (E)  % (E /  D)  No.  (F)  % (F /  D)  Employees  Permanent  Male  114  0  0%  114  100%  113  1  0.9%  112  99.1%  Female  12  0  0%  12  100%  11  0  0%  11  100%  Other than  Permanent  Male  Not Applicable  Female  Not Applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Category  FY 22-23  Current Financial Year  FY 21-22  Previous Financial Year  Total  (A)  Equal to  Minimum  Wage  More than  Minimum  Wage  Total  (D)  Equal to  Minimum  Wage  More than  Minimum  Wage  No.  (B)  % (B /  A)  No.  (C)  % (C /  A)  No.  (E)  % (E /  D)  No.  (F)  % (F /  D)  Workers  Permanent  Male  Not Applicable  Female  Not Applicable  Other than  Permanent  Not Applicable  Male  Female  Not Applicable   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages, in the following format:
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues. -

| Male  Female  Number  Median remuneration/ salary/  wages of respective category  Number  Median remuneration/  salary/  wages of respective category  Board of Directors (BoD)  1  60,00,000  -  -  Key Managerial Personnel  -  -  2  41,02,542  Employees other than BoD and KMP  113  4,18,758  10  4,55,994  Workers  NA   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

4. Do  you  have  a  focal  point  (Individual/  Committee)  responsible  for  addressing  human rights impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business? YES

We have exclusive committees constituted to redress grievances relating to human rights issues.

6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
7. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.-

| FY 2022-23  Current Financial Year  FY 2021-22  Previous Financial Year  Filed during  the year  Pending  resolution at  the  end of year  Remarks  Filed during  the year  Pending  resolution at  the  end of year  Remarks  Sexual Harassment  Nil  Nil  Discrimination at Workplace  Nil  Nil  Child Labour  Nil  Nil  Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour  Nil  Nil  Wages  Nil  Nil  Other human rights related issues  Nil  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The complaints of discrimination and harassment are addressed in a fair manner. The identity of the complainant is not disclosed unless required. Post the resolution, protection is given to the complainant to avoid any vindictive consequences.

8. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts?

Y es, we have included it in some of the corporate contracts. Further, most of our vendors and customers who contribute to significant share of business are reputed corporates, who have their own systems and policies covering all business practices including Human Rights compliance

<!-- image -->

9. Assessments for the year:
10. Provide  details  of  any  corrective  actions  taken  or  underway  to  address  significant  risks  / concerns  arising  from  the assessments at Question 9 above.

| % of your plants and offices that were assessed  (by entity or statutory authorities or  third parties)  Child labour  100% By entity  Forced/involuntary labour  -  Sexual harassment  -  Discrimination at workplace  -  Wages  100% By entity  Others - please specify  Nil   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## There were no adverse findings

## Leadership Indicators

1. Details  of  a  business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints.Not Applicable
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.

We have not conducted due-diligence relating to Human rights.

3. Is  the  premise/office  of  the  entity  accessible  to  differently  abled  visitors,  as  per  the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?

The company's premises have been provided with necessary infrastructure to facilitate smooth access for the differently abled.

4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:

| % of value chain partners (by value of business done  with such partners)  that were assessed  Sexual Harassment  Nil  Discrimination at workplace  Nil  Child Labour  Nil  Forced Labour/Involuntary Labour  Nil  Wages  Nil  Others - please specify  Nil   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Most of our value chain partners are reputed Corporate companies who have their own policies and mechanism to monitor for compliance of all matters relating to human rights and ethical practices.

5. Provide  details  of  any  corrective  actions  taken  or  underway  to  address  significant  risks  /  concerns  arising  from  the assessments at Question 4 above.

Not Applicable

## PRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment

## Essential Indicators

1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format

We are in the business of generating power from renewable sources and the process is not power intensive. Only start up power is required to be consumed for power generation. Auxiliary power consumption is met from the power produced by the WTGs.

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  Total electricity consumption (A)(MJ)  1,50,22,742  1,58,64,401  Total fuel consumption (B)  -  -  Energy consumption through other sources (C)  -  -  Total energy consumption  (A+B+C)(MJ)  1,50,22,742  1,58,64,401  Energy intensity per rupee of turnover  (Total energy consumption/  turnover in rupees)  0.006  0.005  Energy  intensity  (optional)  -  the relevant  metric  may  be  selected  by the entity   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

## No

2. Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as  designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.

## No

3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial  Year)  Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)  (i) Surface water  Nil  Nil  (ii) Groundwater  Nil  Nil  (iii) Third party water  Nil  Nil  (iv) Seawater / desalinated water  Nil  Nil  (v) Others  Nil  Nil  Total  volume  of  water  withdrawal  (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v)  Nil  Nil  Total volume of water consumption  (in kilolitres)  Nil  Nil  Water intensity per rupee of  turnover  (Water consumed / turnover)  Water intensity  (optional)  - the relevant metric may be selected by the  entity   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

## Not Applicable

<!-- image -->

4. Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and implementation.

## Not Applicable

5. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:

| Parameter  Please specify  unit  FY 2022-23  (Current F inancial  Year)  FY  2021-22  (Previous  Financial Year)  NOx  Not applicable as there are no emissions from the  process  SOx  Particulate matter (PM)  Persistent organic pollutants (POP)  Volatile organic compounds (VOC)  Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)  Others - please specify   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. Not Applicable

6. Provide  details  of  greenhouse  gas  emissions  (Scope  1  and  Scope  2  emissions)  &amp;  its intensity, in the following format:

| Parameter  Unit  FY 2022-23  (Current  Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial  Year)  Total Scope 1 emissions  (Break-up  of  the  GHG  into  CO2,  CH4,  N2O,  HFCs,  PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)  Metric tonnes  of  CO2 equivalent  Nil  Nil  Total Scope 2 emissions  (Break-up  of  the  GHG  into  CO2,  CH4,  N2O,  HFCs,  PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)  Metric tonnes  of  CO2 equivalent  Nil  Nil  Total Scope 1 and Scope 2  emissions per rupee of  turnover  Nil  Nil  Total  Scope  1  and  Scope  2  emission  intensity  (optional)  - the relevant metric may be selected by  the entity  Nil  Nil   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. Not Applicable

7. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If Yes, then provide details.

The company is engaged in the business of generation of power from renewable energy sources, which in itself , results in avoidance of greenhouse gas emissions.

8. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)  Plastic waste  (A)  0.09  Nil  E-waste  (B)  Nil  Nil  Bio-medical waste  (C)  Nil  Nil  Construction and demolition waste  (D)  -  -  Battery waste  (E)  0.06  Nil  Radioactive waste  (F)  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any.  (G)  Used Oil- 3,910 Lt  Used Oil- 18,860 Lt  Other  Non-hazardous  waste  generated  (H).  Please  specify,  if  any.  (Break-up  by  composition  i.e.  by materials relevant to the  sector)  Metal Scrap -76.96MT  Aluminium Scrap - 0.68 MT  Electrical Scrap - 30.68 MT  Metal Scrap - 117.34MT  Aluminium Scrap - 0.74 MT  Electrical Scrap - 34.86 MT  Total (A+B + C + D + E + F + G  + H)  111.91 MT  169.56 MT  For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations  (in metric tonnes)  Category of waste  (i) Recycled  100  100  (ii) Re-used  Nil  Nil  (iii) Other recovery operations  Nil  Nil  Total  Nil  Nil  For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tonnes)  Category of waste  (i) Incineration  (ii) Landfilling  (iii) Other disposal operations  Metal Scrap -76.96MT  Aluminium Scrap - 0.68 MT  Electrical Scrap - 30.68 MT  Used oil- 3.44 MT  Plastic Waste- 0.09 MT  Battery waste- 0.06 MT  Metal Scrap - 117.34MT  Aluminium Scrap - 0.74 MT  Electrical Scrap - 34.86 MT  Used Oil- 16.62 MT  Plastic Waste- Nil  Battery waste- Nil  Total  111.91 MT  169.56 MT   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  hazardous  waste  is  disposed  off  through  authorized  vendors.  Non  hazardous  waste  (Scrap)  like  metal  scrap  is disposed through vendors for recycling.

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. No

9. Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.

The company does not generate any waste in the process of power generation. There is no toxic chemicals involved in the process. Waste like used oil, metal scrap etc. are segregated at source and dealt with in accordance with law.

10. If  the  entity  has  operations/offices  in/around  ecologically  sensitive  areas  (such  as  national  parks,  wildlife  sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
11. Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the current financial year:

| S.  No.  Location of  operations/  offices  Type of  operations  Whether the conditions of environmental approval / clearance are being  complied with? (Y/N) If no, the reasons thereof and corrective action taken,  if any.  ## Not Applicable, none of our plants are located in/around ecologically sensitive areas   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name and brief details  of  project  EIA  Notification  No.  Date  Whether  conducted by  independent external  agency (Yes / No)  Results  communicated  in public domain  (Yes / No)  Relevant  Web  link  Not Applicable, as no new projects were implemented during the year   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

12. Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:

| S.  No.  Specify the law /  regulation  / guidelines which was not  complied with  Provide  details  of the non-  compliance  Any fines /  penalties / action  taken by regulatory agencies such  as pollution control boards or by  courts  Corrective action  taken, if any  1.  Nil  Nil  Not Applicable  Not Applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leadership Indicators

1. Provide break-up of the total energy consumed (in Joules or multiples) from renewable and non-renewable sources, in the following format:

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current Financial  Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  From renewable sources  Total electricity consumption (A)  Nil  Nil  Total fuel consumption (B)  Nil  Nil  Energy consumption through other sources (C)  Nil  Nil  Total energy consumed from  renewable sources (A+B+C)  From non-renewable sources  Total electricity consumption (D) (MJ)  1,50,22,000  1,58,58,000  Total fuel consumption (E)  Nil  Nil  Energy consumption through other sources (F)  Nil  Nil  Total energy consumed from  non-renewable sources  (D+E+F) (MJ)  1,50,22,000  1,58,58,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.

No

2. Provide the following details related to water discharged:

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current  Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous  Financial Year)  Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)  (i) To Surface water  Not Applicable  - No treatment  - With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of Treatment  (ii) To Groundwater  - No treatment  - With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of Treatment  (iii) To Seawater  - No treatment  - With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of Treatment  (iv) Sent to third-parties  - No treatment  - With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of Treatment  (v) Others  - No treatment  - With  treatment  -  please  specify  level  of Treatment  Total water discharged (in kilolitres)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. -

3. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):

For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:

- (i) Name of the area
- (ii) Nature of operations
- (iii) Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current  Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous  Financial  Year)  Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)  (i) Surface water  NIL  (ii) Groundwater  (iii) Third party water  (iv) Seawater / desalinated water  (v) Others  Total  volume  of  water  withdrawal  (in kilolitres)  Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres)  Water intensity per rupee of  turnover  (Water consumed / turnover)  Water intensity  (optional)  - the relevant metric may be selected by the entity  Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

| Parameter  FY 2022-23  (Current  Financial Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous  Financial  Year)  (i) Into Surface water  NIL  - No treatment  - With treatment - please specify level of treatment  (ii) Into Groundwater  - No treatment  - With treatment - please specify level of treatment  (iii) Into Seawater  - No treatment  - With treatment - please specify level of treatment  (iv) Sent to third-parties  - No treatment  - With treatment - please specify level of treatment  (v) Others  - No treatment  - With treatment - please specify level of treatment  Total water discharged (in kilolitres)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. -

4. Please provide details of total   emissions &amp; its intensity, in the following format:

| Parameter  Unit  FY 2022-2023  (Current Financial  Year)  FY 2021-22  (Previous  Financial  Year)  Total Scope 3 emissions  (Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs,  PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)  Metric  tonnes of  CO2 equivalent  17.68  10.72  Total Scope 3 emissions  per rupee of turnover  insignificant  insignificant  Total Scope 3 emission  intensity  (optional)  - the relevant metric may be  selected by the entity   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Scope 3 includes only emission by vehicles used by our own personnel  for the Operation and Maintenance.

Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. No

5. With  respect  to  the  ecologically  sensitive  areas  reported at Question 10  of Essential Indicators above, provide details of significant  direct  &amp;  indirect  impact  of  the  entity  on  biodiversity  in  such  areas  along-with  prevention  and  remediation activities. Not Applicable
6. If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:

| Sr. No  Initiative undertaken  Details of the initiative  (Web-link, if  any,  may be provided along-with summary)  Outcome of  the initiative  Not Applicable   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

7. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.

We have an Emergency Preparedness plan to deal with contingencies and to protect our personnel and assets to quickly restore operations when a disaster strikes. All our employees are continuously trained by conducting mock drills to handle disasters.

T o prevent any loss of data in the event of a disaster, periodical back up is taken. Critical data are stored in the cloud platform which can be retrieved anytime.

8. Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard.

Most of our value chain partners are reputed companies who have adopted sustainable business practices and there is no significant adverse impact to the environment.

PRINCIPLE 7 Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and transparent

## Essential Indicators

1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
- b. List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) the entity is a member of/ affiliated to.
2. Provide  details  of  corrective  action  taken  or  underway  on  any  issues  related  to  anti- competitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.

| S.  No.  Name of the trade and industry chambers/  associations  Reach of trade and industry chambers/  associations  (State/National)  1  Indian Wind Power Association  Both State and National level  2  Madras Chamber of Commerce &amp;Industry  Both State and National level  3  National Safety Council  Both State and National level   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of Authority  Brief of the case  Corrective action taken  Not Applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leadership Indicators

1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:

| S.No.  Public policy  advocated  Method of reported for such advocacy  Whether information available in public domain (Yes/No)  Frequency of review by Board (Annually/Half Yearly/Quarterly/Others)  Web Link, if available  ## Not Applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRINCIPLE 8 Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development

## Essential Indicators

1. Details  of  Social  Impact  Assessments  (SIA)  of  projects  undertaken  by  the entity  based on applicable laws, in the current financial year.

We have not implemented any new projects during the year and hence not applicable.

2. Provide  information  on  project(s)  for  which  ongoing  Rehabilitation  and  Resettlement (R&amp;R) is being undertaken by your entity, in the following format:

## Not Applicable

3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.

The details of the person to be contacted are displayed prominently at all sites and the public can communicate their grievances to us. If any grievances are received, a meeting with the complainant along with other stakeholders would be convened for redressal as outlined in the procedures.

<!-- image -->

4. Percentage of input material / service (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers / service providers:

| FY 2022-23  Current Financial  Year  FY 2021-22  Previous  Financial Year  Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers  6.4%  4.95%  Sourced directly from within the district and neighbouring districts  refer note below   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note : The district wise purchase details are not available. However, the company prioritizes the local vendors/service providers over others, while sourcing for its requirements.

## Leadership Indicators

1. Provide  details  of  actions  taken  to  mitigate  any  negative  social  impacts  identified  in  the  Social  Impact  Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
2. Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as identified by government bodies:
3. (a) Do  you  have  a  preferential  procurement  policy  where  you  give  preference  to purchase from suppliers comprising marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)

| Details of negative social impact identified  Corrective action taken  Not Applicable   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| S.No.  State  Aspirational District  Amount spent (inr)  Not Applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No

- (b) From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure?

The company follows the practice of utilizing the services of the local service providers wherever possible. The company prioritizes payment to the small vendors so that their business sustains in the long run. Most of the operations of the company are in the remote location and the company avails the services from local vendors and create job opportunity to the local people wherever possible.

- (c) What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?

Spares and services are provided by the Operation and Maintenance contractors as part of their scope of contract and hence company's own procurement is not much. Some of the major components can be procured only from OEMs in view of high technology involved in the wind turbines. The company constantly endeavors to promote sourcing from marginalized sections. We have not tracked the procurement made from such suppliers and will initiate steps to quantify the same.

4. Details  of  the  benefits  derived  and  shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
5. Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved. None

| S.No.  Intellectual property based on  traditional knowledge  Owned/Acquired (Yes/  No)  Benefit Shred  (Yes/No)  Basis of calculating  benefit share  Not Applicable   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Name of Authority  Brief of the case  Corrective action plan  Not Applicable   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:

| S. No.  CSR Project  ## No. of persons benefitted from CSR Projects  ## % of beneficiaries from vulnerable and marginalized groups  ## Not Applicable   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PRINCIPLE  9  Businesses  should  engage  with  and  provide  value  to their consumers in a responsible manner

## Essential Indicators

1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback.

The Company is in the business of generation of  power  from renewable energy sources . Electricity generated is sold to state owned DISCOMs and Private Consumers under long /medium term contracts.

The nature of the business and product is such that the consumer complaints and feedback may not be relevant for the Company.

2. Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information about:
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
5. Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, provide a web-link of the policy.

| As a percentage to total turnover  Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product  Not Applicable considering the  nature of Company's Business  Safe and responsible usage  Recycling and/or safe disposal   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| FY 2022-23  (Current Financial  Year)  Remarks  FY 2021-22  (Previous Financial Year)  Remarks  Received  during the  year  Pending  resolution at  end of year  Received  during the  year  Pending  resolution  at  end of year  Data privacy  Nil  Advertising  Cyber-security  Delivery of essential services  Restrictive Trade Practices  Unfair Trade Practices  Other   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Number  Reasons for recall  Voluntary recalls  Not Applicable  Forced recalls   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Yes, http://orientgreenpower.com/files/Cyber-Security-Policy.pdf

<!-- image -->

6. Provide  details  of  any  corrective actions  taken  or  underway  on  issues  relating  to advertising, and delivery of essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.

Nil

## Leadership Indicators

1. Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if available). Not Applicable, as we are in the business of generation of Power.
2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.

All our customers are large corporates who have their own energy conservation initiatives on an ongoing basis. During our periodical personal interaction with customers we share our suggestions .

3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.

Any disruption or expected disruption which may have an adverse impact are communicated by e-mail to consumers

4. Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)

## Not Applicable

5. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
- a. Number of instances of data breaches along-with impact Nil
- b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers Nil

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To The Members of Orient Green Power Company Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial statements of Orient Green Power Company Limited (hereinafter  referred  to  as  the  'Holding  Company')  and  its subsidiaries (the  Holding  Company  and  its  subsidiaries together  referred  to  as  'the  Group'),    which  comprise  the Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  as  at  March  31,  2023,  the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including Other Comprehensive  Income),  the  Consolidated  Statement  of Changes in Equity and the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  for  the  year  ended  on  that  date,  and  notes  to  the consolidated  financial  statements  including  a  summary  of the  significant  accounting  policies  and  other  explanatory information.  (Hereinafter  referred  to  as  'the  consolidated financial statements')

In  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and according  to  the  explanations  given  to  us  and  based  on the  consideration  of  reports  of  other  auditors  on  separate financial statements and on the other financial information of certain subsidiaries, the aforesaid consolidated financial statements give the information required by the Companies Act, 2013 as amended (the 'Act') in the manner so required and  give  a  true  and  fair  view  in  conformity  with  Indian Accounting  Standards  (IND  AS)    prescribed  under  section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended including the Companies (Indian  Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2019 and other  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  India,  of the  consolidated  state  of  affairs  of  the  Group  as  at  March 31,  2023,  the  consolidated  net  profit,  consolidated  total comprehensive income, consolidated changes in equity and its consolidated cash flows for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We  conducted  our audit of the consolidated financial statements  in  accordance  with  the  Standards  on  Auditing (SAs) specified  under  section  143  (10) of the Act.  Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Code of  Ethics  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants of  India  (ICAI)  together  with  the  ethical  requirements  that are relevant  to  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements  under  the  provisions  of  the  Act  and  the  Rules made  thereunder,  and  we  have  fulfilled  our  other  ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ICAI's Code of Ethics. We believe that the audit evidence we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide a  basis  for  our  audit  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## Emphasis of Matter

We draw attention to the following matters included in the Notes to the Ind AS Consolidated financial statements:

- i. Considering  the  stay  granted  by  the  Hon'ble  Supreme Court of India on the order issued by Central Electricity Regulatory  Commission  ('CERC')  on  reduction  of  floor price,  and  based  on  the  legal  opinion  obtained,  the Group is confident of favourable decision on the appeal with Hon'ble Supreme Court against APTEL (Appellate Tribunal for Electricity at New Delhi) order and realisation of difference of Rs. 500 per REC aggregating to Rs. 2,071 Lakhs in respect of receivables as on 31st March 2017. Nevertheless, for the delay in recovering the said  amount, the group has made provision of Rs.497 lakhs for expected credit losses till March 31, 2023.
- ii. Considering  the  regulatory  developments  in  Andhra Pradesh  during  FY  2019-20,  the  group  (through  M/s. Beta Wind Farm Private Limited, one of the subsidiaries) could  not  proceed  with  Phase  III  power  project.  The capital advances in this regard could not be recovered from the vendor owing to their financial position. These advances are supported by a comfort letter issued by M/s. SVL Limited. The net advances receivable by the group  are  Rs.4,000  lakhs.  Out  of  the  same,  Rs.  1,150 lakhs were recovered during the year and the remaining Rs.  2,850  lakhs  are  expected  to  be  recovered  within one year. Considering the expected credit losses recognized,  this  arrangement  does  not  result  in  any further impairment to the group.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of these matters.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that in our professional judgment,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We did not audit the financial statements of  certain  subsidiaries,  as  at  and  for  the  year  ended  on March 31, 2023, as considered in the consolidated financial statements. These financial statements have been audited by other auditors whose reports have been furnished to us by the Management and our identification and reporting of the Key Audit Matters, in so far as it relates to these subsidiaries, is based solely on the reports of the other auditors.

We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to be communicated in our report.

| Sr.  No  Key Audit Matter  Auditors Response  1  Audit of testing of Impairment in the Property, Plant  and Equipment and credit losses, if any, in the Loans  and  Advances  have  been  identified  as  a  Key  Audit  Matter considering the materiality involved.  The audit procedures that were performed were as under:  •  Where the situation so warranted, we reviewed the adequacy  of  the  impairment  provisions/credit  losses  estimated  by  the  company  for  its  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  and  Loans  based on the net-worth of the other companies, the operating/  cash  profits  and  the  net  present  value  of  cash  flows  on  the  basis  of  the  projected  financial  statements  approved  by  the  management and the Audit Committee of the company.  •  We  have  reviewed  the  reasonableness  of  the  projected  revenues, expenses, remaining useful life of the Windmills and  the net present value of the cash flows (NPV) of the company  and  the  discount  rate  involved.  We  have  also  compared  the  NPV  with  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  assets  in  order  to  ascertain  the  adequacy  of  the  provisions.  According  to  the  information and explanations given to us by the management  of  the  company, we have also considered the long gestation  and the pay-back period involved in the Wind Power Projects,  while estimating the amount and the timing of the provisions/  credit losses against the Investments and the Loans.  •  We have obtained and reviewed the reports on the valuation of  the Windmills and equity shares which was carried out by the  company by engaging Independent Valuers.  •  Our  procedures  did  not  reveal  any  material  concerns  on  the  provision for impairment and credit losses as considered in the  financial statements.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information Other than the Consolidated Financial Statements and Auditor's Report Thereon

The  Holding  Company's  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the  information  included  in  the  Management  Discussion and  Analysis,  the  report  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  the report on the Corporate Governance but does not include the Consolidated Financial Statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial Statements, our responsibility is to read the other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other information is materially inconsistent with the Consolidated Financial Statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Management's Responsibility for the Consolidated Financial Statements

The Holding Company's Board of Directors is responsible for preparation and presentation of these consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position, consolidated financial performance, consolidated total comprehensive  income,  consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (IND  AS)  prescribed  under  section  133  of  the  Act  read  with the  Companies(Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Rules,  2015 as  amended  including  the  Companies  (Indian  Accounting Standards)  Amendment  Rules,  2019  and  other  accounting principles generally accepted in India. The respective Board of  Directors  of  the  companies  included  in  the  Group  are responsible  for  maintenance  of  the  adequate  accounting records  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Act  for safeguarding  the  assets  of  the  Group  and  for  preventing and  detecting  frauds  and  other  irregularities;  selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are reasonable and prudent; and  design,  implementation  and  maintenance  of  adequate internal financial controls, that were operating effectively for

ensuring the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, relevant to the preparation and presentation of the consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a  true  and  fair view and are free from material misstatement, whether due to  fraud  or  error  which  have  been  used  for  the  purpose  of preparation of the consolidated financial statements by the Board of Directors of the Holding Company, as aforesaid.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the respective  Board  of  Directors  of  the  companies  included in  the  Group  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  ability  of the  Group  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The respective Board of Directors of the companies included in the Group are also responsible for overseeing the financial reporting process of the group.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  financial  controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the  circumstances.  Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for

expressing our opinion on whether the Holding Company and  its  subsidiary  companies  which  are  companies incorporated in India, have adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.

- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting in preparation of consolidated financial statements and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast significant doubt on the ability of the Group to continue as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,  supervision  and  performance  of the  audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  such  entities included in the consolidated financial statements. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  of Holding  Company  and  such  other  entities  included  in  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  which  we  are  the independent auditors  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings,  including  any  significant  deficiencies  in  internal control that we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and where applicable, related safeguards.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with governance,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements  of  the  current  year  and  are  therefore  the  key audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Other Matter

We  did not audit the financial statements of certain subsidiaries whose financial statements, before consolidation  adjustments,  reflect  group's  share  of  total assets of Rs. 7,703 Lakhs as at March 31, 2023, group's share of  total  revenues  of  Rs.  1,777  Lakhs,  Group's  share  of  total net  profit  after  tax  of  Rs.  106  lakhs  and  net  cash  outflows amounting to Rs. 120 Lakhs for the year ended 31 March 2023, as considered in the consolidated financial statements.

These  financial  statements  have  been  audited  by  other auditors  whose  reports  have  been  furnished  to  us  by  the Management.  Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial statements,  in  so  far  as  it  relates  to  the  amounts  and disclosures included in respect of these subsidiaries, and our report in terms of sub-sections (3) of Section 143 of the Act, in so far as it relates to the aforesaid subsidiaries, is based solely on the reports of such other auditors.

Our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  and our  report  on  Other  Legal  and  Regulatory  Requirements below, is  not  modified  in  respect  of  the  above  matter  with respect to our reliance on the work done and the reports of the other auditors.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

As required by Section 143(3) of the Act, based on our audit and  on  the  consideration  of  report  of  the  other  auditors on  separate  financial  statements  and  the  other  financial information  of  subsidiaries,  as  noted  in  the  'other  matter' paragraph we report, to the extent applicable, that:

- a. We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the  information  and explanations  which  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge  and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements.
- b. In  our opinion, proper books of account as required by law relating to preparation of the aforesaid consolidated financial statements have been kept so far as it appears from our examination of those books and the reports of the other auditors.
- c. The  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet,  the  Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss (including other comprehensive  income),  Consolidated  Statement  of Changes  in  Equity  and  the  Consolidated  Cash  Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the relevant books of account maintained for the purpose  of  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial statements.
- d. In  our  opinion,  the  aforesaid  consolidated  financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under Section 133 of the Act read with  the  Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards) Rules, 2015 as amended including the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2019.
- e. On  the  basis  of  the  written  representations  received from the directors of the Holding Company as on March 31,  2023  taken  on  record  by  the  Board  of  Directors  of the Holding Company and the reports of the statutory auditor  of  its  subsidiaries  incorporated  in  India,  none of the directors of the Group companies incorporated in India is disqualified as on March 31, 2023 from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
- f. With  respect  to  the  adequacy of the internal financial controls with reference to financial statements of the Holding  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  incorporated  in India and the operating effectiveness of such controls, refer to our separate Report in 'Annexure A'.
- g. With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of section 197 (16) of the Act, as amended, in our opinion and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and  according  to the explanations given to us, the remuneration paid by the  Holding  Company  and  the  subsidiaries  which  are incorporated in India to its directors during the year is in accordance with the provisions of section 197 (16) of the Act.
- h. With  respect  to  the  other  matters  to  be  included  in the Auditor's Report in accordance with Rule 11 of the Companies  (Audit  and  Auditor's)  Rules,  2014,  in  our opinion and to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us:
- i. The  Group  has  disclosed  the  impact  of  pending litigations on its financial position in its consolidated financial statements - Refer Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
- ii. The Group, did not have any material foreseeable losses on long-term contracts including derivative contracts during the year ended 31st March 2023.

- iii. There  were  no  amounts  which  were  required to  be  transferred  to  the  Investor  Education  and Protection Fund by the Holding Company and the subsidiaries which are incorporated in India.
- iv. a) The management has represented that to the best of its knowledge or belief, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from  borrowed  funds  or  share  premium  or any  other  sources  or  kind  of  funds)  by  the Group to or in any other persons or entities including foreign entities (intermediaries) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing  or  otherwise,  that  the  intermediary shall,  whether  directly  or  indirectly  lend  or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Group (ultimate beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
- b) The management has represented that to  the  best  of  its  knowledge  or  belief,  no funds have been received by the Group from any  other  person(s)  or  entity(ies)  including foreign  entities  (funding  parties)  with  the understanding,  whether  recorded  in  writing or  otherwise,  that  the  Group  shall,  whether directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever  by  or  on  behalf  of  the  funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee,  security  or  the  like  on  behalf  of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
- c) Based  on  the  audit  procedures  considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances  carried  out  by  us,  nothing has  come  to  our  notice  that  has  caused  us to believe that the representation  under clause  (iv-a)  &amp;  (iv-b)  contain  any  material misstatements.
- v. The Company has not declared and paid dividend during the year.
- vi. There are no comments offered as regards the maintenance of books of account using accounting software which has a feature of recording  audit  trail  (edit  log)  facility  under  Rule 11(g) of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 since the said requirements under proviso to Rule

3(1)  of  the  Companies  (Accounts)  Rules,  2014  are not  applicable  to  the  company  for  the  financial year ended March 31, 2023.

- i. With  respect  to  the  matters  specified  in paragraphs  3(xxi)  and  4  of  the  Companies (Auditor's  Report)  Order,  2020  (the  'Order'/ 'CARO')  issued  by  the  Central  Government in  terms  of  Section  143(11)  of  the  Act,  to  be included in the Auditor's report, according to the information and explanations given to us, and based on the CARO reports issued by us for the holding Company, subsidiaries and by other auditors of its subsidiaries incorporated in India included in the consolidated financial statements of the Group, to which reporting under CARO is applicable, we report that there are  no  qualifications  or  adverse  remarks  in these  CARO  reports  except  as  mentioned below:

| Name of group company  CARO  Clause No.  BETA Wind Farm Private Limited  3 (i) (c)  3 (vii) (b)  Orient Green Power Company Limited  3 (vii) (b)  Amrit  Environmental  Technologies  Private  Limited  3 (ix) (a)  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  3 (i) (c)  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  3 (i) (c)  3 (vii) (b)  Bharat Wind Farm Limited  3 (vii) (b)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For G. D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W UDIN: 23113053BGWSYU4751

Umesh S. Abhyankar

Pune, April 20, 2023

Partner

Membership Number: 113053

' Annexure A' to the Independent Auditor's Report of Even Date  on  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  of  Orient Green  Power  Company  Limited  -  Report  on  the  Internal Financial  Controls  under  Clause  (i)  of  Sub-section  3  of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act')

## To The Members of

## Orient Green Power Company Limited

In  conjunction  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  IND  AS financial statements of Orient  Green  Power  Company Limited as at and for the year ended March 31, 2023, we have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting of Orient Green Power Company Limited (hereinafter referred to as the 'Holding Company') and its subsidiaries (the Holding Company  and  its  subsidiaries  together  referred  to  as  'the Group') which are companies incorporated in India, as at that date.

## Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The respective Board of Directors of the Holding Company and  its  subsidiaries,  which  are  companies  incorporated in  India,  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining internal  financial  controls  based  on  the  internal  control over  financial  reporting  criteria  established  by  the  Holding Company considering the essential components of internal control  stated  in  the  Guidance  Note  on  Audit  of  Internal Financial  Controls  Over  Financial  Reporting  ('the  Guidance Note')  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants of  India  (ICAI).  These  responsibilities  include  the  design, implementation and maintenance of adequate internal financial controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient conduct of its business, including adherence to the Company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets,  the  prevention  and  detection  of  frauds  and  errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation of reliable financial information, as required under the Act.

## Auditor's Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements based on our audit. We conducted our audit in accordance with the Guidance  Note  on  Audit  of  Internal  Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting (the 'Guidance Note') and the  Standards  on  Auditing,  both,  issued  by  the  Institute  of Chartered  Accountants  of  India  (ICAI),  and  deemed  to  be prescribed  under  section  143(10)  of  the  Act,  to  the  extent applicable  to  an  audit  of  internal  financial  controls.  Those Standards  and  the  Guidance  Note  require  that  we  comply with  ethical  requirements  and  plan  and  perform  the  audit to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  adequate internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements was established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our  audit  involves  performing  procedures  to  obtain  audit evidence about the adequacy  of the internal financial controls  over  financial  reporting  with  reference  to  these consolidated Ind AS financial statements and their operating effectiveness.  Our  audit  of  internal  financial  controls  over financial  reporting  included  obtaining  an  understanding of  internal  financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and  evaluating  the  design  and  operating  effectiveness  of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected  depend  on  the  auditor's  judgement,  including  the assessment  of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error.

We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  and the audit evidence obtained by the other auditors in terms of  their  reports  referred  to  in  the  Other  Matters  paragraph below,  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for our  audit  opinion  on  the  internal  financial  controls  over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements.

## Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting  with  Reference  to  these  Consolidated  Ind  AS Financial Statements

A company's internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and dispositions  of  the  assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  company  are being made  only  in  accordance  with  authorisations  of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of

the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

## Inherent  Limitations  of  Internal  Financial  Controls  Over Financial Reporting with Reference to these Consolidated Ind AS Financial Statements

Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  of  internal  financial controls over financial reporting with reference to consolidated  Ind  AS  financial  statements,  including  the possibility of collusion or improper management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Also, projections of any evaluation of the internal financial controls over financial reporting with reference to these consolidated Ind AS financial statements to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  the  internal financial control over financial reporting  may  become inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Opinion

IIn  our  opinion,  the  Holding  Company  and  its  subsidiaries which are companies incorporated in India have maintained in all material respects, an adequate internal financial controls system  over  financial  reporting  with  reference  to  these consolidated Ind AS financial statements and such internal financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  were  operating effectively as at March 31, 2023, based on the internal control over  financial  reporting  criteria  established  considering the  essential  components  of  internal  control  stated  in  the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial Reporting issued by the ICAI.

## Other Matter

Our report under Section 143(3)(i) of the Act on the adequacy and operating effectiveness of the internal financial controls over financial  reporting  with  reference  to  consolidated financial statements  in  so  far as it relates to certain subsidiaries  not  audited  by  us  and  which  are  companies incorporated in India is based on the corresponding reports of the auditors of such subsidiaries incorporated in India.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of the above matter.

For G. D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W UDIN: 23113053BGWSYU4751

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113053

Pune, April 20, 2023

## Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  As at  March 31, 2023  As at  March 31, 2022  ASSETS  Non -current assets  (a)  Property, plant and equipment  5a  1,45,031  1,52,960  (b)  Capital work-in-progress  6  504  -  (c)  Goodwill on consolidation  40  1,278  1,278  (d)  Other intangible assets  5b  1  15  (e)  Financial assets  (i) Investments  7  -  -  (ii) Loans  8  -  -  (iii) Other financial assets  9  219  176  (f)  Non-current tax assets  10  116  372  (g)  Other non-current assets  11  584  4,467  Total non-current assets  1,47,733  1,59,268  Current Assets  (a)  Inventories  12  455  162  (b)  Financial assets  (i) Investments  13  3  -  (ii) Trade receivables  14  11,277  16,532  (iii) Cash and cash equivalents  15 A  1,101  829  (iv) Bank balances other than (iii) above  15 B  123  463  (v) Other financial assets  16  6,570  2,950  (c)  Other current assets  17  732  1,205  Total current assets  20,261  22,141  Assets classified as held for sale  18  1,217  1,697  Total assets  1,69,211  1,83,106  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  (a)  Equity share capital  19  75,072  75,072  (b)  Other equity  20  (22,710)  (26,126)  Equity attributable to the owners of the Company  52,362  48,946  Non - controlling interests  (867)  (941)  Total equity  51,495  48,005  Liabilities  Non-current liabilities  (a)  Financial liabilities  (i) Borrowings  21  94,867  1,08,960  (ii) Lease liabilities  22  1,939  1,991   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Contd...)

## Consolidated Balance Sheet as at March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  As at  March 31, 2023  As at  March 31, 2022  (b)  Provisions  23  126  64  (c)  Deferred tax liabilities (Net)  24  -  -  Total non-current liabilities  96,932  1,11,015  Current liabilities  (a)  Financial liabilities  (i) Borrowings  25  12,259  12,499  (ii) Lease liabilities  26  30  370  (iii) Trade Payables  27  -  Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  4  -  -  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and  small enterprises  1,227  1,872  (b)  Other current liabilities  28  141  252  (c)  Provisions  29  42  20  Total current liabilities  13,703  15,013  Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  30  7,081  9,073  Total liabilities  1,17,716  1,35,101  Total equity and liabilities  1,69,211  1,83,106   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

| In terms of our report attached  ## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  For G.D. Apte &amp; Co.,  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration Number: 100 515W  T. Shivaraman  R. Ganapathi  Managing Director &amp; CEO  Director  DIN: 01312018  DIN: 00103623  Umesh S. Abhyankar  Partner  J. Kotteswari  M. Kirithika  Membership Number: 113 053  Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary  Place : Pune  Place : Chennai  Date : April 20, 2023  Date : April 20, 2023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated statement of profit and loss for the year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  For the year ended  March 31, 2023  For the year ended  March 31, 2022  A  CONTINUING OPERATIONS  1  Revenue from operations  31  25,831  31,063  2  Other income  32  3,190  459  3  Total income (1 + 2)  29,021  31,522  4  Expenses  (a) Cost of Maintenance  33  5,129  5,128  (b) Employee benefits expense  34  1,279  1,116  (c) Finance costs  35  10,824  12,161  (d) Depreciation and amortisation expense  5  8,295  8,862  (e) Other expenses  36  2,318  2,432  Total expenses (4)  27,845  29,699  5  Profit/(Loss) Before Exceptional items and Tax (3-4)  1,176  1,823  6  Exceptional items  37  2,334  2,832  7  Profit/(Loss) Before Tax (5-6)  3,510  4,655  8  Tax expense:  (a)  Current tax expense  -  -  (b)  Deferred tax expense  -  -  9  Profit/(Loss) for the year from continuing operations (7-8)  (after tax)  3,510  4,655  B  DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS  10  Profit/(Loss) from discontinued operations before tax  39  (177)  (1,077)  11  Less: Tax expense of discontinued operations  -  -  12  Profit/(Loss) from discontinued operations (10-11) (after tax)  (177)  (1,077)  13  Profit/(Loss) for the year (9+12)  3,333  3,578  14  Other comprehensive income  A  (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or (loss)  - Remeasurements of the defined benefit plans  (120)  4  (ii)    Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to  profit/ (loss)  -  -  B  (i)  Items that may be reclassified to profit or (loss)  -   Exchange differences in translating the financial  statements of foreign operations  277  (100)  (ii)    Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to profit/  (loss)  -  -  Total other comprehensive Income/(loss) (A+B)  157  (96)  15  Total comprehensive Income/(loss) for the year (13+14)  3,490  3,482  16  Profit/(Loss) for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (a) Continuing Operations  3,381  4,324  (b) Discontinued Operations  (122)  (826)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated statement of profit and loss for the year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  For the year ended  March 31, 2023  For the year ended  March 31, 2022  - Non-controlling Interests  (a) Continuing Operations  129  331  (b) Discontinued Operations  (55)  (251)  3,333  3,578  Other comprehensive Income/(loss) for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  (a) Continuing Operations  157  (96)  (b) Discontinued Operations  -  -  - Non-controlling Interests  (a) Continuing Operations  -  -  (b) Discontinued Operations  -  -  157  (96)  Total comprehensive Income/(loss) for the year attributable to:  - Owners of the Company  3,416  3,402  - Non-controlling Interests  74  80  3,490  3,482  17  Earnings per equity share of Rs. 10/- each (in Rupees)  46  (a)  Continuing Operations  (i) Basic  0.45  0.58  (ii) Diluted  0.45  0.58  (b)  Discontinued Operations  (i)  Basic  (0.02)  (0.11)  (ii)  Diluted  (0.02)  (0.11)  (c)  Total EPS (Continuing &amp; Discontinued)  (i)  Basic  0.43  0.47  (ii)  Diluted  0.43  0.47   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements  In terms of our report attached  ## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  For G.D. Apte &amp; Co.,  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration Number: 100 515W  T. Shivaraman  R. Ganapathi  Managing Director &amp; CEO  Director  DIN: 01312018  DIN: 00103623  Umesh S. Abhyankar  Partner  J. Kotteswari  M. Kirithika  Membership Number: 113 053  Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary  Place : Pune  Place : Chennai  Date : April 20, 2023  Date : April 20, 2023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Equity Share Capital

A.

| Balance at the 01 April, 2022  Changes in Equity share capital due to  prior period errors  Restated balance as at  01 April, 2022  Changes in equity share capital  during the year  Balance as at 31 March, 2023  75,072  -  75,072  -  75,072  Balance at the 01 April, 2021  Changes in Equity share capital due to  prior period errors  Restated balance as at  01 April, 2021  Changes in equity share capital  during the year  Balance as at 31 March, 2022  75,072  -  75,072  -  75,072  B.  Other Equity  Particulars  Reserves and Surplus  Other Comprehensive Income  Total  Non Controlling  Interest  Total  Equity  Capital Reserve  on Consolidation  Securities  premium  Retained  Earnings  Foreign currency  translation  reserve  Re-measurement  of defined benefit  obligation  Balance at 01 April, 2022  12,455  80,203  (1,19,488)  690  14  (26,126)  (941)  (27,067)  Changes in Equity share capital due to prior period  errors  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Restated balance at 01 April, 2022  12,455  80,203  (1,19,488)  690  14  (26,126)  (941)  (27,067)  Profit/(Loss) for the year  -  -  3,259  -  -  3,259  74  3,333  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net  of income tax  -  -  -  277  (120)  157  -  157  Total comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year  -  -  3,259  277  (120)  3,416  74  3,490  Balance at 31 March, 2023  12,455  80,203  (1,16,229)  967  (106)  (22,710)  (867)  (23,577)  Balance at 01 April, 2021  12,455  80,203  (1,22,910)  790  10  (29,452)  (999)  (30,451)  Changes in Equity share capital due to prior period  errors  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Restated balance at 01 April, 2021  12,455  80,203  (1,22,910)  790  10  (29,452)  (999)  (30,451)  Profit/(Loss) for the year  -  -  3,498  -  -  3,498  80  3,578  Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net  of income tax  -  -  -  (100)  4  (96)  -  (96)  On account of derecognition of subsidiary  -  -  (76)  -  -  (76)  (22)  (98)  Total comprehensive Income/(Loss) for the year  -  -  3,422  (100)  4  3,326  58  3,384  Balance at 31 March, 2022  12,455  80,203  (1,19,488)  690  14  (26,126)  (941)  (27,067)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes forming part of the consolidated financial statements

R. Ganapathi

Director

DIN: 00103623

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T. Shivaraman

Managing Director &amp; CEO DIN: 01312018

In terms of our report attached

For G.D. Apte &amp; Co.,

Chartered Accountants

Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

Umesh S. Abhyankar

M. Kirithika

J. Kotteswari

Partner

Company Secretary

Chief Financial Officer

Membership Number: 113 053

Place : Chennai

Date : April 20, 2023

Place : Pune

Date : April 20, 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2023  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2022  A. Cash flows from operating activities  Profit/(Loss) before tax  3,333  3,578  Adjustments for:  Depreciation and amortisation expense  8,295  8,862  Differential tariff claim  -  (2,441)  Gain on modification of lease  (287)  (123)  (Profit)/loss on sale of Property, Plant and Equipment  (2,227)  (300)  Gain on derecognition of subsidiary  -  (50)  Liabilities no longer required written back  (2,781)  (63)  Impairment on Investments/ Loans/ advances/PPE &amp; interest receivables/ assets  held for sale/( Reversals)  (7)  621  Provision for doubtful loans/advances/trade receivables  645  783  (Profit)/Loss on sale of  investments  (57)  (41)  Finance costs  10,824  12,161  Interest income  (195)  (25)  Unrealised Loss/(Gain) on  foreign exchange fluctuations (net)  (134)  78  Operating Profit/ (Loss) before working capital/other changes  17,409  23,040  Changes in working capital:  Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:  Current  Inventories  (294)  3  Trade receivables  5,074  (413)  Other financial assets  235  52  Other current assets  456  (462)  Assets classified as held for sale  -  312  Non Current  Other financial assets  (263)  (168)  Other non-current assets  -  (10)  Adjustments for increase / (decrease) in operating liabilities:  Current  Trade payables  158  (333)  Other financial liabilities  1  (250)  Provisions  23  (44)  Other Current Liabilities  (82)  5  Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  43  (1)  Non Current  Other non current liabilities  (99)  440  Provisions  (46)  (142)  Cash generated from/(utilised for) operations  22,615  22,029  Income Taxes refund/(paid)  255  (35)  Net cash generated from/(utilized for) operating activities (A)  22,870  21,994   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2023  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2022  B. Cash flows from investing activities  Acquistion of Property, Plant and Equipment/ intangible assets  (164)  (167)  Proceeds from disposal of Property, Plant and Equipment  730  2,132  Capital work in progress  (504)  -  Capital advances (given)/ recovered  (382)  -  (Increase)/Decrease in deposit with banks  340  (204)  (Investments) / proceeds from sale of investments (Net)  105  242  Loans (given to)/ repayment of loans from related parties (Net)  -  180  Interest received  from  - Bank Deposits  182  17  Net cash generated/ (utilized) from investing activities (B)  307  2,200  C. Cash flows from financing activities  Payment of lease liabilities  (30)  (150)  Proceeds from long term borrowings - banks/others  1,101  2,660  (Repayment) of long-term borrowings banks/others  (13,620)  (15,419)  Proceeds from short term borrowings(net of repayment)  6  25  Interest Paid  (10,386)  (11,748)  Net cash flows generated/(utilized) from financing activities (C)  (22,929)  (24,632)  Net (decrease)/ increase in cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  248  (438)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  829  1,355  Exchange differences on translation of foreign currency cash and cash equivalents  24  15  Effects on derecognition of subsidiary  -  (103)  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  (Refer Note 15A)  1,101  829   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, both changes arising from cash flows and non-cash changes are given below:

| Particulars  As at 01 April,  2022  Net Cash Changes  (Decrease)/  Increase  Non-Cash Changes  As at 31  March, 2023  Changes in  Fair Values/  Accruals  Other  Non-Current Borrowings (inluding Current  Maturities of Long Term Debt)  1,19,308  (12,519)  60  (1,690)  1,05,159  Current Borrowings  2,194  6  -  -  2,200  Interest accrued  62  (10,386)  10,824  (464)  36  Total  1,21,564  (22,899)  10,884  (2,154)  1,07,395   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Year ended March 31, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  As at 01 April,  2021  Net Cash Changes  (Decrease)/  Increase  Non-Cash Changes  As at 31  March, 2022  Changes in  Fair Values/  Accruals  Other  Non-Current Borrowings (inluding Current  Maturities of Long Term Debt)  1,30,266  (12,759)  -  1,801  1,19,308  Current Borrowings  2,195  25  -  (26)  2,194  Interest accrued  81  (11,748)  12,161  (432)  62  Total  1,32,542  (24,482)  12,161  1,343  1,21,564   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. The above Consolidated Cash Flow Statement has been prepared under the indirect method set out in Indian Accounting Standard (IND AS) -7, 'Statement of Cash Flow' as specified in the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015.
2. Direct  Tax  paid  is  treated  as  arising  from  operating  activities  and  are  not  bifurcated  between  investment  and  financing activities.
3. All figures in brackets indicate outflow.

In terms of our report attached For G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113 053

Place : Pune

Date : April 20, 2023

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T. Shivaraman

Managing Director &amp; CEO DIN: 01312018

J. Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer

Place : Chennai

Date : April 20, 2023

R. Ganapathi

Director

DIN: 00103623

M. Kirithika

Company Secretary

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 1. Corporate Information

Orient  Green  Power  Company  Limited  (OGPL)  ('the Company'), its subsidiaries (together ' the Group') and its associates are engaged in the business of generation and sale of power using renewable energy sources i.e., wind  energy.  The  company  is  having  its  registered office at Fourth floor, Bascon Futura SV, No.10/1, 10/2, Venkatanarayana Road, T.Nagar, Chennai - 600017.

The  Company's  shares  are  listed  on  BSE  Limited  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

## 2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ('MCA') notifies  new standard  or  amendments  to  the  existing  standards under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as  issued  from  time  to  time.  On  March  31,  2023,  MCA amended the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2023, applicable from April 1, 2023, as below:

- (i) Ind AS  1 -  Disclosure  of  material  accounting policies:

The amendments related to shifting of disclosure of erstwhile 'significant accounting policies' to  'material  accounting  policies'  in  the  notes  to the  financial  statements  requiring  companies  to reframe  their  accounting  policies  to  make  them more entity specific. This amendment aligns with the 'material'  concept  already  required  under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The Group does not expect this amendment to  have  any  significant  impact  in  its  financial statements.

- (ii) Ind AS 8 - Definition of accounting estimates:

The amendments will help entities to distinguish between accounting policies and accounting estimates. The definition of a 'change in accounting  estimates'  has  been  replaced  with a definition of 'accounting estimates.' Under the new  definition, accounting estimates are 'monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that are subject to measurement uncertainty.' Entities develop accounting estimates if accounting policies  require  items  in  financial  statements  to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty. The Group  does not expect this amendment to have any significant impact in its financial statements.

## (iii) Ind AS 12 - Income Taxes

The  amendments  narrowed  the  scope  of  the recognition exemption in paragraphs 15 and 24 of Ind AS 12. At the date of transition to Ind AS, a firsttime adopter shall recognize a deferred tax asset to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible temporary difference can be utilized. Similarly,  a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with:

- a) right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
- b) decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities  and  the  corresponding  amounts recognized as part of the cost of the related asset. Therefore,  if  a  group  has  not  yet recognised deferred tax on right-of-use assets and lease liabilities or has recognized deferred  tax  on  net  basis,  the  same  need to  recognize  on  gross  basis  based  on  the carrying  amount  of  right-of-use  assets  and lease liabilities
3. (iv) Ind  AS 103 - Common control Business Combination

The amendments modify the disclosure requirement for business combination under common  control  in  the  first  financial  statement following the business combination. It requires to disclose the date on which the transferee obtains control of the transferor.

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies

## 3.1 Statement of compliance

These consolidated financial statements of the Group  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Indian Accounting Standards ('Ind AS') prescribed under Section  133  of  Companies  Act,  2013  read  with  the Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Rules  as amended from time to time. The accounting policies as set out below have been applied consistently to all years presented in these consolidated financial statements.

## 3.2 Basis of preparation and presentation

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

accounting policies below. Historical cost is  generally based  on  the  fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in exchange for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an  orderly  transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability,  the Group  takes  into  account  the  characteristics  of  the asset  or  liability  if  market  participants  would  take those  characteristics  into  account  when  pricing  the asset  or  liability  at  the  measurement  date.  Fair  value for  measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these Consolidated  Financial  Statements  is  determined  on such a basis.

In  addition,  for  financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements  are  categorised  into  Level  1,  2,  or  3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities that  the  entity  can  access  at  the  measurement date;
- Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level  3  inputs  are  unobservable  inputs  for  the asset or liability

When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the  Group  uses  observable  market  data  as  far  as possible.  If  the  inputs  used  to  measure  the  fair  value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair  value  hierarchy,  then  the  fair  value  measurement is  categorised  in  its  entirety  in  the  same  level  of  the fair  value  hierarchy  as  the  lowest  level  input  that  is significant to the entire measurement.

The principal accounting policies are set out below:

## 3.3 Basis of Consolidation

Notes on these Consolidated Financial Statements are intended to serve as a means of informative disclosure and a guide to better understanding of the consolidated position  of  the  companies.  Considering  this  purpose, the  Company has disclosed only such Notes from the individual Financial Statements, which:

- are necessary for presenting a true and fair view of the Consolidated Financial Statements,
- the notes involving items, which are considered to be material.

These  consolidated  financial  statements  incorporate the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries and associate of the Company. Subsidiaries are entities controlled  by  the  Company.  Control  is  achieved  when the Company:

- has power over the investee;
- is  exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and
- has ability to use its power to affect its returns

The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are  changes  to  one  or  more  of  the  three  elements  of control listed above.

When  the  Company  has  less  than  a  majority  of  the voting  rights  of  an  investee,  it  has  power  over  the investee  when  the  voting  rights  are  sufficient  to  give it  the  practical  ability  to  direct  the  relevant  activities of the investee unilaterally. The Company considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether or  not  the  Company's  voting  rights  in  an  investee  are sufficient to give it power, including:

- the size of the Company's holding of voting rights relative to the size and dispersion of holding of the other vote holders;
- potential voting rights held by the Company, other vote holders or other parties, if any;
- rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- any additional facts and circumstances that indicate that the Company has, or does not have, the current ability to direct the relevant activities at  the  time  that  decisions  need  to  be  made, including voting patterns at previous shareholders' meetings.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Company obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the Company loses control  of  the  subsidiary.  Specifically, income  and  expenses  of  a  subsidiary  acquired  or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit and loss from the date the Company gains control until the date the Company ceases to control the subsidiary.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the shareholders  of  the  company  and  to  non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the shareholders of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements  of  subsidiaries  to  bring  the  accounting policies into line with the Group's accounting policies.

All  intragroup  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The Consolidated Financial  Statements  have  been prepared  using  uniform  accounting  policies  for  like

## 3.3.1 Principles of Consolidation (contd..)

The following are the list of direct and step down subsidiaries of the Company that are consolidated:

| Sl.  NO  Name of the Subsidiary  Principal Activity  Country of  Incorporation  Relationship  Effective Ownership  Interest as at  March 31,  2023  March 31,  2022  1  Beta Wind farm Private  Limited  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary  74.00%  74.00%  2  Beta Wind farm (Andhra  Pradesh) Private Limited  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary of Beta Wind  Farm Private Limited  Nil  Disposed  during the  year (refer  note-51)  3  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary  100.00%  100.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

transactions and other events in similar circumstances are presented to the extent possible, in the same manner as the Company's separate financial statements except otherwise stated.

The Consolidated Financial  Statements  have  been prepared by combining the financial statements of the company and its subsidiaries on a line-by-line basis by adding together the book values of like items of assets, liabilities,  income  and  expenses  after  eliminating  in full intra-group balances, intra-group transactions and unrealized profits. Unrealized losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.

Non-controlling  interest  represents  the  proportion  of income,  other  comprehensive  income  and  net  assets in subsidiaries that is not attributable to the Company's shareholders. Considering the business model adopted by  the  Indian  subsidiaries  engaged  in  wind  power generation,  their  profits/losses  are  absorbed  by  the Company.

In  case  Group  loses  control  of  a  subsidiary  on  its disposal,  the  difference  between  the  proceeds  from disposal of investments in a subsidiary and the carrying amount of its net assets as on the date of disposal is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Sl.  NO  Name of the Subsidiary  Principal Activity  Country of  Incorporation  Relationship  Effective Ownership  Interest as at  March 31,  2023  March 31,  2022  4  Clarion Wind Farm Private  Limited  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary of Bharath  Wind Farm Limited  72.35%  72.35%  5  Gamma Green Power Private  Limited  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary  72.50%  72.50%  6  Orient Green Power Europe  B.V.  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  Netherlands  Subsidiary  100.00%  100.00%  7  Vjetro Elektrana Crno Brdo  d.o.o.,  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  Croatia  Subsidiary of Orient Green  Power (Europe) B.V.  50.96%  50.96%  8  Orient Green Power d.o.o.  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  Macedonia  64.00%  64.00%  9  Orient Green Power  (Maharashtra) Private  Limited (refer note below)  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary  100.00%  100.00%  10  Statt Orient Energy (Private)  Limited  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  Sri Lanka  Subsidiary  Nil  Disposed  during the  year  11  Amrit Environmental  Technologies Private  Limited ( refer note below)  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Subsidiary  74.00%  74.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note

These consolidated financial statements include two subsidiaries viz. Amrit Environmental Technologies Pvt. Ltd (AETPL) and Orient Green Power Maharashtra Private Limited (OGPML), whose financial statements were prepared by the Management on the basis other than that of going concern.

The following are the list of associates of the Company that are consolidated:

| Sl.  NO  Name of the Company  Principal Activity  Country of  Incorporation  Relationship  Effective Ownership/  Beneficial Interest as at  March 31,  2023  March 31,  2022  1  Pallavi Power and Mines Limited  (Also refer note-51)  Generation and sale of  power from Renewable  energy sources  India  Associate  NA  38.87%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 3.4 Business Combination

Acquisitions  of  businesses  are  accounted  for  using the  acquisition  method.  In  this  method,  acquirer's identifiable assets, liabilities and contingent liabilities that  meet  condition  for  recognition  are  recognized  at their fair values as at the acquisition date. Acquisition related costs are generally recognised in consolidated statement of profit and loss as incurred.

Goodwill  is  measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the  amount  of  any  non controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree  and  the  fair  value of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the acquiree  (if  any)  over  the  net  of  the  acquisition-date amounts  of  the  identifiable  assets  acquired  and  the liabilities assumed.

Any  excess  of  the  Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value of  the  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  over  the  sum of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any non-controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree,  and  the  fair value  of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest in  the  acquiree  (if  any)  cost  of  the  investment,  after reassessment, is recognised directly in equity as capital reserve in the period in which the investment is acquired.

Non  Controlling  Interests  that  are  present  ownership interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to  a  proportionate share of the entity's net assets in the event of liquidation is measured at the non controlling interests' proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.

Initially, Non controlling interest is measured at proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets.

When a business combination is achieved in stages, the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is  remeasured  to  its  acquisition-date  fair  value  and the  resulting  gain  or  loss,  if  any,  is  recognised  in consolidated  statement  of  profit  and  loss.  Amounts arising  from  interests  in  the  acquiree  prior  to  the acquisition date that have previously been recognised in  other  comprehensive  income  are  reclassified  to consolidated statement of profit and loss where such treatment  would  be  appropriate  if  that  interest  were disposed of.

## 3.5 Goodwill

Goodwill  arising  on  an  acquisition  of  a  business  is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the business (see note 3.4 above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

For  the  purposes  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  is allocated to each of the Group's cash-generating units that  is  expected  to  benefit  from  the  synergies  of  the combination.

A  cash-generating  unit  to  which  goodwill  has  been allocated  is  tested  for  impairment  annually,  or  more frequently  when  there  is  an  indication  that  the  unit may  be  impaired.  If  the  recoverable  amount  of  the cash-generating unit is less than its carrying amount, the  impairment  loss  is  allocated  first  to  reduce  the carrying  amount  of  any  goodwill  allocated  to  the  unit and then to the other assets of the unit pro rata based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit. Any impairment  loss  for  goodwill  is  recognised  directly in consolidated statement of profit and loss. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in subsequent periods.

On  disposal  of  the  relevant  cash-generating  unit,  the attributable  amount  of  goodwill  is  included  in  the determination of the profit or loss on disposal.

The Group's policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate is described in note 3.22 below.

## 3.6 Inventories

Raw  materials  and  stores  and  spares  are  stated  at the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Costs  of inventories are determined on a weighted average basis and  includes  all  direct  cost  incurred  in  bringing  such inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for  inventories  less  all  estimated  costs  of  completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

Due  allowance  is  made  to  the  carrying  amount  of inventory based on Management's assessment/ technical evaluation and past experience of the Group taking  into  account  its  age,  usability,  obsolescence, expected realisable value etc.

## 3.7 Cash Flow Statement

Cash  flows  are  reported  using  the  indirect  method, whereby  profit  before  tax  is  adjusted  for  the  effects of  transactions  of  non-cash  nature,  any  deferrals  or

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

accruals  of  past  or  future  operating  cash  receipts  or payments and item of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows are segregated into operating, investing and financing activities.

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash  at  banks  and  on  hand  and  short-term  deposits with  original  maturity  of  three  months  or  less,  which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. In  the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Cash  Flows,  cash and  cash  equivalents  consist  of  cash  and  short  term deposits,  as  defined  above,  net  of  outstanding  bank overdrafts, if any as they are considered as integral part of the Company's cash management.

## 3.8 Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.

## 3.8.1 Current tax

The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  'profit  before  tax' as reported in the consolidated statement of profit and loss  because  of  items  of  income  or  expense  that  are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never  taxable  or  deductible.  The  Group's  current  tax is  calculated  using  tax  rates  and  laws  that  have  been enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the reporting period.

## 3.8.2 Deferred tax

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding  tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of taxable  profit.  Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred  tax  assets  are  generally  recognised  for  all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary  differences  associated  with  investment  in subsidiaries and associate, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and  it  is  probable  that  the  temporary  difference  will not  reverse  in  the  foreseeable  future.  Deferred  tax assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences associated with such interests are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the  temporary  differences  and  they  are  expected  to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and  reduced  to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  period  in which the liability would be settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the  reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects  the  tax  consequences  that  would  follow  from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred  tax  assets  include  Minimum  Alternative  Tax (MAT)  paid  in  accordance  with  the  tax  laws  in  India, which is likely to give future economic benefits in the form of availability of set off against future income tax liability.  Accordingly,  MAT  is  recognised  as  deferred tax  asset  in  the  balance  sheet  when  the  asset  can  be measured  reliably  and  it  is  probable  that  the  future economic benefit associated with asset will be realised.

## 3.8.3  Current and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax expense is recognised in  the  Consolidated  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss. When  they  relate  to  items  that  are  recognised  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, the current  and  deferred  tax  are  also  recognised  in  other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

Deferred tax has not been recognised in these consolidated financial statements since Group is incurring losses and is no longer probable that sufficient taxable  profits  will  be  available  in  near  future  for  the deferred tax asset to be utilised.

## 3.9 Property plant and equipment (PPE)

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. The cost of property, plant and equipment comprises

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

the  purchase  price  net  of  any  trade  discounts  and rebates, any import duties and other taxes (other than those subsequently recoverable) and includes interest on borrowings attributable to acquisition of qualifying property, plant and equipment up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use and other incidental expenses incurred  up  to  that  date.  Subsequent  expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment's is capitalised only  if  such  expenditure  results  in  an  increase  in  the future  benefits  from  such  asset  beyond  its  previously assessed standard of performance.

Property, plant and equipment acquired and put to use for  project  purpose  are  capitalised  and  depreciation thereon is included in the project cost till the project is ready for its intended use.

Any part or components of property, plant and equipment which are separately identifiable and expected to have a useful life  which  is  different  from that  of  the  main  assets  are  capitalised  separately, based on the technical assessment of the management.

Projects  under  which  assets  are  not  ready  for  their intended use and other capital work-in-progress are  carried  at  cost,  comprising  direct  cost,  related incidental expenses and attributable interest.

Property, plant and equipment retired from active use and  held  for  sale  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  their  net book value and net realisable  value  and  are  disclosed separately.

Capital  work  in  progress  represents  projects  under which the property, plant and equipment's are not yet ready  for  their  intended  use  and  are  carried  at  cost determined as aforesaid.

## 3.10  Depreciation

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment is  provided  pro-rata  for  the  periods  of  use  on  the straightline method at the rates specified in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013 except in respect of certain assets mentioned below which are provided for at the rates based on the estimated useful lives of the assets, as determined by the Management.

Plant and Equipment in the nature of Electrical equipment including transmission facilities are depreciated over a period of 22 to 27 years considering the nature of the facilities and technical evaluation.

Individual  assets  costing  less  than  Rs.  5,000  each  are depreciated  in  the  year  of  purchase  considering  the type and usage pattern of these assets.

Leasehold  improvements  are  depreciated  over  the primary lease period.

Depreciation  is  accelerated  on  property,  plant  and equipment, based on their condition, usability, etc. as per the technical estimates of the Management, where necessary.

Buildings and Plant and Machinery on land/plant obtained on a lease arrangement are depreciated over the term of the arrangement.

## 3.11 Intangible assets

Intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses, if any.

Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight line basis over the  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  life and  amortisation  method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on prospective basis.

An Intangible asset is derecognised on disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal.  Gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition of  an  intangible  asset  is  measured  as  the  difference between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

## 3.12  Leases

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Company as a lessee

The  Company  accounts  for  each  lease  component within  the  contract  as  a  lease  separately  from  nonlease  components  of  the  contract  and  allocates  the consideration in the contract to each lease component on  the  basis  of  the  relative  stand-alone  price  of  the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

The Company recognises right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

lease term at the lease commencement date. The cost of  the  right  of-  use  asset  measured  at  inception  shall comprise  of  the  amount  of  the  initial  measurement of  the  lease  liability  adjusted  for  any  lease  payments made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any lease  incentives  received,  plus  any  initial  direct  costs incurred  and  an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset or restoring the underlying asset or site on which it  is  located.  The  right-of-use  assets  is  subsequently measured at cost less  any  accumulated  depreciation, accumulated impairment losses, if any and adjusted for any remeasurement of the lease liability. The right-ofuse assets is depreciated using the straight line method from the commencement date over the shorter of lease term or useful life of right-of-use asset. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined on the same basis as those of property, plant and equipment. Right of- use assets are tested for impairment whenever there  is  any  indication  that  their  carrying  amounts may  not  be  recoverable.  Impairment  loss,  if  any,  is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

The Company measures the lease liability at the present value  of  the  lease  payments  that  are  not  paid  at  the commencement date of the lease. The lease payments are  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the lease,  if  that  rate  can  be  readily  determined.  If  that rate cannot be readily determined, the  Company uses incremental borrowing rate. For leases with reasonably similar characteristics, the Company, on a lease by lease basis, may adopt either the incremental borrowing rate specific to the lease or the incremental borrowing rate for the portfolio as a whole. The lease payments shall include fixed payments, variable lease payments, residual value guarantees, exercise price of a  purchase  option  where  the  Company  is  reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments  of penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the  lease  term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.  The  lease  liability  is  subsequently  remeasured by  increasing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  interest on the lease liability, reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made and remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications  or  to  reflect  revised  in-substance  fixed lease payments.

The Company recognises the amount of the remeasurement of lease liability due to modification as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset and statement of profit and loss depending  upon  the  nature of modification. Where the carrying amount of the rightofuse  asset  is  reduced  to  zero  and  there  is  a  further reduction  in  the  measurement  of  the  lease  liability, the Company recognises any remaining amount of the remeasurement in statement of profit and loss.

The Company has elected not to apply the requirements of Ind AS 116 Leases to short term leases of all assets that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The lease payments associated with these leases are recognised as  an  expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease term.

The  Company  chose  to  present  Right  of  use  assets along with the property plant and equipment, as if they were owned.

## Company as a lessor

At  the  inception  of  the  lease,  the  Company  classifies each  of  its  leases  as  either  an  operating  lease  or a finance lease. The Company recognises lease payments received  under  operating  leases  as  income on a straight-line basis over the lease term. In case of a finance lease, finance income is recognised over the lease  term  based  on  a  pattern  reflecting  a  constant periodic rate of return on the lessor's net investment in the lease. When the Company is an intermediate lessor it  accounts  for  its  interests  in  the  head  lease  and  the sublease separately. It assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset. If a head lease is a short term lease to which the Company applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Company applies Ind AS 115 Revenue from contracts with customers to allocate the consideration in the contract.

## Company as a lessee

## Operating leases

For transition, the Company has elected not to apply the requirements of Ind AS 116 to leases which are expiring

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

within 12 months from the date of transition by class of asset and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value on a lease-by-lease basis. The Company has also used the practical expedient provided by the standard when applying Ind AS 116 to leases previously classified as operating leases under Ind AS 17 and therefore, has not  reassessed  whether  a  contract,  is  or  contains  a lease,  at  the  date  of  initial  application,  relied  on  its assessment of whether leases are onerous, applying Ind AS 37 immediately before the date of initial application as an alternative to performing an impairment review, excluded initial direct costs from measuring the rightof-use asset at the date of initial application and used hindsight when determining the lease term if the contract  contains  options  to  extend  or  terminate  the lease. The Company has used a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.

## 3.13  Revenue recognition

Effective  April  01,  2018,  the  Group  adopted  Ind  AS 115, 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers'. Modified  retrospective  method  is  adopted  during  the implementation  of  the  standard.  Application  of  this standard  does  not  have  any  impact  on  the  revenue recognition and measurement.

## Revenue from Operations- Sale of Power

The group derives revenue primarily from Sale of power.

Revenue  from  the  sale  of  power  is  recognised  on  the basis  of  the  number  of  units  of  power  exported,  in accordance with joint meter readings undertaken on  a  monthly  basis  by  representatives  of  the  State Electricity Board and the Group, at rates agreed upon with  customers  and  when  there  is  no  uncertainty  in realising the same. Transmission, System Operating and Wheeling/Other  Charges  payable  to  State  Electricity Boards on sale of power is reduced from Revenue.

Revenue  from  the  end  of  the  last  invoicing  to  the reporting date is recognized as unbilled revenue and are classified as contract assets.

The company accounts for volume discounts and pricing incentives to customers as a reduction of revenue based on  the  ratable  allocation  of  the  discounts/  incentives to  each of the underlying performance obligation that corresponds to the progress by the customer towards earning the discount/ incentive.

## Other Operating Revenues

## a. Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) Income

Income arising from REC is initially recognised in respect of the number of units of power exported at the minimum expected realisable value, determined  based  on  the  rates  specified  under the relevant regulations duly considering the entitlements  as  per  the  policy,  industry  specific developments, Management assessment etc and when there is no uncertainty in realising the same. The  difference  between  the  amount  recognised initially  and  the  amount  realised  on  sale  of  such REC's at the Power Exchange are accounted for as and when such sale happens.

The issuance fee incurred for registering the RECs are reduced from the REC income.

## b. Others

- (i) Income  in  the  form  of  Generation  Based Incentives  are  accounted  for  in  the  year  of generation for eligible Units when there is no uncertainty in receiving the same.
- (ii) Income  from  services  is  recognized  upon rendering  services,  in  accordance  with  the terms of contract.

The Group presents revenues net of indirect taxes in its statement of Profit and loss.

## Other Income

- (i) Dividend  from  investments  is  recognised  when the  shareholder's  right  to  receive  payment  is established and it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount can be measured reliably.
- (ii) Interest income from a financial asset is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest income is  accrued  on  a  time  basis,  by  reference  to  the principal  outstanding  and  the  effective  rate  of interest applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts through the  expected  life  of  the  financial  asset  to  that asset's net carrying amount on initial recognition.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

- (iii) Insurance  claims  are  accounted  for  on  the  basis of  claims  admitted/expected  to  be  admitted  and to the extent that the amount recoverable can be measured reliably  and  it  is  reasonable  to  expect ultimate collection.

## 3.14  Employee Benefits

Employee benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the Group, as detailed below:

## Defined contribution plans

The  Group's  contribution  to  State  Governed  provident fund  scheme,  Employee  State  Insurance  scheme  and Employee pension scheme are considered as defined contribution plans and expenses are recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss based on the amount of contribution required to be made and when services are rendered by the employees.

## Defined benefit plans

The  cost  of  the  defined benefit plans and the present value of the defined benefit obligation are recognized based on actuarial valuation using the projected unit  credit  method.  An  actuarial  valuation  involves making  various  assumptions  that  may  differ  from actual developments  in the future. These  include the  determination  of  the  discount  rate,  future  salary increases and mortality rates. Due to the complexities involved  in  the  valuation  and  its  long  term  nature,  a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.

The Group accrues for liability towards Gratuity which is a defined benefit plan. The present value of obligation under such defined benefit plan is determined based on actuarial valuation as at the balance sheet date, using the  Projected  Unit  Credit  Method.  Actuarial  gains  and losses  are  recognized  in  the  Consolidated  Statement of Other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur and are not deferred.

In  accordance  with  Indian  law,  the  company  and  its subsidiaries in India operate a scheme of gratuity which is a defined benefit plan. The gratuity plan provides for a lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death while in employment  or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent to 15 days' salary payable  for  each  completed  year  of  service.  Vesting occurs  upon  completion  of  five  continuous  years  of service.  The  Company  formed  a  trust  for  making  the contributions.  These  contributions  are  classified  as plan  assets  and  the  corpus  is  managed  by  the  Life Insurance Corporation of India.

The plan assets are adjusted against the gratuity liability. Any excess of Plan assets over the liability is grouped under non-current/current assets respectively.

## Short Term benefits

Short  term  employee  benefits  at  the  Balance  Sheet date, including short term compensated absences, are recognized  as  an  expense  as  per  the  Group's  scheme based  on  expected  obligations  on  an  undiscounted basis.

## Long term employee benefits

The Group's accounts for its liability towards long term compensated absences based on the actuarial valuation done as at the Balance Sheet date by an independent actuary using the Projected Unit Credit Method.

All gains/losses due to actuarial valuations are immediately recognized in the Consolidated Statement of profit and loss.

## 3.15  Government grants

Government grants, including non-monetary grants at fair value, are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attached to them and that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  whose  primary  condition  is  that the  Group  should  purchase,  construct  or  otherwise acquire  non-current  assets  and  non-monetary  grants are  recognised  and  disclosed  as  'deferred  income'  as noncurrent liability in the Consolidated Balance Sheet and recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and  loss  on  a  systematic  and  rational  basis  over  the useful lives of the related assets.

## 3.16  Foreign Currencies

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of the Group's entities are measured using the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the  'functional  currency').  The  consolidated financial  statements  are  presented  in  Indian  Rupees, which  is  the  Company's  functional  currency  and  the Group's presentation currency.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

In preparing the financial statements of each individual group  entity,  transactions  in  currencies  other  than the  respective  entities'  functional  currency  (foreign currencies)  are  recognised  at  the  rates  of  exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in  foreign  currencies  are  retranslated  at  the  rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair  value  that  are  denominated  in  foreign  currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the  fair  value  was  determined.  Non-monetary  items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit and loss in the year in which they arise except for:

- a) exchange differences on foreign currency borrowings relating to assets under construction for  future  productive  use,  which  are  included  in the cost of those assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs on those foreign currency borrowings.

Assets  and  liabilities  of  entities  with  functional currency  other  than  presentation  currency  are translated to the presentation currency (INR) using closing exchange rates prevailing on the last day of the  reporting  period.  Income  and  expense  items are  translated  using  average  exchange  rates  for the  period.  Exchange  differences  arising,  if  any, are  recognized  in  other  comprehensive  income and  accumulated  in  equity  as  'Foreign  currency translation reserve'.

## 3.17  Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs specifically identified to the acquisition or  construction  of  qualifying  assets  are  capitalized as  part  of  such  assets.  A  qualifying  asset  is  one  that necessarily  takes  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get ready  for  the  intended  use.  All  other  borrowing  costs are charged to the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

Capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs  is  suspended  and charged  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  and loss during extended periods when active development activity on the qualifying assets is interrupted.

Interest  income  earned  on  temporary  investment  of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization. Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to a qualifying asset are recognised in  the consolidated statement of profit and loss using the effective interest method (EIR).

## 3.18  Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when  the  group  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially measured  at  fair  value.  Transaction  costs  that  are directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  (other  than financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable  to the acquisition  of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

## 3.19  Derivative financial instruments

The  Company  uses  derivative  financial  instruments, such as forward currency contracts to hedge its foreign currency  risks.  Such  derivative  financial  instruments are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value  on  the  date  on which  a  derivative  contract  is  entered  into  and  are subsequently re-measured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as financial assets when the fair value is positive and as financial liabilities when the fair value is negative.

Any gains or losses arising from changes in the fair value of derivatives are taken directly to profit or loss, except for the effective portion of cash flow hedges, which is recognised in OCI and later reclassified to profit or loss when the hedge item affects profit or loss.

For  the  purpose  of  hedge  accounting,  hedges  are classified as:

- Fair  value  hedges  when  hedging  the  exposure  to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment.
- Cash  flow  hedges  when  hedging  the  exposure  to variability in cash flows that is either attributable

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

to  a  particular  risk  associated  with  a  recognised asset or liability.

Hedges that meet the criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for, as described below:

## i) Fair value hedges:

The change in the fair value of a hedging instrument is  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statement  of profit  and  loss  as  finance  costs.  The  change  in the  fair  value  of  the  hedged  item  attributable  to the risk hedged is recorded as part of the carrying value  of  the  hedged  item  and  is  also  recognised in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  and  loss as finance costs. For fair value hedges relating to items carried at amortised cost, any adjustment to carrying value is amortised through consolidated statement  of  profit  and  loss  over  the  remaining term  of  the  hedge  using  the  EIR  method.  EIR amortisation may begin as soon as an adjustment exists  and  no  later  than  when  the  hedged  item ceases to be adjusted for changes in its fair value attributable to the risk being hedged.

If the hedged item is derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recognised immediately in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

## ii) Cash flow hedges

The  effective  portion  of  the  gain  or  loss  on  the hedging instrument is recognised in OCI in the cash flow hedge reserve, while any ineffective portion is recognised immediately in the statement of profit and loss.

Amounts  recognised  as  OCI  are  transferred  to profit or loss when the hedged transaction affects profit or loss, such as when the hedged financial income or financial expense is recognised.

## 3.20 Financial assets

All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured  in  their  entirety  at  either  amortised  cost or  fair  value,  depending  on  the  classification  of  the financial assets.

## 3.20.1 Classification of financial assets

Debt  instruments  that  meet  the  following  conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost (except for debt instruments that are designated as at fair value through  consolidated  statement  of  profit  and  loss  on initial recognition):

- the  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose objective  is  to  hold  assets  in  order  to  collect contractual cash flows; and
- the  contractual terms of the instrument give rise on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Debt  instruments  that  meet  the  following  conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive  income  (except  for  debt  instruments that are designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition) :

- the  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
- the  contractual terms of the instrument give rise on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Changes  in  the  carrying  amount  of  FVTOCI  monetary financial assets relating to changes in foreign currency rates  are  recognised  in  consolidated  statement  of profit and loss. Other changes in the carrying amount of  FVTOCI  financial  assets  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive  income  and  accumulated  under  the heading  of 'Reserve for  debt  instruments  through other  comprehensive  income'.  When  the  investment is  disposed  of  or  is  determined  to  be  impaired,  the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in this reserve  is  reclassified  to  consolidated  statement  of profit and loss.

All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 3.20.2 Amortised cost and Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future  cash  receipts  (including  all  fees  and points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums  or  discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of the  debt  instrument,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Income  is  recognised  on  an  effective  interest  basis for debt instruments other than those financial assets classified  as  at  FVTPL.  Interest  income  is  recognised in  consolidated  statement  of  profit  and  loss  and  is included in the 'Other income' line item.

## 3.20.3 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI

On initial recognition, the Group can make an irrevocable election  (on  an  instrument-by-instrument  basis)  to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive  income  pertaining  to  investments  in equity  instruments.  This  election  is  not  permitted  if the equity investment is held for trading. These elected investments  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair  value  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income and accumulated in the 'Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income'. The cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified to consolidated statement of profit and loss on disposal of the investments.

A financial asset is held for trading if:

- It has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
- On  initial  recognition  it  is  part  of  a  portfolio  of identified  financial  instruments  that  the  Group manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- It  is  a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument or a financial guarantee.

Changes in the carrying amount of investments in equity instruments  at  FVTOCI  relating  to  changes  in  foreign currency rates are recognised in other comprehensive income.

## 3.20.4 Impairment of financial assets

Loss allowance for expected credit losses is recognised for financial assets measured at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income.

Loss  allowance  equal  to  the  lifetime  expected  credit losses is  recognised if  the  credit  risk  on  the  financial instruments  has  significantly  increased  since  initial recognition. For financial instruments whose credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition, loss allowance equal to twelve months expected credit losses are recognised.

In  accordance with Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments, the Group follows 'simplified approach' for recognition of  impairment  loss  allowance  on  trade  receivables wherein  impairment  loss  allowance  based  on  lifetime expected  credit  losses  at  each  reporting  date,  are recognized right from its initial recognition.

## 3.20.5 Derecognition of financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership and continues to control the transferred asset, the Group recognises its retained interest in the assets and an associated liability for amounts it may have  to  pay.  If  the  Group  retains  substantially  all  the  risks and  rewards  of  ownership  of  a  transferred  financial  asset, the  Group  continues  to  recognise  the  financial  asset  and also  recognises a collateralised borrowing of the proceeds received.

## 3.21 Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments

## 3.21.1 Classifications debt or equity

Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  issued  by  the Group  are  classified  according  to  the  substance  of  the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.

## 3.21.2 Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  an  entity  after  deducting all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Group are recognized at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 3.21.3 Financial liabilities

## (i) Financial Liabilities

Trade  and  other  payables  are  initially  measured at  fair  value,  net  of  transaction  costs,  and  are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method. Interestbearing bank loans, overdrafts and issued debt  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  and  are subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using the effective interest rate method.

Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the settlement or redemption of borrowings is recognised over the term  of  the  borrowings  in  accordance  with  the Group's accounting policy for borrowing costs.

## (ii) Financial guarantee contracts

A  financial  guarantee  contract  is  a  contract  that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because a specified debtor fails to make payments when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are  initially  measured  at  their  fair  values  and,  if not  designated  as  at  FVTPL,  are  subsequently measured at the higher of:

- a. the  amount of loss allowance determined in accordance  with  impairment  requirements of Ind AS 109; and
- b. the  amount  initially  recognised  less,  when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income  recognised  in  accordance  with  the principles of Ind AS 115.

## (iii) Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations are  discharged,  cancelled  or  they  expire.  The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration  paid  and  payable  is  recognised  in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

## 3.21.4 Offsetting of financial assets and liabilities

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset when the group has a legally enforceable right (not contingent on  future  events)  to  off-set  the  recognised  amounts either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## 3.22 Investments in associates

An  associate  is  an  entity  over  which  the  Group  has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to  participate  in  the  financial  and  operating  policy decisions  of  the  investee  but  is  not  control  or  joint control over those policies.

The  results,  assets  and  liabilities  of  associates  are incorporated in the Consolidated Financial Statements using  the  equity  method  of  accounting,  except  when the investment,  or  a  portion  thereof,  is classified as  held  for  sale,  in  which  case  it  is  accounted  for  in accordance with Ind AS 105. Under the equity method, an investment in an associate is initially recognised in the  Consolidated  Balance  Sheet  at  cost  and  adjusted thereafter  to  recognize  the  Group's  share  of  profit  or loss and other comprehensive income of the associate. Distributions  received  from  an  associate  reduces  the carrying amount of investment. When the Group's share of losses of an associate exceeds the Group's interest in that associate, the Group discontinues recognizing its share of further losses. Additional losses are recognized only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate.

Loans advanced to Associate, that have the characteristics  of  equity  financing  are  also  included in the investment of the Group's Consolidated Balance Sheet. The Group's share of amounts recognized directly  in  equity  by  Associate  is  recognized  in  the Group's consolidated statement of changes in equity.

An investment in an associate is accounted for using  the  equity  method  from  the  date  on  which  the investee becomes an associate. On acquisition of the investment in an associate, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group's share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group's  share  of  the  net  fair  value  of  the  identifiable assets  and  liabilities  over  the  cost  of  the  investment, after reassessment, is recognised directly in equity as capital reserve in the period in which the investment is acquired.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Unrealized  gains  on  transactions  between  the  group and  Associates  are  eliminated  to  the  extent  of  the Group's  interest  in  Associates.  Unrealized  losses  are also eliminated to the extent of Group's interest unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.

After  application  of  the  equity  method  of  accounting, the  Group  determines  whether  there  is  any  objective evidence  of  impairment  as  a  result  of  one  or  more events that occurred after initial recognition of the net investment in  an  associate  and  that  event  (or  events) has an impact on the estimated future cashflows from the  net  investment  that  can  be  reliably  estimated.  If there exists such an objective evidence of impairment, then it is necessary to recognise impairment loss with respect to the Group's investment in associate.

When  necessary,  the  entire  carrying  amount  of  the investment (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in  accordance  with  Ind  AS  36  '  Impairment  of  Assets' as a single asset by comparing its recoverable amount (higher  of  value  in  use  and  fair  value  less  cost  of disposal)  with  its  carrying  amount.  Any  impairment loss  recognised  forms  part  of  the  carrying  amount of  the  investment.  Any  reversal  of  that  impairment loss is recognised in accordance with Ind AS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

The  Group  assesses  investments  in  equity  accounted entities, whether there is any objective evidence of impairment, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be  recoverable.  If  any  such  indication  of  impairment exists, the carrying amount  of the investment is compared  with  its recoverable amount,  being  the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. If the carrying amount exceeds the recoverable amount, the investment is written down to its recoverable  amount.  Any  reversal  of  that  impairment loss is recognized in accordance with Ind AS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

The  Group  discontinues the use of the equity method of accounting from the date on which it no longer has significant  influence  over  the  associate  or  when  the interest becomes classified as an asset held for sale.

When  the  Group  retains  an  interest  in  the  former associate and the retained interest is a financial asset, the Group measures the retained interest at fair value at  that  date  and  the  fair  value  is  regarded  as  its  fair value  on  initial  recognition  in  accordance  with  Ind AS  109.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount of  the  associate  at  the  date  the  equity  method  was discontinued, and the fair value of any retained interest and any proceeds from disposing of a part interest in the associate is included in the determination of the gain or loss on disposal of the associate . In addition, the Group accounts for all amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to that associate on the same basis as would be required if that associate had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. Therefore,  if  a  gain  or  loss  previously  recognised  in other  comprehensive income by that associate would be reclassified to consolidated statement of profit and loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities, the  Group  reclassifies  the  gain  or  loss  from  equity  to profit or loss (as a reclassification adjustment) when the equity method is discontinued.

When  the  group  entity  transacts  with  an  associate of  the  Group,  the  profit  and  losses  resulting  from  the transactions with the associate are recognised in the Group's  consolidated  financial  statements  only  to  the extent of interests in the associate that are not related to the Group.

## 3.23 Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the net profit after tax by the weighted average number of equity  shares  outstanding  during  the  period.  Diluted earnings  per  share  is  computed  by  dividing  the  profit after  tax  by  the  weighted  average  number  of  equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that  could  have  been  issued  upon  conversion  of  all dilutive potential equity shares.

Further,  the  Basic  and  Diluted  earnings  per  share attributable  to  the  equity  shareholders  of  the  Holding Company are presented separately for continuing and discontinuing operations for the year.

## 3.24 Impairment of Assets

At  the  end  of  each  balance  sheet  date,  the  Group assesses  whether  there  is  any  indication  that  any

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Property,  plant  and  equipment  and  intangible  assets with finite lives may be impaired. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to determine the extent of the impairment, if any. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current  market  assessments  of  the  time  value  of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the recoverable amount of an asset (or cashgenerating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in consolidated statement of profit and loss.

## 3.25   Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

Provisions are recognised when  the  Group  has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to  settle  the present obligation  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its  carrying  amount is  the  present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

Contingent  assets  are  disclosed  in  the  consolidated financial statements by way of notes to accounts when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

Contingent liabilities are disclosed in the consolidated financial  statements  by  way  of  notes  to  accounts, unless possibility of an outflow of resources embodying economic benefit is remote.

## 3.26 Non-Current assets classified as held for sale

Non-current assets  (including disposal groups)  are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than  through  continuing  use  and  a  sale  is  considered highly probable.

Non-current assets  classified  as  held  for sale are measured  at  lower  of  their  carrying  amount  and  fair value less cost to sell. Non-current assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised from the date when they are classified as held for sale.

Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets  and  liabilities  of  a  disposal  group  classified  as held  for  sale  are  presented  separately  from  the  other assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet.

A  discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed off or is classified as held for sale and:

- represents  a  separate  major  line  of  business  or geographical area of operations and;
- is  part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations.

The  results  of  discontinued  operations  are  presented separately in the Consolidated Statement of Profit and Loss.

## 3.27  Operating Segment

Operating  segments  reflect  the  Group's  management structure  and  the  way  the  financial  information  is regularly reviewed by the Group's Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM). The CODM  considers the business from both business and product perspective based  on  the  dominant  source,  nature  of  risks  and returns and the internal organisation and management structure.

Ind  AS  108  operating  segment  requires  Management to determine the reportable segments for the purpose of  disclosure  in  financial  statements  based  on  the internal  reporting  reviewed  by  the  CODM  to  assess performance and allocate resource. The standard also required Management to make judgments with respect to  recognition  of  segments.  Accordingly,  the  Group recognizes  Generation  of  Power  through  Renewable Sources as its sole segment.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 3.28 Operating Cycle

All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Group's normal operating cycle and other criteria set out in Notes to these consolidated financial statements. Based on the nature of products and  services  and  the  time  between  the  acquisition of  assets  for  processing  and  their  realisation  in  cash and  cash  equivalents,  the  Group  has  ascertained  its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose of current and non-current classification of assets and liabilities.

## 4. Critical accounting assumptions

The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in  conformity  with  Ind  AS  requires  management  to make  judgements,  estimates  and  assumptions,  that affect  the  application  of  accounting  policies  and  the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial  Statements  and  the  reported  amounts  of revenue and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  to  accounting  estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

In particular, information about significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgments in  applying  accounting  policies  that  have  the  most significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognized  in  the Consolidated Financial Statements pertain to:

## 4.1 Useful  lives  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and intangible assets

The  Group  has  estimated  useful  life  of  each  class  of assets  based  on  the  nature  of  assets,  the  estimated usage of the asset, the operating condition of the asset, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes, etc. The Group reviews the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets at the end of each reporting period. This reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in future periods.

Depreciation on property, plant and equipment  is provided pro-rata for the periods of use on the straight line  method  (SLM)  on  the  basis  of  useful  life  of  the property, plant and equipment mandated by Part C of Schedule II of the Companies Act, 2013 or the useful life determined by the Group based on technical evaluation, whichever is lower, taking into account the nature of the asset, the estimated usage of the asset, the operating conditions  of  the  asset,  past  history  of  replacement, maintenance support, as per details given below:

| Description  Useful life  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment-  Wind  energy generators  22 - 27 years  Buildings  30 years  Roads and civil structures  4 years  Furniture and Fixtures  10 years  Vehicles  10 years  Office Equipment  5 years  Computers  3 years  Intangible assets - Software  3 years  Intangible assets - Technical know how  10 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.2 Impairment  of  tangible  and  intangible  assets  other than goodwill

Property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are tested for impairment when events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is less than its carrying value. The  recoverable  amount  of  cash  generating  units  is higher  of  value-in-use  and  fair  value  less  cost  to  sell. The  calculation  involves  use  of  significant  estimates and assumptions which includes turnover and earnings multiples, growth rates and net margins used to calculate  projected  future  cash  flows,  risk-adjusted discount rate, future economic and market conditions.

In  assessing  value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

At  each  Balance  Sheet  date,  consideration is given to determine whether there is any indication of impairment of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  assets.  If  any indication  exists,  estimation  is  made  for  the  asset's recoverable  amount,  which  is  the  greater  of  the  net selling price and the value in use. An impairment loss, if any, is recognized whenever the carrying amount of an

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

asset exceeds the recoverable amount.

Impairment losses of continuing operations, including impairment on inventories, if any, are recognized in the consolidated statement of profit and loss.

## 4.3 Provision against investments / Loans and Advances to Associate

The  management  taking  into  account  the  present operations  of  the  Company  proposed  restructuring, future business prospects etc. makes provision towards impairment on the carrying value of investments in the Associate and loans and advances given to them.

## 4.4 Application  of  interpretation  for  Service  Concession Arrangements (SCA)

Management has assessed applicability of Appendix A of Indian Accounting Standards 11: Service Concession Arrangements for the power purchase agreement which  the  Group  has  entered  into.  In  assessing  the applicability  of  SCA,  the  management  has  exercised significant  judgement  in  relation  to  the  underlying ownership of the assets, the attached risks and rewards  of  ownership,  residual  interest  and  the  fact that secondary lease periods are not at nominal lease rentals etc. in concluding that the arrangements don't meet the criteria for recognition as service concession arrangements.

## 4.5 Determining whether an arrangement contain leases and classification of leases

The Group enters into service / hiring arrangements for various  assets  /  services.  The  determination  of  lease and classification  of  the  service  /  hiring  arrangement as  a  finance  lease  or  operating  lease  is  based  on  an assessment of several factors, including, but not limited to,  transfer  of  ownership  of  leased  asset  at  end  of lease term, lessee's option to purchase and estimated certainty of exercise of such option, proportion of lease term to the asset's economic life, proportion of present value of minimum lease payments to fair value of leased asset  and  extent  of  specialized  nature  of  the  leased asset.

## 4.6 Employee Benefits - Defined benefit obligation (DBO)

Management's  estimate  of  the  DBO  is  based  on  a number of critical underlying assumptions such as  standard  rates  of  inflation,  medical  cost  trends, mortality, discount  rate  and  anticipation  of future salary  increases.  Variation  in  these  assumptions  may significantly  impact  the  DBO  amount  and  the  annual defined benefit expenses.

## 4.7 Events after the reporting period

Adjusting events are events that provide further evidence  of  conditions  that  existed  at  the  end  of  the reporting period. The financial statements are adjusted for such events before authorization for issue.

Non-adjusting  events  are  events  that  are  indicative of conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period.  Non-adjusting  events  after  the  reporting  date are not accounted, but disclosed if material.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Tangible Assets  Intangible Assets  Owned  Right of Use Assets  Total  Property,  plant and  equipment  (5a)  Software  Technical  knowhow  Total  Intangible  Assets  (5b)  Land -  Freehold  Buildings  Roads  and Civil  Structures  Plant and  Equipment  Furniture  and  Fixtures  Vehicles  Office  equipments  Computers  Lease  hold Land  Buildings  Gross Carrying Amount As at 31  March, 2021  16,695  44  -  2,07,235  23  26  26  51  5,826  177  2,30,103  15  1,014  1,029  Additions  92  -  -  7  7  1  10  4  150  -  271  -  -  -  Less: Other adjustments ( Refer  note- 45.b)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (212)  -  (212)  -  -  -  Add/less: Effect of foreign currency  translation from functional  currency to reporting currency  -  -  -  (139)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (139)  -  9  9  Less: Assets included in a disposal  group classified as held for sale  (500)  -  -  (2,286)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,786)  -  -  -  Less:Disposals/transfers  (114)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (114)  -  -  -  Gross Carrying Amount As at 31  March, 2022  16,173  44  -  2,04,817  30  27  36  55  5,764  177  2,27,123  15  1,023  1,038  Additions  42  -  94  -  -  22  -  4  195  -  357  2  -  2  Less: Other adjustments ( Refer  note- 45.b)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (367)  -  (367)  -  -  -  Add/less: Effect of foreign currency  translation from functional  currency to reporting currency  -  -  -  675  -  -  -  -  -  -  675  -  -  -  Less: Assets included in a disposal  group classified as held for sale  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Less:Disposals/transfers  (37)  -  -  -  -  -  (3)  (6)  -  -  (46)  -  -  -  Gross Carrying Amount as at 31  March, 2023  16,178  44  94  2,05,492  30  49  33  53  5,592  177  2,27,742  17  1,023  1,040  Accumulated Depreciation/  Amortization  Balance as at 31 March,2021  -  11  -  66,999  22  17  24  45  556  3  67,677  9  853  862  Depreciation/ Amortisation charge  during the year  -  2  -  8,385  -  2  3  8  289  20  8,709  3  150  153  Less: Disposals/Transfers  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Less: Assets included in a disposal  group classified as held for sale  -  -  -  (2,169)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,169)  -  -  -  Add/less: Effect of foreign currency  translation from functional  currency to reporting currency  -  -  -  (54)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (54)  -  8  8  Balance as at 31 March,2022  -  13  -  73,161  22  19  27  53  845  23  74,163  12  1,011  1,023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Tangible Assets  Intangible Assets  Owned  Right of Use Assets  Total  Property,  plant and  equipment  (5a)  Software  Technical  knowhow  Total  Intangible  Assets  (5b)  Land -  Freehold  Buildings  Roads  and Civil  Structures  Plant and  Equipment  Furniture  and  Fixtures  Vehicles  Office  equipments  Computers  Lease  hold Land  Buildings  Depreciation/ Amortization charge  during the year  -  2  6  7,958  1  3  3  5  281  20  8,279  4  12  16  Less: Disposals/Transfers  -  -  -  -  -  -  (3)  (6)  -  -  (9)  -  -  -  Add/less: Effect of foreign currency  translation from functional  currency to reporting currency  -  -  -  278  -  -  -  -  -  -  278  -  -  -  Balance as at 31 March,2023  -  15  6  81,397  23  22  27  52  1,126  43  82,711  16  1,023  1,039  Net Carrying Amount As at 31  March, 2022  16,173  31  -  1,31,656  8  8  9  2  4,919  154  1,52,960  3  12  15  Net Carrying Amount as at 31  March, 2023  16,178  29  88  1,24,095  7  27  6  1  4,466  134  1,45,031  1  -  1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes

5 .1 All the above assets, other than the right of use assets are owned by the Group.

5.2 Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment for the year comprises of the following:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Depreciation / Amortization on  (i)  Continuing Operations  - Property, Plant and Equipment  7,978  8,400  - Right of Use Assets  301  309  - Intangible Assets  16  153  Total  8,295  8,862   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

5.3 During the year, the group tested the Plant and Equipment of  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited (subsidiary) and Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited(step down subsidiary)  for impairment.  Such testing conducted by an independent technical expert and approved by the management did not result in any impairment losses. The plant and equipment of these  two companies contribute to 91% of total net carrying amount of  plant and equipment as at

March 31, 2023.

Also, refer Note 18.4.

5.4

5.5 There are no proceedings initiated or pending against the Group for holding any benami property held under the Prohibition of Benami Property

Transactions Act, 1988

5.6 There are no revaluations to the PPE/intangible assets of the Group during the year/previous year.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 6 : Capital Work in Progress

| Particulars  As at 31 March,  2023  As at 31 March,  2022  Plant and machinery  449  -  Civil works  55  -  Total  504  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital Work in Progress ageing as at March 31, 2023

| Particulars  Amount in Capital Work in Progress for a period of  Total  Less than 1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than 3 years  Projects in progress  504  -  -  -  504  Projects temporarily suspended  -  -  -  -  -  Total  504  -  -  -  504   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- a. Details of project that were not completed and over due as at balance sheet date: Nil
- b. Details of projects exceeding cost compared to original plan- Nil.
- c. During the year, the group initiated certain capital works in few identified windmills by replacing the existing components with the state of the art technology. This is expected to improve the generation capacity in these wind mills.

## Note 7 : Non current investments

| Particulars  As at 31 March, 2023  As at 31 March, 2022  No. of shares  Amount  No. of shares  Amount  Measured at Cost  Unquoted investments (fully paid)  - Investment in equity instruments of Associate  -  -  7,20,000  724  - Less: Impairment in value of Investments  -  -  -  (724)  Total  -  -  7,20,000  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Refer note 51(a)

## Note 8 : Loans-Non current

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March 2022  (a)  Loans Receivables considered good - Secured  -  -  (b)  Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  -  -  (c)  Loans Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -  -  (d)  Loans Receivables - credit impaired  6,676  6,603  Less: Impairment Allowance  (6,676)  (6,603)  Total  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: No loans or advances which are in the nature of loans have been granted by company/subsidiaries to promoters, directors and  KMPs (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with any other person.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 9 : Other Financial Assets - Non current

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March 2022  (a)  Security Deposits  219  176  Total  219  176   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 10 : Non current Tax Assets

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March 2022  (a)  Advance Income Tax (Net of Provisions)  116  372  Total  116  372   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11 : Other Non Current Assets

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March 2022  (a)  Capital Advances (Refer Note 11.1)  383  6,511  Less: Allowance for credit losses  -  (2,256)  Net Advances  383  4,255  (b)  Others  201  212  Total  584  4,467   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

11.1 Considering the regulatory developments in Andhra Pradesh during the year FY 2019-20, the group (through M/s. Beta Wind Farm Private Limited, one of the subsidiaries) could not proceed with Phase III power project. The capital advances issued in this regard could not be recovered from the vendor owing to their financial position. These advances are supported by a comfort letter issued by M/s. SVL Limited. The net advances receivable by the group is Rs. 4,000 lakhs. Out of the same, Rs.  1,150  lakhs  were  recovered  during  the  year  and  the  remaining  dues  are  expected  to  be  recovered  within  one  year. Considering the expected credit losses recognized, this arrangement does not result in any further impairment to the group.

These receivables are classified under other financial assets current as at March 31, 2023

Note 12 : Inventories (At lower of cost and net realizable value)

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March 2022  (a)  Stores &amp; Spares  440  147  (b)  Consumables  15  15  Total  455  162   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes :

## 12.1 Cost of Inventories

| Particulars  Continuing Operations  Discontinued Operations  For the year ended  For the year ended  31-Mar-23  31-Mar-22  31-Mar-23  31-Mar-22  Cost of Stores, Spares and consumables  508  374  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

12.2 Mode of valuation of inventories has been stated in Note 3.6.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 13 : Current Investments

| Particulars  As at 31 March, 2023  As at 31 March, 2022  Units/  Shares  Amount  Units/  Shares  Amount  Measured at Fair value through Profit and loss - Investment in Mutual funds  UTI Money Market Fund - Direct Growth Plan  109  3  -  -  Total  109  3  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 14 : Trade Receivables (Current)

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Trade Receivables considered good - Secured  -  -  (b)  Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured  10,867  16,097  (c)  Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -  -  (d)  Trade Receivables - credit impaired  1,080  994  Less: Allowances for credit losses  (1,080)  (994)  B. Unbilled Revenue  410  435  Total  11,277  16,532   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

14.1. The average credit period for trade receivables is 30 days.

14.2. Ageing  of receivables -2023.

| Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment  Total  Not due  Less  than 6  months  6 months  - 1 year  1-2 years  2-3  years  more  than 3  years  • Undisputed trade receivables - considered good  2,900  1,127  549  4,079  1,371  134  10,160  •   Undisputed trade receivables - which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  • Undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  243  243  •   Disputed trade receivables - considered good  -  -  -  -  -  707  707  •   Disputed trade receivables - which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  • Disputed trade receivables - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  71  766  837  2,900  1,127  549  4,079  1,442  1,850  11,947  Less: Allowance for doubtful trade receivables -  billed  (1,080)  Trade Receivables billed - (Net)  10,867  Trade receivables - unbilled  410  Total  11,277   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

14.3. Ageing  of receivables -2022

| Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment  Total  Not due  Less  than 6  months  6 months  - 1 year  1-2 years  2-3  years  more  than 3  years  • Undisputed trade receivables - considered good  4,653  1,448  3,423  194  243  546  10,507  •   Undisputed trade receivables - which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  • Undisputed trade receivables - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  • Disputed trade receivables - considered good  -  212  1,208  1,388  1,501  1,856  6,165  •   Disputed trade receivables - which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  • Disputed trade receivables - credit impaired  -  -  -  -  55  364  419  4,653  1,660  4,631  1,582  1,799  2,766  17,091  Less:  Allowance  for  doubtful  trade  receivables  -  billed  (994)  Trade Receivables billed - (Net)  16,097  Trade receivables - unbilled  435  Total  16,532   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

14.4. Movement in the allowance for receivables

| Particulars  2022-23  2021-22  Balance at beginning of the year  (994)  (1,891)  Add: Provision made during the year  (484)  (187)  Less: Provision reversed during the year  357  -  Add: Other adjustments/transfers  41  1,084  Balance at end of the year  (1,080)  (994)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 14.5.   Major  customers,  being  government  undertakings  and  private  companies  having  highest  credit  ratings,  carry  negligible credit risk. Concentration of credit risk to any private counterparty is periodically reviewed by the management. Also refer note- 43(a)(IX)
- 14.6    There are no debts due from the directors or other officers of the Company/subsidiaries or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person or debts due from firms including Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs), private companies, respectively, in which any director or other officer is a partner or a director or a member.
- 14.7    In the year 2012, APERC determined the interim tariff of Rs.1.69 per unit for the wind projects that completed 10 years of commercial operations. Upon representations from the industry, the final tariff for the said projects was fixed at Rs.3.37 per unit. However, AP Discom (the customer) denied the revised tariff claim made by one of the subsidiary companies M/s. Bharath Wind Farm Limited(BWFL). The Andhra Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC) in the year 2019, confirmed the applicability of the rate of Rs.3.37 per unit. The APERC in its order dated September 22, 2021 directed AP Discom to pay the dues in six equal monthly instalments and the first instalment has been received in October 2021. AP Discom has challenged the aforesaid order before Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (APTEL) and the same is pending. However, considering the merits of the case, the management believes that a reasonable certainty exists for recovery of the claim and accordingly the income towards the differential claim of Rs. 2,441 lakhs has been recognized under exceptional items during the previous year and the group recovered Rs.1,769 lakhs till March 31, 2023.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 15 A : Cash and cash equivalents

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Cash and Bank Balances  (a)  Cash on hand  -  -  (b)  Balances with banks  (i)  In current accounts  580  248  (ii)  In foreign currency accounts  521  581  Total  1,101  829   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 15 B : Bank Balances other than 15A above

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Other Bank Balances  (i)  In deposit accounts  -  -  (ii)  In earmarked accounts  123  463  Total  123  463  Total (A+B)  1,224  1,292   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 16 : Other Financial Assets (Current)

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Security Deposits  - Unsecured and considered good  667  667  (b)  REC Receivable (refer note 16.1 below)  3,349  2,436  Less: Allowances for credit losses  (497)  (373)  Net Receivable  2,852  2,063  (c) Advances for recovery (Refer Note 11.1)  2,829  -  (d) Other Receivables (Refer Note - 16.2 below)  157  1  (e) GBI Income Receivable  65  219  Total  6,570  2,950   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- 16.1.    Considering the stay granted by the Supreme Court of India on the order issued by Central Electricity Regulatory Commission ('CERC') on reduction of floor price, and based on the legal opinion obtained, the Group is confident of favourable decision on the appeal with Hon'ble Supreme Court against the APTEL (Appellate Tribunal for Electricity at New Delhi) order and realization of difference of Rs. 500/ REC aggregating to Rs. 2,071 lakhs in respect of the receivables as on 31st March 2017. Nevertheless, for the delay in recovering the said amounts, the group made provision of Rs. 497 lakhs for expected credit losses till March 31, 2023.

The  Central  Energy  Regulatory  Commission  (CERC)  in  its  order  dated  June  17,  2020  determining  forbearance  and  floor price for the Renewable Energy Certificates(RECs), revised the floor price and forbearance prices of Non Solar RECs as Nil and Rs.1,000/- respectively.  Considering the same,  the group conservatively accrued the RECs at Rs 1/certificate for FY 2020-21. However the said CERC order was set aside by Appellate Tribunal for Electricity (APTEL) during the previous year.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Consequently the trading of RECs resumed with a floor price of Rs.1,000/REC. Accordingly, the group realized revenue of Rs.4,805 lakhs during the previous year.

- 16.2    During  the  year,  the  company  received  Eur  130,000  as  interest  of  loan  from  one  of  its  subsidiaries  Orient  Green  Power (Europe) B.V. However the funds were credited to the Company's account subsequent to balance sheet date . Accordingly, its equivalent Indian rupee amount is classified as other receivables as at balance sheet date.

## Note 17 : Other Current Assets

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Prepaid Expenses (Refer Note 17.1)  331  314  (b)  Advance for Expenses  226  741  (c)  Balance with GST &amp; other state authorities  158  130  (d)  Others  17  20  Total  732  1,205   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

17.1 Prepaid  expenses include Rs.38Lakhs incurred towards rights issue preparatory work. These amounts shall be adjusted against securities premium upon completion of the issue (also refer note-50)

## Note 18 : Assets classified as held for sale

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Land  298  461  (b)  Building  304  304  (c)  Plant &amp; Equipment  1,363  1,436  (d)  Other Assets  2,807  3,026  Less: Provision made considering the realizable value  (3,555)  (3,530)  Total  1,217  1,697   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- 18.1 The Group intends to dispose land acquired for development of Energy plantation. Considering the market value, impairment has been recognized as and when the situation warrants. Accordingly, an impairment of Rs.25 lakhs (previous year -  Rs. 60 lakhs) has been recognized during the year.  The Group  is in negotiation with some potential buyers and expects that the fair value less costs to sell the land will be higher than the net carrying value.
- 18.2  Refer note 39 on discontinued operations.
- 18.3    One of the Company's subsidiaries viz. Amrit Environmental Technologies Private Limited has been shut down. During the financial year 2015-16,  the Board of Directors of the respective subsidiaries decided to sell the assets and wind down the business. Accordingly, fair value has been calculated and impairment loss has been recognized in the books for the difference between fair value and the carrying value. The Management expects that the net carrying value would be higher than the fair value less  costs to sell. During the year ended March 31, 2019, the group disposed 26% of shares in this subsidiary. Also refer note 39.1 on discontinued operations.
- 18.4    During the year windmills aggregating to 10.5 MW and certain land parcels were disposed. These windmills have completed 25 years of useful life since commissioning. In the view of the management, the cost of future maintenance outweighs the projected revenue generated from these windmills. This disposal resulted in a net profit of Rs. 2,227 Lakhs. During the previous year, the group identified certain land parcels and classified them as assets held for sale. Out of the same
- certain land parcels were disposed  and the resultant profit of Rs.300 lakhs is disclosed as an exceptional item.
- 18.5  The liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale have been identified by the management under Note 30.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 19 :  Share Capital

| Particulars  As at 31 March, 2023  As at 31 March, 2022  Number of  Shares  Amount  Rs. In Lakhs  Number of  Shares  Amount  Rs. In Lakhs  (a)  Authorised (Refer note 19.8)  Equity shares of Rs. 10 each with voting rights  1,30,00,00,000  1,30,000  80,00,00,000  80,000  Preference shares of Rs. 10 each  30,00,00,000  30,000  -  -  (b)  Issued  Equity shares of Rs. 10 each with voting rights  75,07,23,977  75,072  75,07,23,977  75,072  (c)  Subscribed and fully paid up  Equity shares of Rs.10 each with voting rights  75,07,23,977  75,072  75,07,23,977  75,072  Total  75,07,23,977  75,072  75,07,23,977  75,072   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

## 19.1 Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period:

| Particulars  Opening  Balance  Fresh issue  Closing  Balance  Equity shares with voting rights  Year ended 31 March, 2023  - Number of shares  75,07,23,977  -  75,07,23,977  - Amount (Rs. In lakhs)  75,072  -  75,072  Year ended 31 March, 2022  - Number of shares  75,07,23,977  -  75,07,23,977  - Amount (Rs. In lakhs)  75,072  -  75,072   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19.2 Terms and Rights attached to equity shares

- i. The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 each. Each shareholder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.
- ii. In  the  event of liquidation, the equity shareholders will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to shareholding.

## 19.3 Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares:

| Class of shares / Name of shareholder  As at 31 March, 2023  As at 31 March, 2022  Number of  shares held  % holding in that  class of shares  Number of  shares held  % holding in that  class of shares  Equity shares with voting rights  (a)  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  24,38,08,809  32.4765%  25,88,08,809  34.4746%  (Refer note-19.7 below)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 19.4 Disclosure of shareholding of promoters

Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2023

| Particulars  Shares held by promoters  % change  during the year  As at March 31, 2023  As at March 31, 2022  No. of shares  % of total  shares  No. of shares  % of total  shares  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  24,38,08,809  32.4765%  25,88,08,809  34.4746%  -1.99%  Nivedana Power Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  Syandana Energy Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SVL Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SEPC Limited  3,86,526  0.0515%  3,86,526  0.0515%  0.00%  Total  24,42,10,335  32.5301%  25,92,10,335  34.5282%  -1.99%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Shares held by promoters  % change  during the year  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  No. of shares  % of total  shares  No. of shares  % of total  shares  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  25,88,08,809  34.4746%  36,54,11,114  48.6745%  -14.20%  Nivedana Power Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  Syandana Energy Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SVL Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SEPC Limited  3,86,526  0.0515%  3,86,526  0.0515%  0.00%  Total  25,92,10,335  34.5282%  36,58,12,640  48.7281%  -14.20%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 19.5    Aggregate Number and Class of Shares-  allotted as Fully paid up Bonus shares (or) issued for consideration other than cash (or) shares bought back for the Period of 5 Years Immediately Preceding the Balance Sheet Date - Nil.
- 19.6    Shares reserved for issue under options and contracts or commitments for the sale of shares or disinvestment, including the terms and amounts - Nil.
- 19.7    During the year, one of our promoters, M/s. Janati Bio Power Private Limited (JBPL),  informed the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 31 of the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011 that 15,000,000 Equity Shares of the Company has been invoked by M/s. Axis Trustee Services limited out of 40,000,000 Shares pledged for a loan taken by one of the associates of JBPL, not being the company or its subsidiaries. Subsequent to this invocation, the holding of M/s. Janati Bio Power Private Limited in the company is 32.4746%.
- 19.8    During the year, the company increased the share capital from Rs.80,000Lakhs (divided into 800,000,000 equity shares of Rs.10 each) to Rs. 1,60,000 Lakhs consisting Rs. 1,30,000 Lakhs (divided into  1,300,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each) and Rs.30,000 Lakhs (divided into 300,000,000 preference shares of Rs. 10 each).
- 19.9  Also refer note-50

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 20 :  Other Equity

## (i) Reserves and Surplus

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Capital Reserve on Consolidation  Opening balance  12,455  12,455  Less : Reduction on account of disposal of subsidiaries  -  -  Closing balance  12,455  12,455  (b) Securities premium account  Opening balance  80,203  80,203  Add : Premium on issue of shares  -  -  Closing balance  80,203  80,203  (c)  Surplus / (Deficit) in Statement of Profit and Loss  Opening balance  (1,19,488)  (1,22,910)  Add: Profit/(Loss) for the year  3,259  3,498  Less: Impact of derecognition of subsidiaries consequent to loss of control  -  (76)  Closing balance  (1,16,229)  (1,19,488)  Total (A)  (23,571)  (26,830)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Other Components of Equity

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Remeasurement of net defined benefit obligation  Opening Balance  14  10  Add: Additions during the year  -  4  Less: Reductions during the year  (120)  -  Closing Balance  (106)  14  (b) Foreign Currency Reserve account  Opening balance  690  790  Add : Additions during the year  277  -  Less : Utilised during the year  -  (100)  Closing balance  967  690  Total (B)  861  704  Total Other Equity (A+B)  (22,710)  (26,126)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

Capital Reserve on consolidation: If the value of investment in subsidiary is less than the book value of the net assets acquired, the difference represents Capital Reserve.

Surplus / (Deficit) in the Statement of Profit and Loss: This comprise of the undistributed profit/(loss) after taxes.

Securities  Premium  account: The  amount  received  in  excess  of  face  value  of  the  equity  shares  is  recognised  in  securities premium reserve. The reserve is utilised in accordance with the provision of the Companies Act, 2013.

Foreign Currency Translation Reserve: Foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Note 21 : Non Current borrowings

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Term loans - Secured  From Banks (Refer Note 21.1 A)  63,460  72,927  From Financial Institutions - (Refer Note 21.1 B)  3,233  4,823  Less: Unamortized processing fee on above borrowings  (269)  (105)  (b) Loans taken from others, unsecured  (Refer Note 21.2)  28,443  31,315  Total  94,867  1,08,960   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

## 21.1 Details of the secured long-term borrowings from Banks and Financial Institutions:

| Description  Total Amount outstanding  Amounts due within one year  classified as Current borrowings  (Refer Note 25)  Amount disclosed as Non  Current  Borrowings  (Refer Note 21)  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  From Banks  (A)  71,892  81,761  8,432  8,834  63,460  72,927  From Financial Institutions  (B)  IL &amp; FS Financial Services Limited  716  770  78  56  638  714  SREI Equipment Finance Limited  4,108  5,462  1,513  1,353  2,595  4,109  Sub- Total (B)  4,824  6,232  1,591  1,409  3,233  4,823  Total loans from Banks and Financial  Institutions (A+B)  76,716  87,993  10,023  10,243  66,693  77,750   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21.2  Details of the unsecured long-term borrowings from Others:

| Description  Total Amount outstanding  Amounts due within one year  classified as Liabilities Current  (Refer Note 25)  Amount disclosed as Non  Current  Borrowings  (Refer Note 21)  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  From Others  (C)  SVL Limited (Refer note 44.3)  9,593  29,015  -  -  9,593  29,015  Janati Bio Power Private Limited (Refer  note 44.3)  18,350  -  -  -  18,350  -  Vayuvarivartha Manufacturing Private  Limited  500  -  -  -  500  -  Vahith Information Technologies  Private Limited  -  2,300  -  -  -  2,300  Total - Loans from Others (C)  28,443  31,315  -  -  28,443  31,315  Total Borrowings (A+B+C)  1,05,159  1,19,308  10,023  10,243  95,136  1,09,065   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 21.3  Details of Security and Terms of Repayment/Interest

The term loans obtained by the group are secured by assets identified in the loan agreements entered into by the group which are in the nature of immoveable property where the wind energy generators are located, trade receivables, inventory and other assets related to the group. In the case of certain borrowings where the terms stipulate, Corporate Guarantees have been given by some of the group companies. The above loans are repayable over a period stipulated in the respective agreements. The interest rates ranging between 7.34% to 15.75% in respect of the above loans are in accordance with the terms of the respective loan agreements.

## 21.4  Details of Defaults repayment of long term borrowings

There were no delays in the repayments of principal and interest amounts in respect of borrowings from Banks/Financial Institutions by the Group.

- 21.5 Refer Note:49 on subsequent events
- 21.6 The Company and its subsidiaries are not declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.
- 21.7 The company and its subsidiaries registered charges/ satisfaction of charges, wherever applicable within stipulated time with the Registrar of Companies.

## Note 22 : Lease Liabilities-Non Current

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  a.  Lease Liabilities (refer note - 45)  1,939  1,991  Total  1,939  1,991   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 23 : Provisions- Non Current

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Provision for employee benefits:  (i)  Provision for compensated absences  71  64  (ii)  Provision for gratuity  55  -  Total  126  64   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 24 : Deferred Tax Liability (Net)

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Deferred Tax Liabilities  23,023  22,184  Less: Deferred Tax Assets (Refer Note 24.1)  (23,023)  (22,184)  Net deferred tax liability / (Asset)  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

- 24.1 In  accordance  with  the  accounting  policy  adopted  by  the  group,  the  Deferred  tax  asset  mainly  arising  on  unabsorbed business losses/ depreciation has not been recognised in these financial statements in the absence of reasonable certainty supported by appropriate evidence regarding availability of future taxable income against which such deferred tax assets can be realised.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 25 : Current Borrowings

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (i)  Secured - From Banks (Refer Note 25.1)  2,200  2,194  (ii)  Current maturities of long-term debt (Refer Note 21.1 and 21.2)  10,023  10,243  (iii)  Interest payable  (a)  Interest accrued and due on Long term borrowings  -  -  (b)  Interest accrued and not due on Long term borrowings  36  56  (c)  Interest accrued and not due on Short term borrowings  -  6  Total  12,259  12,499   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

## 25.1 Details of terms of repayment and security provided in respect of the secured Short term borrowings:

The short term borrowings obtained by the group are secured by assets identified in the loan agreements entered into by the group which are in the nature of immovable property where the wind mills are located, trade receivables, inventory and other financial assets relating to group. In the case of certain borrowings where the term stipulate, a Corporate Guarantee or a pledge of shares held in the entities have been given/ made by some of the group companies. The above loans are repayable over a period stipulated in the respective agreements. The interest rates rangning between 10.10% to 15.05% in the respect of the above loans are in accordance with the terms of the respective loan arrangements. The quarterly statements of current assets filed by the group with banks and financial institutions are in agreement with the books of accounts. (Also refer note 49, subsequent events).

## Note 26 :  Lease Liabilities- Current

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  a.  Lease Liabilities (refer note - 45)  30  370  Total  30  370   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 27 : Trade Payables

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Total outstanding dues of micro and small enterprises  4  -  (b)  Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro and small enterprises  1,227  1,872  Total  1,231  1,872   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade payables ageing schedule

## As at March 31, 2023

| Particulars  Outstanding for followind periods from due date of payment  Total  Not due  Less than 1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  more than 3  years  (i)  MSME  4  -  -  -  -  4  (ii)  Others  374  741  2  -  110  1,227  (iii)  Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (iv)  Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  378  741  2  -  110  1,231   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## As at March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Outstanding for followind periods from due date of payment  Total  Not due  Less than 1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  more than 3 years  (i)  MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (ii)  Others  559  381  1  1  930  1,872  (iii)  Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (iv)  Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  559  381  1  1  930  1,872   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The dues to MSME are paid within due date and accordingly no interest expense is required to be accrued on these dues.

Note 28 : Other current liabilities

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Statutory remittances  38  22  (b)  Advance from Customers  77  79  (c)  Capital advances  12  -  (c)  Others  14  151  Total  141  252   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 29 :  Provisions- Current

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Provision for employee benefits:  (i)  Provision for compensated absences  15  18  (ii)  Provision for gratuity  27  2  Total  42  20   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 30 :  Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (a)  Borrowings and interest payable thereon  4,201  3,975  (b)  Trade payables  530  545  (c)  Payable towards Plant &amp; Equipment (Refer note 30.2)  2,300  2,300  (d)  Others  50  2,253  Total  7,081  9,073   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

- 30.1    Trade payables include Rs.93 lakhs towards Energy plantation land acquired by the group and Rs. 437 lakhs pertaining to subsidiary classified as held for sale. Also refer note 18 on Assets classified as held for sale.
- 30.2 The amounts payable towards Plant &amp; Equipment belongs to assets of susbsidiary classified as held for sale.
- 30.3   This includes the advances received towards disposal of assets classified as held for sale. Also, refer note 18.4.

Note 31 :  Revenue from Operations

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Sale of power  23,903  25,709  (b)  Other operating revenues (Refer Note below)  1,928  5,354  Total  25,831  31,063   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Other Operating Revenues comprises:  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (i)  Renewable Energy Certificates  Income (Refer note- 16.1 &amp; 31(b))  1,503  4,805  (ii)  Generation Based Income  364  549  (iii)  others  61  -  Total  1,928  5,354   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31(a)   Disaggregation of revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the following major product lines and geographical regions

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  i.  Revenue from sale of Power  - India  22,126  23,735  - Others  1,777  1,974  ii.  Revenue from Other Operations  - India  1,928  5,354  - Others  -  -  Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers (i+ii)  25,831  31,063  Timing of Revenue Recognition  - At a point in Time  25,831  31,063  - Over period of Time  -  -  Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers  25,831  31,063   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

31(b)   During the year, One of the subsidiaries of the company, having 129.3 MW registered under REC scheme opted out of the scheme. Accordingly, the revenues are not as such comparable.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Note 32 : Other Income

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Interest income  (i)  Bank Deposits  182  19  (ii)  Others  13  8  (b)  Other non-operating income (net of expenses directly attributable to such  income)  (i)  Interest waiver received during the year (refer note below)  1,732  -  (ii)  Writeback of liabilities  1,049  67  (iii)  Miscellaneous Income*  157  324  (iv)  Net gains/(losses) on mutual fund investments designated at FVTPL  57  41  Total  3,190  459   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Miscellaneous income primarily includes income from sale of scrap, income from certain services provided.

Note: During the year, the group received interest waiver on certain loans for current and previous years. Accordingly, the group did not provide for interest expense for the year and wrote back the provisions made during the previous year.

Note 33 : Cost of Maintenance

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Windmill maintenance contract  4,621  4,754  (b)  Consumption of stores and spares  508  374  Total  5,129  5,128   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Cost of maintenance expense include the expense incurred for upkeep of windmills to ensure continuous generation and include such expenses incurred towards breakdown maintenance.

Note 34 : Employee benefits expense

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Salaries and wages  1,100  935  (b)  Contributions to provident fund and other funds  91  90  (c)  Gratuity expense  21  22  (d)  Staff welfare expenses  67  69  Total  1,279  1,116   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 35 : Finance Costs

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Interest expense on:  (i)  Term Loans  10,203  11,571  (ii)  Current Borrowings  171  226  (iii)  Lease liabilities  297  322  (b)  Other borrowing costs  153  42  Total  10,824  12,161   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 36 : Other expenses

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Fuel expenses  67  70  (b)  Rent  8  7  (c)  Repairs and maintenance - Others  38  42  (d)  Insurance  401  326  (e)  Rates and taxes  226  316  (f)  Communication  40  30  (g)  Travelling and conveyance  81  45  (h)  Hire Charges  38  22  (i)  Sitting Fees  12  10  (j)  Legal and professional charges  548  462  (k)  Payments to auditors (Refer Note 36.1)  51  52  (l)  Provision for doubtful trade receivables  645  704  (m)  Net (gain)/loss on foreign currency transactions and translation  (134)  41  (n)  Electricity Charges  37  21  (o)  Bank charges  5  7  (p)  Watch and Ward  133  130  (q)  Miscellaneous expenses  122  147  Total  2,318  2,432   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note: 36.1 Payments to the Auditors Comprises:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  As Statutory Auditors  51  52  Total  51  52   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 37 : Exceptional Items

| Note  Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  a.  Profit/(Loss) on sale of assets (Net) (Refer Note 18.4)  2,227  300  b.  Impairment (loss) on assets classified as held for sale (Refer Note 18.4)  32  (32)  c.  Differential Tariff claim ( Refer note 14.7)  -  2,441  d.  Gain/(Loss) on modification of Lease (Refer note 45(b))  287  123  e.  Structural strengthening expense for certain identified windmills  (152)  -  f.  Interest Expense  (60)  -  Total  2,334  2,832   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 38 : Contingent Liabilities and Commitments

| Note  Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  (i)  Contingent liabilities (Net of Provisions)  (a) Income Tax Demands against which the Group has gone on Appeal  311  227  (b) Service Tax Demands against which the Group has gone on Appeal  1,465  1,465  Note:  The  Group  expects  a  favourable  decision  with  respect  to  the  above  disputed  demands  /  claims  based on professional advice. Hence, no provision for the same has been made.  (c) Claims against the Company/subsidiary, not acknowledged as debt  305  241  (ii)  Commitments  402  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 39 Discontinued Operations

- 39.1    The Board of Directors of the Company, at their meeting held on Jan 24, 2018,  accorded its approval to sell the investments held in one of its subsidiaries, M/s. Amrit Environmental Technologies Private LImited (AETPL). Accordingly, during 2018 -  19,  the  company  transferred  26%  of  shares  in  AETPL  for  a  consideration  of  Rs.  247  lakhs.  The  Corresponding  Assets and liabilities of AETPL are classified as assets held for sale and liabilities associated with assets held for sale in these consolidated financial statements. The group has recognized impairment loss of Rs. 3,171 lakhs to bring down the carrying value of Property, Plant and Equipment to their net realizable value of Rs.950 lakhs, of which Rs.529 lakhs of impairment is recognized during the previous year.

Further,  during  2019-20, AETPL defaulted in repayment of a term loan of Rs. 3,900 lakhs which was availed from IL&amp;FS Financial Services Limited ('IL&amp;FS'), the default made in repayment amounts to Rs. 2,652 lakhs. Our Company extended a corporate guarantee to secure the term loan availed by AETPL. IL&amp;FS approached the National Company Law Tribunal against the Company for recovering these dues. At the request of the company, IL&amp;FS granted One Time Settlement(OTS) of Rs. 3,000 lakhs. Subsequently, IL&amp;FS and our Company filed a joint memo before National Company Law Tribunal, Chennai ('NCLT, Chennai') agreeing to a one-time settlement of Rs. 3,000 lakhs. The matter has been disposed off by NCLT, Chennai on October 18, 2022 and is pending  before National Company Law Tribunal, Mumbai for final approval.

Considering the OTS granted by the lender, the interest is accrued till September 30, 2022.

- 39.2    During  2019-20,  the  Group  decided  to  dispose  one  of  its  subsidiaries  viz.,  Statt  Orient  Energy  Private  Limited  (SOEL) domiciled in Srilanka. Accordingly, the assets have been stated at net realizable value. During the previous year, the company disinvested its entire shareholding in SOEL, this did not result in any impairment and the group recognized Rs. 51 lakhs of gain on derecognition of this subsidiary. However, the proceeds were credited to the overseas account during the year and the company is in the process of repatriating these proceeds.
- 39.3    The details of aforementioned discontinued business included in these consolidated financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 are given below:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Revenue from operations  -  -  Other Income  94  51  Total Income (I)  94  51  Expenses  Employee Benefits  -  -  Finance Costs  226  451  Depreciation and Amortisation  -  -  Other Expenses  20  81  Total expenses (II)  246  532  Loss before exceptional items and Tax (III = I-II)  (152)  (481)  Exceptional Items (IV)  -Impairement on assets classified as held for sale  25  596  Loss for the year from discontinuing activities (V = III - IV) (before tax)  (177)  (1,077)  Less: Tax expense  - on ordinary activities attributable to the discontinued operations  -  -  - on gain / (loss) on disposal of assets / settlement of liabilities  -  -  Loss from discontinued operations (after tax)  (177)  (1,077)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

(i) The details of carrying amount of assets and liabilities relating to identified discontinued operations are given below:

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Non -current assets  Property, plant and equipment  -  -  Intangible  assets  -  -  Financial assets  -  -  Other non current assets  -  -  Current Assets  Inventories  -  -  Financial assets  - Cash and cash equivalents  -  4  Other current assets  -  2  Assets classified as held for sale (Refer Note 18)  1,217  1,697  TOTAL ASSETS  1,217  1,703  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Financial liabilities  -  -  Provisions  -  -  Other non-current liabilities  -  -  Current liabilities  Financial liabilities  (i) Borrowings  -  -  (ii) Trade payables  15  57  Provisions  -  -  Other current liabilities  -  -  Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale (Refer note 30)  7,081  9,073  TOTAL LIABILITIES  7,096  9,130   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(ii)  The details of net cash flows attributable to the discontinued operations are given below:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Cash flows from Operating activities  71  (38)  Cash flows from Investing activities  51  -  Cash flows from Financing activities  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 40 Goodwill on Consolidation

The details of Goodwill on consolidation are given below:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Opening Balance  1,278  1,278  Add/(Less): Adjustments during the year  -  -  Closing Balance  1,278  1,278   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 41 Segment information

The primary reporting of the Group has been made on the basis of Business Segments. The Group has a single business segment as defined in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 108 on Segment Reporting, namely Generation of Power through Renewable Sources and related services. Accordingly, the amounts appearing in these Consolidated Financial Statements relate to this primary business segment.

## 42 Geographical information

| Particulars  Revenue from external customers  Capital Expenditure (including Right of  Use Asset)  Year ended  31-Mar-23  Year ended  31-Mar-22  Year ended  31-Mar-23  Year ended  31-Mar-22  India  24,054  29,089  359  271  Croatia (Europe)  1,777  1,974  -  -  Unallocated  -  -  -  -  25,831  31,063  359  271   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  Non-current assets  Year ended  31-Mar-23  Year ended  31-Mar-22  India  1,41,903  1,53,298  Croatia (Europe)  5,830  5,970  Unallocated  -  -  1,47,733  1,59,268   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 42.1  Information about major Customers

During the year 2 customers contributed 10% or more to the Group's revenue.(Previous year - 3 customers)

## Note 43(a) : Financial Instruments

## (I) Capital Management

The Group manages its capital to ensure that it is able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to the stakeholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Group consists of Debt and total Equity. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirement. In order to maintain  the capital structure  in consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the  basis of the following  gearing ratio.

## Gearing Ratio :

| Particulars  As at  31 March 2023  As at  31 March 2022  Debt $  1,07,126  1,21,459  Cash and Bank Balance (Refer Note 15)  (1,224)  (1,292)  Net Debt  1,05,902  1,20,167  Total Equity  51,495  48,005  Less: Goodwill on consolidation (Refer Note 40)  1,278  1,278  Adjusted Equity  50,217  46,727  Net Debt to equity ratio  211%  257%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

$ Debt refers to Long term borrowings including current maturities, Short term borrowings, interest accrued thereon on borrowings.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## (II) Categories of Financial Instruments

## (a) Financial Assets

| Particulars  As at  31 March 2023  As at  31 March 2022  Measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL)  - Investments in mutual funds  3  -  Measured at amortised cost  - Loans  -  -  - Security Deposits  886  843  - Trade receivables  11,277  16,532  - Cash and Bank balance  1,224  1,292  - Other financial assets  5,903  2,283   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Financial Liabilities :

| Particulars  As at  31 March 2023  As at  31 March 2022  Measured at amortised cost  - Borrowings  1,07,359  1,21,502  - Trade payables  1,231  1,872  - Other financial liabilities  2,005  2,423   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (III) Details of financial assets pledged as collateral

Carrying amount of financial assets as at 31 March, 2023 and 31 March, 2022 that the Group has provided as a collateral for obtaining borrowing and other facilities from the bankers are as follows:

| Particulars  As at  31 March 2023  As at  31 March 2022  Trade receivable  9,144  13,359  GBI Income receivable  65  219  Unbilled Revenue  257  288  Total  9,466  13,866   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (IV) Financial Risk Management Framework

The Group manages financial risk relating to the operations through internal risk reports which analyse exposure by degree and magnitude of risk. These risks include market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group seeks to minimise the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge the risk exposures. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Group's policies approved by the Audit Committee which provides written  principles  on  foreign  exchange  risk,  interest  rate  risk,  credit  risk,  the  use  of  financial  derivatives  and  non  derivative financial instruments and the investment in excess of liquidity. Compliance with policies and exposure limits is reviewed by the management on a continuous basis.

The Group does not enter into or trade in financial instruments including derivative financial instruments for speculative purpose.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## (V) Market Risk :

The Group's activities exposes it primarily to the financial risk of change in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Group enters into a derivative instruments to manage its exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk including forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge the exchange rate risk arising on account of borrowings ( including interest payable).

## (VI) Foreign Currency Risk Management :

The Group undertakes transactions denominated in foreign currencies consequently, exposures to exchange rate fluctuations arises. Exchange rate exposures are managed within approved policy parameters utilising forward foreign exchange contracts.

The carrying amounts of the Group's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of each reporting period are as follows :

| Particulars  As at  (In Lakhs)  Euro  INR  Trade Receivables  31-Mar-23  5  444  31-Mar-22  5  407  Trade Payables  31-Mar-23  1  45  31-Mar-22  -  8  Borrowings  31-Mar-23  5  447  31-Mar-22  15  1,259  Balances with Bank  31-Mar-23  5  464  31-Mar-22  7  581   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Of the above foreign currency exposures, the following exposures are not hedged:

| Particulars  As at  (In Lakhs)  Euro  INR  Trade Receivables  31-Mar-23  5  444  31-Mar-22  5  407  Trade Payables  31-Mar-23  1  45  31-Mar-22  -  8  Borrowings  31-Mar-23  5  447  31-Mar-22  15  1,259  Balances with Bank  31-Mar-23  5  464  31-Mar-22  7  581   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (VII) Interest rate risk management :

The Company is exposed to interest rate risk since it borrow funds at fixed and floating interest rates. The risk is managed by maintaining  an  appropriate  mix  between  fixed  and  floating  rate  borrowings,  and  by  the  use  of  interest  rate  swap  contracts. Hedging  activities  are  evaluated  regularly  to  align  with  interest  rate  views  and  defined  risk  appetite,  ensuring  the  most cost-effective hedging strategies are applied.

## (VIII) Foreign Currency sensitivity analysis :

The Group is mainly exposed to the currency of Europe.

As per management's assessment of reasonable possible changes in the exchange rate of +/- 5% between EUR-INR currency pair, sensitivity of profit or loss only on outstanding foreign currency denominated monetary items at the period end is presented below:

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  2022-2023  2021-2022  EURO sensitivity at year end  Trade Receivables  -Weakening of INR by 5%  24.80  20.19  -Strengthening of INR by 5%  (19.89)  (20.51)  Trade Payables  -Weakening of INR by 5%  (1.93)  (0.80)  -Strengthening of INR by 5%  2.54  (0.04)  Borrowings  -Weakening of INR by 5%  (22.19)  (62.90)  -Strengthening of INR by 5%  22.49  63.00  Balances with Banks  -Weakening of INR by 5%  5.19  29.14  -Strengthening of INR by 5%  (39.49)  (28.94)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes :

1. This is mainly attributable to the exposure of receivable and payable outstanding in the above mentioned currencies to the Group at the end of the reporting period.
2. In  Management's  opinion,  the  sensitivity  analysis  is  unrepresentative  of  the  inherent  foreign  exchange  risk  because  the exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during the year.

## (IX) Management of Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.

## Trade receivables:

Credit risk arising from trade receivables is managed in accordance with the Group's established policy, procedures and control relating  to  customer  credit  risk  management.  All  trade  receivables  are  reviewed  and  assessed  for  default  at  each  reporting period. The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on trade receivables for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, was Rs. 1080 lakhs and Rs. 994 lakhs respectively. Refer note 3.20 for accounting treatment for Trade receivable and note 14.3 for ageing and of Trade receivables and note 14.4 for reconciliation for allowance of credit loss on Trade receivables.

## Loans and other financial Assets:

Credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits is managed by only accepting highly rated banks and diversifying bank deposits. Risks relating to other financial assets measured at amortized cost including loans, its related interest receivables and other financial assets are managed by monitoring the recoverability of such amounts continuously, while at the same time internal control system in place ensure the amounts are within defined limits. The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on advances and other receivables for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, was Rs 497 lakhs and Rs 2,629 lakhs respectively.

The Group's maximum exposure to credit risk as at 31st March, 2023 and 31st March, 2022 is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.

## (X) Liquidity Risk Management :

Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors, which has established an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group's short-, medium- and long-term funding and liquidity management requirements. The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities and reserve

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

## Liquidity and Interest Risk Tables :

The  following  tables  detail  the  Group's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  non-derivative  financial  liabilities  with  agreed repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows.

| Particulars  Weighted  average  interest rate  Less than  1 month  1-3  months  3 months  to 1 year  1 to 5  years  5 years  and  above  TOTAL  %  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  31 March 2023  Non-interest bearing instruments  NA  2  1,941  6,681  32,833  9,890  51,347  Variable interest rate instruments  11.37%  -  2,346  9,875  69,115  26,021  1,07,357  Total  2  4,287  16,556  1,01,948  35,911  1,58,704  31 March 2022  Non-interest bearing instruments  NA  9  2,563  9,489  36,415  13,895  62,371  Variable interest rate instruments  10.70%  17  2,574  10,057  71,546  37,305  1,21,500  Total  26  5,137  19,546  1,07,961  51,200  1,83,871   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table details the Group's expected maturity for its non-derivative financial assets. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets including interest that will be earned on those assets. However,  the interest/return on these financial assets were not considered on a conservative basis. The inclusion of information on non-derivative  financial  assets  is  necessary  in  order  to  understand  the  Group's  liquidity  risk  management  as  the  liquidity  is managed on a net asset and liability basis.

| Particulars  Less than  1 month  1-3  months  3 months  to 1 year  1 to 5  years  5 years and  above  TOTAL  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  31 March 2023  Non-interest bearing instruments  1,101  -  17,847  -  219  19,167  Fixed interest rate instruments  -  -  126  -  -  126  Total  1,101  -  17,973  -  219  19,293  31 March 2022  Non-interest bearing  829  -  19,482  -  176  20,487  Fixed interest rate instruments  -  -  463  -  -  463  Total  829  -  19,945  -  176  20,950   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for both non-derivative financial assets and liabilities is subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

There are no derivative financial contracts entered into by the group during the financial year.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 43 (b) - Fair Value Measurement

This note provides information about how the Group determines fair value of various financial assets and liabilities.

## (i) Fair value of the Group financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis

Some of the Group's financial assets and liabilities are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair value of these financial assets and liabilities are determined :

| Financial assets/Financial liabilities  Fair Value as at  Fair value  hierarchy  Valuation  technique(s) and  key input(s)  31-Mar-23  31-Mar-22  1. Investment in Mutual funds  3  -  Level 2  Mark to Market  valuation   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (ii) Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value :

The Group considers that the carrying amount of financial assets and financial liabilities recognised in these consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

## Note 44:  Related Party Disclosure

Details of Related Parties:

| Description of Relationship  Names of Related Parties  2022-23  2021-22  Entities Exercising Significant  Influence (EESI)  SVL Limited  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  SVL Limited  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  Key Management Personnel (KMP)  Mr. T. Shivaraman, Managing Director  Ms. J Kotteswari, Chief Financial Officer  Ms. M Kirithika, Company Secretary  Mr. T. Shivaraman, Managing Director  Mr. Venkatachalam Sesha Ayyar, Managing  Director  Ms. J Kotteswari, Chief Financial Officer  Ms. M Kirithika, Company Secretary  Post Employment Benefit plans  Orient Green Power Company Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited Employees  Gratuity Trust  Bharath Wind Farm Limited Employees  Gratuity Trust  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Orient Green Power Company Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited Employees  Gratuity Trust  Bharath Wind Farm Limited Employees  Gratuity Trust  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Company over which KMP/EESI  exercises Significant Influence  (Others)  -  SEPC Limited (Formerly Shriram EPC  Limited)  Co-venturer/ Joint Venturer  exercising significant influence  on certain subsidiaries  (Other  ventures)  For Vjetro Electrana Crno Brdo, Step down  subsidiary  - Tudic Elecktro Centar Obnovljivi izvori  d.o.o, Sibenik  For Vjetro Electrana Crno Brdo, Step down  subsidiary  - Tudic Elecktro Centar Obnovljivi izvori  d.o.o, Sibenik   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Related Parties are, as identified by the Management.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Details of Related Party Transactions during the relevant years and as at the balance sheet date:

| Description  Name of the Related Party  2022-23  2021-22  Writeback of creditors  SEPC Limited  -  5  SVL Limited  1732  -  Interest expense  SVL Limited  60  1,989  Cost of Maintenance  Tudic Elecktro Centar Obnovljivi izvori d.o.o, Sibenik  183  105  Remuneration to Key Management Personnel  Salaries and Short-term employee benefits;  119  104  Contribution to defined contribution plans  7  7  Compensated absences and Gratuity provision  32  19  Contribution to Post employment benefit plans  Orient Green Power Company Limited Employees Gratuity Trust  11  51  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited Employees Gratuity Trust  9  70  Bharath Wind Farm Limited Employees Gratuity Trust  -  13  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited Employees Gratuity Trust  13  45  Gamma Green Power Private Limited Employees Gratuity Trust  5  7  Loans and Advances Made /Repaid /  (Recovered (received) - Net)  SVL Limited  772  (1,687)  Janati Biopower Private Limited  (850)  389   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Closing Balance at the Year End

| Description  Name of the Related Party  As at 31  March 2023  As at 31  March 2022  Borrowings / Other Long Term Liabilities  SVL Limited (Refer Note 44.3 below)  9,593  29,015  Janati Biopower Private Limited (Refer Note 44.3 below)  18,350  -  Recoverables  SVL Limited - (Refer Note 11.1)  2,850  -  Payable  SEPC Limited - Payable towards purchase of Fixed  Asset &amp; Others  2,300  2,300  Tudic Elecktro Centar Obnovljivi izvori d.o.o, Sibenik  -  13   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- 44.1.   The Group accounts for costs incurred by the Related parties based on the actual invoices/debit notes raised and accruals as confirmed by such related parties. The Related parties have confirmed to the Management that as at 31 March, 2023, there are no further amounts payable to/receivable from them, other than as disclosed above.
- 44.2.   During the previous year, Mr. Venkatachalam Sesha Ayyar, Managing Director resigned from the services of the company. The board in its meeting dated March 30, 2022 appointed Mr. T Shivaraman as Managing Director for a period of 3 years from the said date. The shareholders approval is received during the year.
- 44.3.  During the year, SVL Limited assigned Rs. 17,500 lakhs of dues receivable from the group to Janati Bio Power Private Limited (JBPL). Accordingly, the said amounts are reflected as dues payable to JBPL.

## 45. a. Leases

The  group  has  taken  on  lease  certain  portions  of  land  for  installation  of  windmills  and  buildings.  With  the  exception  of shortterm leases and leases of low-value underlying assets, each lease is reflected on the balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. The group  classifies its right-of-use assets in a consistent manner under its property, plant and equipment within the same line item as if they were owned by group. (Refer note 5)

Rental expenses recorded for short term leases during the year ended March 31, 2023 is Rs.8 Lakh (Previous year- 7 Lakhs)

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

In accordance with IND AS 116 Leases, The payment of lease liabilities have been disclosed under cash flow from financing activities in the Cash Flow Statement.

The table below provides details regarding the contractual maturities of lease liabilities on an undiscounted basis:

| Particulars  As at  31 March 2023  As at  31 March 2022  Not later than one year  30  370  Later than one year but not later than five years  1,380  1,418  Later than five years  3,478  3,856  Total  4,888  5,644   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  As at  31 March 2023  As at  31 March 2022  Right-of-use (ROU) asset balance at the beginning of the year  5,073  5,444  Right-of-use (ROU) asset balance (Recongised on transition to Ind AS 116)  -  -  Additions  195  150  Less: Impact on modification of lease (Refer 45 b below)  (367)  (212)  Amortisation cost accrued during the year  (301)  (309)  Right-of-use (ROU) asset balance at the end of the year  4,600  5,073  Lease Liabilities at the beginning of the year  2,361  2,479  Additions  -  46  Less: Impact on modification of lease (Refer 45 b below)  (654)  (335)  Interest cost accrued during the year  297  323  Other adjustments  (5)  -  Payment of lease liabilities  (30)  (152)  Lease Liabilities at the end of the year  1,969  2,361   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## b. Modification of lease agreements

During the year, one of the land lease agreements entered into by one of the subsidiary M/s. Beta Wind Farm Private Limited as a lessee was amended. This modification of lease terms resulted in a reduction of Right of use asset and lease liabilities by  Rs.367Lakhs (previous year - Rs. 212 lakhs) and Rs.654 Lakhs(Previous year - Rs. 335 lakhs). Consequently, a gain of Rs. 287 lakhs ( Previous year - Rs.123 Lakhs) has been recognized under exceptional items.

## 46. Earnings Per Share

| Particulars  Year ended  31 March, 2023  Year ended  31 March, 2022  Basic and Dilutive  Continuing operations  Profit/(Loss) for the year - Rupees in Lakhs  3,510  4,655  Profit/(loss) attributable to non controlling interest  129  331  Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the company  3,381  4,324  Weighted average number of equity shares - Numbers  75,07,23,977  75,07,23,977  Par value per share - Rupees  10  10  Earnings per share - Basic - Rupees  0.45  0.58  Earnings per share - Diluted - Rupees  0.45  0.58   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Year ended  31 March, 2023  Year ended  31 March, 2022  Discontinued Operations  Loss for the year - Rupees in Lakhs  (177)  (1,077)  Profit/(loss) attributable to non controlling interest  (55)  (251)  Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the company  (122)  (826)  Weighted average number of equity shares - Numbers  75,07,23,977  75,07,23,977  Par value per share - Rupees  10  10  Earnings per share - Basic - Rupees  (0.02)  (0.11)  Earnings per share - Diluted - Rupees  (0.02)  (0.11)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 47 (a) Statement of Net Assets and Profit and Loss attributable to Owners and Non Controlling Interests

| S. No  Name of the entity  Net assets, i.e., total  assets minus total  liabilities  Share of net profit or  (loss)  Share in Other  Comprehensive Income  Share in Total  Comprehensive Income  As % of  consolidated  net assets  Amount  as at  31 March  2023  As % of  consolidated  profit or loss  For the  Year Ended  31 March  2023  As % of  consolidated  profit or loss  For the  Year Ended  31 March  2023  As % of  consolidated  profit or loss  For the  Year Ended  31 March  2023  A  Parent  -32.53%  (16,752)  -52.49%  (1,749)  -12.10%  (19)  -50.66%  (1,768)  B  Subsidiaries  Indian  1  Amrit Environmental  Technologies Private  Limited  -11.63%  (5,988)  -4.62%  (154)  0.00%  -  -4.41%  (154)  2  Bharath Wind Farm  Limited  0.99%  509  79.71%  2,657  -28.66%  (45)  74.83%  2,612  3  Beta Wind farm Private  Limited  128.46%  66,148  -0.54%  (18)  -28.66%  (45)  -1.81%  (63)  4  Gamma Green Power  Private Limited  3.13%  1,614  68.31%  2,276  -7.01%  (11)  64.92%  2,266  5  Orient Green Power  (Maharashtra) Private  Limited  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  Foreign  6  Orient Green Power  Europe B.V.  11.58%  5,964  7.38%  246  176.43%  277  14.99%  523  C  Non  controlling  interest  in all subsidiaries  0.00%  -  2.25%  75  0.00%  -  2.14%  75  D  Total  100.00%  51,495  100.00%  3,333  100.00%  157  100.00%  3,490   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The above amounts are as considered in the consolidated financial statements after adjusting for eliminations/other consolidation adjustments.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

47 (b) Statement of Net Assets and Profit and Loss attributable to Owners and Non Controlling Interests

| S. No  Name of the entity  Net assets, i.e., total  assets minus total  liabilities  Share of net profit or  (loss)  Share in Other  Comprehensive Income  Share in Total  Comprehensive Income  As % of  consolidated  net assets  Amount  as at 31  March  2022  As % of  consolidated  profit or loss  For the  Year Ended  31 March  2022  As % of  consolidated  profit or loss  For the  Year Ended  31 March  2022  As % of  consolidated  profit or loss  For the  Year Ended  31 March  2022  A  Parent  -37.02%  (17,772)  -135.13%  (4,835)  -4.17%  4  -138.74%  (4,831)  B  Subsidiaries  Indian  1  Amrit Environmental  Technologies Private  Limited  -12.02%  (5,772)  -20.35%  (728)  0.00%  -  -20.92%  (728)  2  Bharath Wind Farm  Limited  -0.03%  (14)  72.22%  2,584  -3.13%  3  74.30%  2,587  3  Beta Wind farm Private  Limited  135.85%  65,219  151.12%  5,407  3.13%  (3)  155.20%  5,404  4  Gamma Green Power  Private Limited  1.51%  723  20.79%  744  -1.04%  1  21.40%  745  5  Orient Green Power  (Maharashtra) Private  Limited  0.00%  -  1.01%  36  0.00%  -  1.03%  36  Foreign  6  Orient Green Power  Europe B.V.  11.71%  5,621  6.93%  248  105.21%  (101)  4.22%  147  7  Statt Orient Energy  (Private) Limited  0.00%  -  1.17%  42  0.00%  -  1.21%  42  C  Non controlling interest  in all subsidiaries  0.00%  -  2.24%  80  0.00%  -  2.30%  80  Associates  (Investment  as per the equity method)  Indian  1  Pallavi Power and Mines  Limited  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  0.00%  -  D  Total  100.00%  48,005  100.00%  3,578  100.00%  (96)  100.00%  3,482   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The above amounts are as considered in the consolidated financial statements after adjusting for eliminations/other consolidation adjustments.

## 48. Other Statutory information:

- (a) The Group has not entered into transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the year under consideration.
- (b) The group have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

- (c) The Group have neither received nor given any fund from or to any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the group shall:
- (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
- (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
- (d) The group is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017 (as amended).

## 49. Subsequent Events

- a. During April 2023, one of the subsidiaries of the company, M/s. Beta Wind Farm Private Limited received a loan of Rs. 70,363 lakhs from Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA) towards refinancing the existing term loan and working capital facilities. In addition to the refinancing, additional term loan facility amounting to Rs. 480 lakhs has been received.

## 50. Rights Issue

During the year, the company proposed to issue equity shares on a rights basis to the existing eligible equity shareholders for an amount aggregating up to Rs. 23,000 lakhs. The proceeds of the said issue are proposed to be utilized towards inter alia, repayment of borrowings availed by the company and its subsidiaries and general corporate purposes. The draft letter of offer dated September 07, 2022 duly approved by the Rights issues committee was filed by the company with Securities and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI') and the stock exchanges on which the Rights Equity Shares are proposed to be listed. The company received letters dated September 21, 2022 and September 19, 2022 from BSE and NSE, respectively granting in-principle approval for undertaking the Issue. Further, SEBI issued final observations on the DLOF vide its letter dated February 13, 2023. The company is in the process of filing the letter of offer with Stock Exchanges and SEBI.

## 51. Disposal of Subsidiary/step down subsidiary

- a. During the year, the company disposed its entire shareholding held in M/s. Pallavi Power and Mines Limited, associate company. This investment is adequately provided for in earlier years and hence no impairment is requried during the year.
- b. Refer note 39.2
- c. During the previous year, one of the subsidiaries M/s. Beta Wind Farm Private Limited disposed its entire shareholding in its Wholly owned subsidiary M/s Beta Wind Farm (AP) Private Limited for Rs.0.14Lakhs. Accordingly, these consolidated results include the losses of Beta Wind Farm (AP) Private Limited till the date of disposal. The impact of derecognition of this stepdown subsidiary is insignificant in these consolidated financial results.
52. The Code on Social Security 2020 ('Code') has been notified in the Official Gazette on September 29, 2020. The Code is not yet effective and related rules are yet to be notified. Impact if any of the change will be assessed and recognized in the period in which the said Code becomes effective and the rules framed thereunder are notified.
53. The figures for previous year have been regrouped wherever necessary to conform to the classification of the current year.

## Notes forming part of consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 54. Form AOC -1 (Part- A)

| S.  No  Name of the subsidiary  Reporting currency  and Exchange rate as  on the last date of the  relevant Financial year  in the case of foreign  subsidiaries.  Share  capital  Reserves  &amp;  surplus  Total  assets  Total  Liabilities  Investments  Turnover  Profit/  (Loss)  before  taxation  Provision  for  taxation  Profit/  (Loss)  after  taxation  Proposed  Dividend  % of  shareholding  1  Amrit Environmental  Technologies Pvt Ltd  INR  1,700  (9,749)  957  9,006  7  -  (208)  -  (208)  -  74.00%  2  Beta Wind Farm  Limited  INR  49,016  24,092  1,46,200  73,091  -  17,385  (1,600)  -  (1,600)  -  74.00%  3  Orient Green Power  Europe B.V.  EURO*  3,355  709  6,746  2,681  -  1,777  313  -  313  -  100.00%  4  Bharath Wind Farm  Limited  INR  7,171  9,576  32,892  16,145  57  4,965  2,723  -  2,723  -  100.00%  5  Gamma Green Power  Pvt Ltd  INR  2,792  (13,655)  8,549  19,412  (0)  2,062  1,616  -  1,616  -  72.50%  6  Orient Green Power  (Maharashtra) Pvt Ltd #  INR  1,900  (1,900)  -  -  -  -  (0)  -  (0)  -  100.00%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| * Ex Rates as on 31.03.2023  Currency  Balance Sheet  Profit &amp; Loss  1 Euro  Rs. 89.3652  Rs. 83.8526   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Reporting period for the subsidiaries are same as that of the Holding Company,i.e., March 31, 2023.

# The Subsidiary is yet to commence operations and is in the process of voluntary strike off.

55. The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the realisable value of all the current assets and has confirmed that the value of such assets in the ordinary course of business will not be less than the value at which these are recognized in the consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Board has also confirmed the carrying value of the non-current assets in the consolidated financial statements. The Board, duly taking into account all the relevant disclosures made, has approved these consolidated financial statements in its meeting held on April 20, 2023.

In terms of our report attached For G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

Umesh S. Abhyankar

Partner

Membership Number: 113 053

Place : Pune

Date : April 20, 2023

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T. Shivaraman

Managing Director &amp; CEO DIN: 01312018

J. Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer

Place : Chennai

Date : April 20, 2023

R. Ganapathi

Director

DIN: 00103623

M. Kirithika

Company Secretary

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## To The Members of Orient Green Power Company Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  standalone  financial statements  of  Orient  Green  Power  Company  Limited  ('the Company'),  which  comprise  the  Standalone  Balance  Sheet as at March 31, 2023, the Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss  (including  Other  Comprehensive  Income),  Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity and Standalone Statement of Cash Flows for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information (hereinafter referred to as 'the standalone financial statements').

In our opinion and to the best of our information and according to  the  explanations  given  to  us,  the  aforesaid  standalone financial  statements  give  the  information  required  by  the Companies Act, 2013 ('the Act') in the manner so required and give a true and fair view in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in India, of the state of affairs of the Company as at March 31, 2023, and  its net profit and total comprehensive income, changes in equity and its cash flows for the year ended on that date.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with the Standards on  Auditing  (SAs)  specified  under  section  143  (10)  of  the Act. Our responsibilities under those Standards are further described in the 'Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements' section of our report. We are independent of the Company in accordance with the 'Code of Ethics' issued by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India ('the ICAI') together with the ethical requirements that are  relevant  to  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements  under the provisions of the Act, and the Rules thereunder, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the Code of Ethics. We believe that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion  on  the standalone Financial Statements.

## Emphasis of Matter

We draw attention to the following matter in the Notes to the standalone financial statements:

- i. Considering  the  restrictive  covenants  by  consortium banks  on  the  subsidiary  viz.  Beta  Wind  Farm  Private Limited and the uncertainty associated with the recovery,  the  company  has  on  a  prudent  basis  not recognized  the  finance  income  of  Rs.  4,635  Lakhs during  the  year  ended  March  31,  2023  (cumulative Rs. 36,227 lakhs up to March 31, 2023) on loan measured at  amortized  cost,  consequent  to  fair  valuation  of investment  in  preference  shares.  Had  the  company recognized  the  finance  income,  the  net  profit  for the  year  would  have  been  higher  by  Rs.  4,635  Lakhs (cumulative  Rs.  36,227  Lakhs  up  to  March  31,  2023) and the loan to subsidiary would have been higher by Rs. 36,227 Lakhs.

Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the standalone financial statements of the current year. These matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the standalone financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report:

| Sr.  No.  Key Audit Matter  Auditors Response  1  Impairment testing of Company's investments in and  loans to subsidiaries  As  at  March  31,  2023,  the  Company  has  gross  investments in subsidiaries amounting to Rs. 70,067  lakhs and loans and advances amounting to Rs. 41,994  lakhs.  Considering  the  materiality  and  management  judgement  involved,  audit  of  impairment  testing  of  Company's  investments  and  provision  for  expected  credit losses on loans to subsidiaries was determined  to be a key audit matter.  The audit procedures that were performed were as under:  - We have considered  and  reviewed  Company's  policy for impairment testing for investments and loans to subsidiaries.  - We  reviewed  the  adequacy  of  the  impairment  provisions/ credit  losses  estimated  by  the  company  for  its  Investments and  Loans  based  on  the  net-worth  of  the  subsidiaries/other companies, the operating/ cash profits, the net present value of cash flows on the basis of the projected financial statements approved by the Board of Directors and the valuation reports from  Independent  External  Valuers.  We  have  reviewed  the reasonableness of the projected revenues, expenses, and the net present value of the cash flows (NPV) of the company and the  discount  rate  involved.  We  have  also  compared  the  NPV with the carrying amounts of the assets in order to ascertain the adequacy of the provisions. According to the information and  explanations  given  to  us  by  the  management  of  the company, we have also considered the long gestation and the pay-back  period  involved  in  the  Wind  Power  Projects,  while estimating the amount and the timing of the provisions/credit losses against the investments and the loans.  - We have obtained and reviewed the reports on the valuations of  the  Windmills  which  was  carried  out  by  the  company  by engaging Independent Valuer.  - Our  procedures  did  not  reveal  any  material  concerns  on  the provision for impairment and credit losses as considered in the financial statements.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information Other than the Standalone Financial Statements and Auditor's Report Thereon

The  Company's  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the information  included  in  the  Management  Discussion  and Analysis, the report of the Board of Directors and the report on  the  Corporate  Governance  but  does  not  include  the standalone  financial  statements  and  our  auditor's  report thereon.

Our opinion on the standalone financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  standalone  financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information is materially inconsistent with the standalone  financial statements or our knowledge obtained during the course of our audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Management's Responsibility for the Standalone Financial Statements

The  Company's  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the matters stated in Section 134 (5) of the Act with respect to the preparation of these Standalone Financial Statements that give  a  true  and  fair  view  of  the  financial  position,  financial performance including total comprehensive income, changes in  equity  and  cash  flows  of  the  Company  in  accordance with  the  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  India, including the Indian Accounting Standards (IND AS) specified under Section 133 of the Act read with the Company's (Indian Accounting  Standards)  Rules,2015  as  amended  including the  Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards)  Amendment Rules  2019.  This  responsibility  also  includes  maintenance of  adequate  accounting  records  in  accordance  with  the provisions of the Act for safeguarding of the assets of the Company and for preventing and detecting frauds and other irregularities; selection and application of appropriate accounting policies; making judgments and estimates that are  reasonable  and  prudent;  and  design,  implementation

and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial  controls, that  were  operating  effectively  for  ensuring  the  accuracy and  completeness  of  the  accounting  records,  relevant  to the preparation and presentation of the standalone financial statements that give a true and fair view and are free from material misstatements, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the standalone financial Statements, management  is  responsible  for  assessing  the  Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Board of Directors either intends to liquidate the Company or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Board of Directors is also responsible for overseeing the Company's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Standalone Financial Statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about whether  the  Standalone  Financial  Statements  as  a  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  standalone financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  SAs,  we  exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of  the  standalone  financial  statements,  whether  due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive  to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement  resulting  from  fraud  is  higher  than  for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,  intentional  omissions,  misrepresentations,  or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  financial  controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the  circumstances.  Under section 143(3)(i) of the Act, we are also responsible for expressing  our  opinion  on  whether  the  Company  has adequate internal financial controls system in place and the operating effectiveness of such controls.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  and,  based on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Company's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern. If  we  conclude that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related disclosures in the standalone financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit  evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of  the  standalone  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the standalone financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance regarding,  among  other  matters,  the  planned  scope  and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any  significant deficiencies  in internal control  that  we identify during our audit.

We  also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a statement  that  we  have  complied  with  relevant  ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence,  and where applicable, related safeguards.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with governance,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of most  significance  in  the  audit  of  the  standalone  financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

As required by the Companies (Auditor's Report) Order, 2020 ('the  Order'),  issued  by  the  Central  Government  of  India  in terms of sub-section (11) of section 143 of the Act, we give in the 'Annexure A,' a statement on the matters specified in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the said Order, to the extent applicable.

As required by Section 143 (3) of the Act, we report that:

- (a) We  have  sought  and  obtained  all  the  information  and explanations  which  to  the  best  of  our  knowledge  and belief were necessary for the purposes of our audit.
- (b) In  our opinion, proper books of account as required by

law have been kept by the Company so far as it appears from our examination of those books.

- (c) The  Balance  Sheet,  the  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss including other comprehensive income, the Statement of Changes in Equity and the Cash Flow Statement dealt with by this Report are in agreement with the books of account.
- (d) In our opinion, the aforesaid standalone financial statements comply with the Indian Accounting Standards specified under section 133 of the Act read with  the  Companies  (Indian  Accounting  Standards) Rules,  2015,  as  amended  including  the  (Companies Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2019.
- (e) On  the  basis  of  the  written  representations  received from the directors as on March 31, 2023, and taken on record by the Board of Directors, none of the directors is disqualified as on March 31, 2023, from being appointed as a director in terms of Section 164 (2) of the Act.
- (f) With  respect  to  the  adequacy of the internal financial controls  over  financial  reporting  of  the  Company  and the  operating  effectiveness  of  such  controls,  refer  to our separate Report in 'Annexure B' to this report.
- (g) With respect to the other matters to be included in the Auditor's Report in accordance with the requirements of section 197(16) of the act, as amended, in our opinion and  to  the  best  of  our  information  and  according  to the  explanations  given  to  us,  the  remuneration  paid by  the  Company  to  its  directors  during  the  year  is  in accordance with the provisions of section 197 (16) of the Act.
- (h) With  respect  to  the  other  matters  to  be  included in  the  Auditor's  Report  in  accordance  with  Rule  11 of  the  Companies  (Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules,  2014, as  amended,  in  our  opinion  and  to  the  best  of  our information and according to the explanations given to us:
- i. The Company has disclosed the impact of pending litigations on its financial position in its standalone financial statements - Refer Notes to the financial statements.
- ii. The Company did not have any long-term contracts including  derivative  contracts  for  which  there were any material foreseeable losses.
- iii. According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us, Company is not required to transfer any amount to the Investor Education and Protection Fund (IEPF) during the year ended March 31, 2023.
- iv. a. The management has represented that to the best of its knowledge or belief, no funds have been advanced or loaned or invested (either from  borrowed  funds  or  share  premium  or

any  other  sources  or  kind  of  funds)  by  the company to or in any other persons or entities including foreign entities (intermediaries) with the understanding, whether recorded in writing  or  otherwise,  that  the  intermediary shall,  whether  directly  or  indirectly  lend  or invest in other persons or entities identified in  any  manner  whatsoever  by  or  on  behalf of  the  company  (ultimate  beneficiaries)  or provide any guarantee, security or the like on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;

- b. The  management  has  represented  that  to the best of its knowledge or belief, no funds have  been  received  by  the  company  to  or in  any  other  persons  or  entities  including foreign  entities  (funding  parties)  with  the understanding,  whether  recorded  in  writing or otherwise, that the company shall, whether directly  or  indirectly  lend  or  invest  in  other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever  by  or  on  behalf  of  the  funding party (ultimate beneficiaries) or provide any guarantee,  security  or  the  like  on  behalf  of the Ultimate Beneficiaries;
- c. Based  on  the  audit  procedures  considered reasonable and appropriate in the circumstances  carried  out  by  us,  nothing has  come  to  our  notice  that  has  caused  us to believe that the representation  under clause  (iv-a)  &amp;  (iv-b)  contain  any  material misstatements.
- v. The Company has not declared and paid dividend during the year.
- vi. There are no comments offered as regards the maintenance of books of account using accounting software which has a feature of recording  audit  trail  (edit  log)  facility  under  Rule 11(g) of Companies (Audit and Auditors) Rules, 2014 since the said requirements under proviso to Rule 3(1)  of  the  Companies  (Accounts)  Rules,  2014  are not  applicable  to  the  company  for  the  financial year ended March 31, 2023.

For G. D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100515W UDIN:  23113053BGWSYT2552

Pune, April 20, 2023

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113053

## ANNEXURE 'A' TO THE AUDITORS' REPORT

Referred  to  in  paragraph  under  the  heading  'Report  on Other  Legal  and  Regulatory  Requirements'  of  our  report of even date to the members of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2023)

- i. (a) A. The company has maintained proper records showing full particulars of property, plant and equipment including quantitative details and situation of assets.
- B. The  company  is  maintaining  proper  records showing full particulars of intangible assets.
3. (b) The items of Property, Plant &amp; Equipment were  physically  verified  during  the  year  by  the Management in accordance with a programme of verification,  which  in  our  opinion  is  reasonable having regard to the size of the company and the nature of its assets. According to the information and explanation given to us, no material discrepancies were noticed on such verification.
4. (c) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us and based on the records examined by us,  we  report  that,  the  title  deeds  comprising  all the  immovable  properties  of  land  and  buildings, are  held  in  the  name  of  the  Company  as  at  the balance sheet date.
5. (d) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us,  the  company  has  not  carried  out revaluation of property, plant equipment or intangible  assets  during  the  year.  Accordingly reporting  under  clause  3(i)(d)  of  the  Order  is  not applicable to the Company.
6. (e) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us and based on our examination, we report that, there are no proceedings initiated or pending under  the  section  45  of  Benami  Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 and rules made thereunder.
- ii. (a) The  Company did not hold any inventories during the year. Accordingly, reporting under sub-clause (a)  of  clause 3(ii) of the order is not applicable to company.
8. (b) According  to  information  provided  to  us,  during any point of time of the year, the company has not been sanctioned working capital limits in excess of five crore rupees, in aggregate, from banks or financial  institutions  on  the  basis  of  security  of current assets.
- iii. (a) Based  on  the  audit  procedures  conducted  by  us and according to the information and explanations provided to us, during the year the company has not made any investments in or has not provided any guarantee or security or has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans, secured or unsecured, to companies, firms, Limited Liability Partnerships or any other parties except as follows:

(Rs. in lakhs)

| Name of the Party  Guarantees  Loans  Aggregate amount given during the year  - Subsidiaries  (in  favour  of  Indian  Renewable  Energy  Development  Agency  Limited  for  proposed refinancing of existing loans to  be availed by a subsidiary viz. Beta Wind  Farm Pvt Ltd.)  72,611  Nil  Balance outstanding as at balance sheet  date  - Subsidiaries  1,48,603  35,461*  - Others  NIL  6,532**   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   ECL provision  Rs.  508  lakhs  has  been  made  against Rs. 35,461 lakhs

** Full provision of Rs. 6,532 lakhs for ECL has been made

- (b) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us  and  based  on  our  examination  we report  that,  the  terms  and  conditions  of  loans and  guarantee  given  are  not  prejudicial  to  the company's interest.
- (c) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us and based on our examination we report that  the  schedule  of  repayment  of  principal  and payment of interest has been stipulated. However, the repayments are not due as on March 31, 2023.
- (d) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us  and  based  on  our  examination  we report  that,  loans  amounting  to  Rs.  6,532  lakhs given to other parties are overdue for more than ninety days which have been fully provided for by the  company  and  as  informed  reasonable  steps have been taken for its recovery.
- (e) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us  and  based  on  our  examination  we report that, there are no loans or advances in the nature  of  loan  granted  which  have  fallen  due  for repayment during the year.

- (f) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us  and  based  on  our  examination  we report that the company has not granted any loans or advances in the nature of loans either repayable on  demand  or  without  specifying  any  terms  or period of repayment.
- iv. Based  on  the  audit  procedures  conducted  by  us  and according  to  the  information  and  explanations  given to  us,  we  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  provisions  of section 185 of the Act have been complied with by the Company and the provisions of section 186 of the Act, except sub-section 1 are not applicable to the Company being  company  providing  infrastructural  facilities  as specified in Schedule VI to the Act. We further report that  provisions  of  sub-section  1  of  section  186  are complied with.
- v. The Company has not accepted any deposits or amounts which are deemed deposits from the public within the meaning of Sections 73, 74, 75 and 76 of the Act and the Rules framed there under. According to the information and explanations given to us, no order has been passed by  Company  Law  Board  or  National  Company  Law Tribunal  or  Reserve  Bank  of  India  or  any  court  or  any other tribunal.
- vi. The Company is not required to maintain cost records under sub-section (1) of section 148 of the companies Act, 2013.
- vii. (a) The Company has generally been regular in depositing  undisputed  statutory  dues  including Provident fund, Employees' State Insurance, Income  tax,  Goods  and  Services  Tax,  Custom Duty,  Cess  and  other  material  statutory  dues applicable to it with appropriate authorities. There were  no  undisputed  amounts  payable  in  respect of  Provident  fund,  Employees'  State  Insurance, Income-tax,  Goods  and  Services  Tax,  Cess  and other material statutory dues in arrears as at March 31, 2023 for a period of more than six months from the date they became payable.
- (b) According  to  information  and  explanations  given to  us  and  based  on  the  audit  procedures  carried out  by  us,  there  are  no  dues  of  Provident  fund, Employees'  State  Insurance,  Income  tax,  Goods and  Services  Tax,  Custom  Duty,  Cess  and  other material statutory dues as on March 31, 2023 which were not deposited on account of disputes except as stated below:
- viii. According  to  the  information  and  explanations  given to us and based on the audit procedures performed by us,  we  report  that  no  amount  has  been  surrendered or  disclosed  as  income  during  the  year  in  the  tax assessments under the Income Tax Act, 1961 (43 of 1961).
- ix. (a) In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information and explanations given to us, the Company has  not  defaulted  in  the  repayment  of  loans  or borrowings  and  interest  thereon  payable  to  any banks  and  other  lenders.  The  company  does  not have any borrowings from financial institutions or government.
- (b) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us the company is not declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or other lenders.
- (c) The  company  has  not  obtained  any  term  loans during the year. Further there were no term loans which were unutilised at the beginning of the year. As such, reporting under sub-clause (c) of clause 3(ix) is not applicable to the company.
- (d) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us, and the procedures performed by us, we report that, the company has not used funds raised on short term for long-term purposes.
- (e) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us  and  on  an  overall  examination  of  the financial  statements  of  the  company,  we  report that  the  company  has  not  taken  any  funds  from any entity or person on account of or to meet the obligations of its subsidiaries.
- (f) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us, and the procedures performed, we  report  that  company  has  not  raised  loan during  the  year  on  the  pledge  of  securities  held in  its  subsidiaries,  joint  ventures  or  associate companies.
- x. (a) During  the  year,  the  company  has  not  raised money  by  way  of  further  public  offer  (including

| Name  of the  Statute  Nature of Dues Amount  Years to  which the  amount  relates  Forum where  dispute is  pending  Income  Tax Act,  1961  Disallowances  during the  course of  assessment  Rs. 89  Lakhs  A.Y. 2020-21  Commissioner  of Income Tax  (Appeals)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

debt instrument). Accordingly reporting  under sub-clause  (a)  of  clause  3(x)  of  the  order  is  not applicable to the company.

- (b) In  our  opinion  and  according  to  the  information and explanations given to us, company has not  made  any  preferential  allotment  or  private placement  of  shares  or  convertible  debentures (fully, partially or optionally convertible) during the year.  Accordingly,  reporting  under  sub  clause  (b) of clause 3(x) of the order is not applicable to the company.
- xi. (a) Based on the audit procedures performed for the purpose of reporting the true and fair view of the Financial  Statements  and  as  per  the  information and  explanations  given  by  the  management,  we report that no fraud by the Company or any fraud on  the  Company  has  been  noticed  or  reported during the year.
- (b) During the year no report under sub-section (12) of section 143 of the Companies Act has been filed by the auditors in Form ADT-4 as prescribed under rule  13  of  Companies  (Audit  and  Auditors)  Rules, 2014 with the Central Government.
- (c) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given  to  us  and  procedures  performed  by  us,  we report  that  no  whistle-blower  complaints  were received during the year by the company.
- xii. The  company  is  not  nidhi  company  pursuant  to  the provisions of section 406 of the Companies Act, 2013. Accordingly,  reporting  under  sub-clause  (a)  to  (c)  of the  clause  3(xii)  of  the  order  is  not  applicable  to  the company.
- xiii. Based  upon  the  audit  procedures  performed  for  the purpose  of  reporting  the  true  and  fair  view  of  the financial  statements  and  as  per  the  information  and explanations given to us, we report that the transactions with the related parties are in compliance with sections 177 and 188 of the Act where applicable and the details as required by the applicable accounting standards have been disclosed in the standalone financial Statements.
- xiv. (a) In  our  opinion  and  based  on  our  examination,

the company has an internal audit system commensurate  with  the  size  and  nature  of  its business.

- (b) The  internal  audit  reports  of  the  company  have been  considered  by  us  during  the  course  of  our audit.
- xv. Based upon the audit procedures performed and as per the information and explanations given to us, we report that  the  company  has  not  entered  into  any  non-cash transactions of the nature as described in section 192 (1) of the Act. Accordingly, reporting under this clause will not be applicable.
- xvi. (a) The  Company  is  not  required  to  be  registered under section 45-IA of the Reserve Bank of India Act, 1934.
- (b) Based on audit procedures performed, we report that  the  company  has  not  conducted  any  nonbanking  financial  or  housing  finance  activities during the year.
- (c) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us and based on audit procedures performed, we report that, the Company would not be classified as a Core Investment Company (CIC).
- (d) According  to  the  information  and  explanations given to us, we report that the Group does not have any CIC.
- xvii.    The Company has not incurred cash losses in the current financial  year  i.e.  FY  2022-23.  However,  cash  losses of  Rs.  1,739  Lakhs  were  incurred  during  immediately preceding financial year i.e. FY 2021-22.
- xviii.   There  has  been  no  resignation  of  statutory  auditors during  the  year.  Accordingly  reporting  under  clause 3(xviii) of the order will not be applicable to the company.
- xix. According  to  the  information  and  explanations  given to  us  and  on  the  basis  of  the  financial  ratios,  ageing and  expected  dates  of  realization  of  financial  assets and  payment  of  financial  liabilities,  other  information accompanying the financial statements, our knowledge of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  management  plans  and based on our examination of the evidence supporting the  assumptions,  nothing  has  come  to  our  attention,

which causes us to believe that any material uncertainty exists as on the date of the audit report that company is  not  capable  of  meeting  its  liabilities  existing  at  the date of balance sheet as and when they fall due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date. We, however, state that this is not an assurance as to the future  viability  of  the  company.  We  further  state  that our  reporting  is  based  on  the  facts  up  to  the  date  of the  audit  report  and  we  neither  give  any  guarantee nor any assurance that all liabilities falling due within a period of one year from the balance sheet date, will get discharged by the company as and when they fall due.

- xx. In our opinion and according to information and explanation provided to us, the Company is not required to incur expenditure on Corporate Social Responsibility under section 135 of the Companies Act, 2013 in view of  losses  under  section  198  mainly  on  account  of adjustment of losses pertaining to earlier years as per section 198(4)(l) of the Act.

For G. D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W UDIN:  23113053BGWSYT2552

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113053

Pune, April 20, 2023

## ANNEXURE B TO THE INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

(Referred to in paragraph  (f) under the heading 'Report on other legal  and  regulatory  requirements'  of  our  report  on even date on the Internal Financial Controls under Clause (i) of Sub-section 3 of Section 143 of the Companies Act, 2013 ('the  Act')  to  the  members  of  the  Company  for  the  year ended March 31, 2023)

## To The Members of

## Orient Green Power Company Limited

We have audited the internal financial controls over financial reporting  of Orient  Green  Power  Company  Limited ('the Company') as of March 31, 2023 in conjunction with our audit of  the  standalone financial statements of the Company for the year ended on that date.

## Management's Responsibility for Internal Financial Controls

The Company's Management is responsible for establishing and  maintaining  internal  financial  controls  based  on  the internal control over financial reporting criteria established by  the  Company  considering  the  essential  components  of internal  control  stated  in  the  Guidance  Note  on  Audit  of Internal  Financial  Controls  over  Financial  Reporting  issued by  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  of  India  (ICAI). These  responsibilities  include  the  design,  implementation and  maintenance  of  adequate  internal  financial  controls that were operating effectively for ensuring the orderly and efficient  conduct  of  its  business,  including  adherence  to the  Company's policies, the safeguarding of its assets, the prevention and detection of frauds and errors, the accuracy and completeness of the accounting records, and the timely preparation  of  reliable  financial  information,  as  required under the Companies Act, 2013.

## Auditor's Responsibility

Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal  financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  based on  our  audit.  We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with the  Guidance  Note  on  Audit  of  Internal  Financial  Controls Over  Financial  Reporting  (the  'Guidance  Note')  and  the Standards on Auditing as specified under section 143(10) of the Companies Act, 2013, to the extent applicable to an audit of  internal  financial  controls,  both  issued  by  the  Institute of  Chartered  Accountants  of  India.  Those  Standards  and the  Guidance  Note  require  that  we  comply  with  ethical requirements  and  plan  and  perform  the  audit  to  obtain reasonable assurance  about whether  adequate  internal financial  controls  over  financial  reporting  was  established and maintained and if such controls operated effectively in all material respects.

Our  audit  involves  performing  procedures  to  obtain  audit evidence about the adequacy  of the internal financial controls system over financial reporting and their operating effectiveness.  Our  audit  of  internal  financial  controls  over financial  reporting  included  obtaining  an  understanding  of internal financial controls over financial reporting, assessing the  risk  that  a  material  weakness  exists,  and  testing  and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. The procedures selected  depend  on  the  auditor's  judgement,  including  the assessment  of  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the financial  statements,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error.  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our audit opinion on the company's  internal  financial  controls  system  over  financial reporting.

## Meaning of Internal Financial Controls over Financial Reporting

A company's internal financial control over financial reporting is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal financial control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and  dispositions  of  the assets  of  the  company;  (2)  provide  reasonable  assurance that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and  expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in accordance with authorisations of management and directors of  the  company;  and  (3)  provide  reasonable  assurance regarding  prevention  or  timely  detection  of  unauthorised acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

## Inherent  Limitations  of  Internal  Financial  Controls  over Financial Reporting

Because  of  the  inherent  limitations  of  internal  financial controls  over  financial  reporting,  including  the  possibility of  collusion  or  improper  management override of controls, material misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not  be  detected.  Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  the internal financial controls over financial reporting to future periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  the  internal  financial control  over  financial  reporting  may  become  inadequate because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## Opinion

In our opinion, to the best of our information and according to the explanations given to us, the Company has, in all material respects,  an  adequate  internal  financial  controls  system over financial reporting and such internal financial controls over  financial  reporting  were  operating  effectively  as  at March 31, 2023, based on the internal control over financial reporting  criteria  established  by  the  Company  considering the essential components of internal controls stated in the Guidance Note on Audit of Internal Financial Controls Over Financial  Reporting  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Chartered Accountants of India.

For G. D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W UDIN: 23113053BGWSYT2552

Umesh S. Abhyankar

Pune, April 20, 2023

Partner Membership Number: 113053

## Standalone Balance Sheet As at 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  ASSETS  Non -current Assets  (a)  Property, Plant and Equipment  5a  -  -  (b)  Intangible Assets  5b  2  3  (c)  Financial Assets  (i)  Investments  6  66,772  66,772  (ii)  Loans  7  34,953  35,194  (iii)  Other Financial Assets  8  -  -  (d)  Non Current Tax Assets  9  50  298  (e)  Other Non Current Assets  10  106  106  Total non-current assets  1,01,883  1,02,373  Current Assets  (a)  Financial Assets  (i)  Investments  11  -  -  (ii)  Trade Receivables  12  141  366  (iii)  Cash and Cash Equivalents  13  80  27  (iv)  Others  14  157  1  (b)  Other Current Assets  15  98  110  Total Current Assets  476  504  Assets classified as held for sale  16  93  118  Total Assets  1,02,452  1,02,995  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  (a)  Equity Share Capital  17  75,072  75,072  (b)  Other Equity  18  (1,357)  (1,652)  Total Equity  73,715  73,420  Liabilities  (I)  Non-current Liabilities  (a)  Financial Liabilities  (i) Borrowings  19  28,327  28,652  (b)  Provisions  20  32  18  (c)  Deferred Tax Liabilities (Net)  21  -  -  Total non-current liabilities  28,359  28,670   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Balance Sheet As at 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (II)  Current Liabilities  (a)  Financial Liabilities  (i)  Borrowings  22  48  552  (ii)  Trade Payables  23  -  T otal outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small  enterprises  -  -  -  T otal outstanding dues of creditors other than micro  enterprises and small enterprises  165  190  (b)  Other Current Liabilities  24  12  15  (c)  Provisions  25  10  5  Total current liabilities  235  762  Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale  26  143  143  Total liabilities  28,737  29,575  Total Equity and Liabilities  1,02,452  1,02,995   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements

| In terms of our report attached For G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W  ## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  T. Shivaraman  R. Ganapathi  Managing Director DIN: 01312018  Director  DIN: 00103623  Umesh S. Abhyankar  Partner  J. Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer  M. Kirithika  Membership Number: 113 053  Company Secretary  Place : Pune  Place : Chennai  Date : April 20,2023  Date : April 20,2023   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  For the Year ended  March 31, 2023  For the Year ended  March 31, 2022  A  Continuing Operations  1  Revenue from operations  27  2,343  2,978  2  Other income  28  1,400  187  3  Total income (1+2)  3,743  3,165  4  Expenses  (a)  Sub contracting expense  29  2,297  2,919  (b)  Employee benefits expense  30  242  301  (c)  Finance costs  31  374  1,503  (d)  Depreciation and amortisation expense  5  3  3  (e)  Other expenses  32  544  417  Total expenses  3,460  5,143  5  Profit/(Loss) before tax and exceptional items (3 - 4)  283  (1,978)  6  Exceptional items  -  -  7  Profit/(Loss) before tax (5-6)  283  (1,978)  8  Tax expense:  (a)  Current tax expense  -  -  (b)  Deferred tax  -  -  9  Profit/(Loss) after tax from Continuing Operations (7-8)  283  (1,978)  B  Discontinued Operations  10  Profit/(Loss) from Discontinued Operations (before tax)  36  31  (195)  11  Tax expense on discontinued operations  -  -  12  Profit/(Loss) after tax from Discontinued Operations (10-11)  31  (195)  13  Profit/(Loss) for the year  (9+12)  314  (2,173)  14  Other Comprehensive Income  A.  (i)  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or (loss)  -  Remeasurement of defined benefit obligation  (19)  3  (ii)    Income tax relating to items that will not be reclassified to  profit or (loss)  -  -  B.  (i)  Items that will be reclassified to profit or (loss)  -  -  (ii)    Income tax relating to items that will be reclassified to  profit or (loss)  -  -  Total Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) (A+B)  (19)  3  15  Total Comprehensive Income/ (Loss) for the Year (13 +14)  295  (2,170)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Statement of Profit and Loss for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Note No.  For the Year ended  March 31, 2023  For the Year ended  March 31, 2022  16  Earnings per equity share of Rs. 10/- each (in Rupees)  42  75,072  75,072  (a)  Continuing Operations  Basic  0.04  (0.26)  Diluted  0.04  (0.26)  (b)  Discontinued Operations  Basic  -  (0.03)  Diluted  -  (0.03)  (c)  Total EPS (continuing and discontinued)  Basic  0.04  (0.29)  Diluted  0.04  (0.29)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements

In terms of our report attached For G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

Umesh S. Abhyankar

Partner Membership Number: 113 053

Place : Pune

Date : April 20,2023

## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T. Shivaraman

Managing Director DIN: 01312018

J. Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer

Place : Chennai

Date : April 20,2023

R. Ganapathi

Director

DIN: 00103623

M. Kirithika

Company Secretary

<!-- image -->

## Standalone Statement of Changes in Equity for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## A. Equity Share Capital

| Balance as at  01 April, 2022  Changes in Equity share capital  due to prior period errors  Restated balance as  at 01 April, 2022  Changes in equity share  capital during the year  Balance as at  31 March, 2023  75,072  -  75,072  -  75,072  Balance as at  01 April, 2021  Changes in Equity share capital  due to prior period errors  Restated balance as at  01 April, 2021  Changes in equity share  capital during the year  Balance as at  31 March, 2022  75,072  -  75,072  -  75,072   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## B. Other Equity

| Particulars  Reserves and Surplus  Other  Comprehensive  Income  Total  Securities  premium  Retained  Earnings  Remeasurement  of defined  benefit obligation  Balance as at 01 April, 2022  80,203  (81,860)  5  (1,652)  Changes in Equity share capital due to prior period errors  -  -  -  -  Restated balance as at 01 April, 2022  80,203  (81,860)  5  (1,652)  Profit for the year  -  314  -  314  Other Comprehensive income / (loss) during the year, net of income tax  -  -  (19)  (19)  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  314  (19)  295  Balance As at 31 March, 2023  80,203  (81,546)  (14)  (1,357)  Balance as at 01 April, 2021  80,203  (79,687)  2  518  Changes in Equity share capital due to prior period errors  -  -  -  -  Restated balance as at 01 April, 2021  80,203  (79,687)  2  518  Loss for the year  -  (2,173)  -  (2,173)  Other Comprehensive income/(loss) during the year, net of income tax  -  -  3  3  Total comprehensive income for the year  -  (2,173)  3  (2,170)  Balance As at 31 March, 2022  80,203  (81,860)  5  (1,652)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying notes forming part of the standalone financial statements

| In terms of our report attached  ## For and on behalf of the Board of Directors  For G.D. Apte &amp; Co.,  Chartered Accountants  Firm Registration Number: 100 515W  T. Shivaraman  R. Ganapathi  Managing Director  Director  DIN: 01312018  DIN: 00103623  Umesh S. Abhyankar  Partner  J. Kotteswari  M. Kirithika  Membership Number: 113 053  Chief Financial Officer  Company Secretary  Place : Pune  Place : Chennai  Date : April 20,2023  Date : April 20,2023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2023  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2022  A. Cash flow from operating activities  Profit/(Loss) before tax  314  (2,173)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation and amortisation expense  3  3  (Profit)/Loss on sale of property, plant and equipment  -  (2)  Provision for doubtful debts or advances and trade receivables  440  257  Provision no longer required Written back  (1,189)  (25)  Finance costs  374  1,503  Interest income  (228)  (88)  Impairment on assets classified as held for sale  25  60  Unrealised Loss/(Gain) on Foreign Exchange (Net)  (163)  79  Operating Profit/(loss) before working capital/other changes  (424)  (386)  Changes in working capital/others:  Adjustments for (increase) / decrease in operating assets:  Current  Trade receivables  53  545  Other Financial Assets  (40)  243  Other Current Assets  (10)  241  Adjustments for increase/ (decrease) in operating liabilities:  Current  Trade payables  (26)  (862)  Other financial liabilities  -  (250)  Provisions  5  (17)  Other Current Liabilities  20  (1)  Non Current  Provisions  (5)  (46)  Cash generated from(used in) operations  (427)  (533)  Income tax (paid)/refund received  248  (16)  Net cash flow generated/(utilized) from operating activities (A)  (179)  (549)  B. Cash flow from investing activities  (Acquisition)/ Sale of Property, Plant and Equipment/ intangible assets  (2)  2  Proceeds from sale of investments in subsidiaries  51  -  (Loans given to)/  repayments of loans received from related parties  152  535  Interest received  -  Bank deposits/others  166  8  Net cash flow generated/(utilized) from investing activities (B)  367  545   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2023  For the Year Ended  31 March, 2022  C. Cash flow from financing activities  (Repayment)/  proceeds of long-term borrowings from banks  (1,205)  (463)  (Repayment)/ proceeds of long-term borrowings from related parties (net)  1,298  734  (Repayment) / Proceeds of other short-term borrowings (Net)  -  25  Interest Paid  (234)  (302)  Net cash flow generated/(utilized) from financing activities (C)  (141)  (6)  Net decrease in Cash and cash equivalents (A+B+C)  47  (10)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year  27  37  Exchange difference on translation of foreign currency cash and cash equivalents  6  -  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year  80  27   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities, both changes arising from cash flows and non-cash changes are given below

| Particulars  As at  01 April, 2022  Net Cash Changes  Non-Cash Changes  As at  March 31,2023  (Decrease)/  Increase  Changes in Fair  Values/Accruals  Other  Non-Current Borrowings (including Current  Maturities of Long Term Debt)  29,191  93  -  (917)  28,367  Current Borrowings  -  -  -  -  -  Interest accrued  23  (234)  369  (144)  14  Total  29,214  (141)  369  (1,061)  28,381   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Particulars  As at  01 April, 2021  Net Cash Changes  Non-Cash Changes  As at  March 31,2022  (Decrease)/  Increase  Changes in Fair  Values/Accruals  Other  Non-Current Borrowings (including Current  Maturities of Long Term Debt)  28,402  296  -  493  29,191  Current Borrowings  -  25  -  (25)  -  Interest accrued  30  (302)  1,499  (1,204)  23  Total  28,432  19  1,499  (736)  29,214   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Standalone Cash Flow Statement for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Notes:

1. The  above  Cash  Flow  Statement  has  been  prepared  under  the  indirect  method  set  out  in  Indian  Accounting  Standard (IND AS) -7, 'Statement of Cash Flow' as specified in the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015.
2. Direct  Tax  paid  is  treated  as  arising  from  operating  activities  and  are  not  bifurcated  between  investment  and  financing activities.
3. All figures in brackets indicate outflow.

In terms of our report attached For G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T. Shivaraman Managing Director DIN: 01312018

R. Ganapathi Director DIN: 00103623

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113 053

J. Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer

M. Kirithika

Company Secretary

Place : Pune

Place : Chennai

Date : April 20,2023

Date : April 20,2023

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 1. General Information

ORIENT GREEN POWER COMPANY LIMITED ('the Company'),  a  public  limited  company  incorporated  in the year 2006 domiciled in India  having its registered office at Fourth floor, Bascon Futura SV, No.10/1, 10/2, Venkatanarayana  Road,  T.Nagar,  Chennai  -  600017  to carry  out  the  business  of  investment,  ownership  in renewable  energy  areas  like  Wind  and  rendering  of related operation &amp; maintenance services.

The  Company's  shares  are  listed  on  BSE  Limited  and National Stock Exchange of India Limited.

## 2. Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Ministry of Corporate Affairs ('MCA') notifies  new standard  or  amendments  to  the  existing  standards under Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules as  issued  from  time  to  time.  On  March  31,  2023,  MCA amended the Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Amendment Rules, 2023, applicable from April 1, 2023, as below:

- (i) Ind AS  1 -  Disclosure  of  material  accounting policies:

The amendments related to shifting of disclosure of erstwhile 'significant accounting policies' to  'material  accounting  policies'  in  the  notes  to the  financial  statements  requiring  companies  to reframe  their  accounting  policies  to  make  them more entity specific. This amendment aligns with the 'material'  concept  already  required  under International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). The  Company  does  not  expect  this  amendment to  have  any  significant  impact  in  its  financial statements.

- (ii) Ind AS 8 - Definition of accounting estimates:

The amendments will help entities to distinguish between accounting policies and accounting estimates. The definition of a 'change in accounting  estimates'  has  been  replaced  with a definition of 'accounting estimates.' Under the new  definition, accounting estimates are 'monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that are subject to measurement uncertainty.' Entities develop accounting estimates if accounting policies  require  items  in  financial  statements  to be measured in a way that involves measurement uncertainty.  The  Company  does  not  expect  this amendment to have any significant impact in its financial statements.

- (iii) Ind AS 12 - Income Taxes

The  amendments  narrowed  the  scope  of  the recognition exemption in paragraphs 15 and 24 of Ind AS 12. At the date of transition to Ind AS, a firsttime adopter shall recognize a deferred tax asset to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will  be  available  against  which  the  deductible temporary difference can be utilized. Similarly,  a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable temporary differences associated with:

- a) right-of-use assets and lease liabilities
- b) decommissioning, restoration and similar liabilities  and  the  corresponding  amounts recognized as part of the cost of the related asset.

Therefore,  if  a  company  has  not  yet  recognised deferred  tax  on  right-of-use  assets  and  lease liabilities  or  has  recognized  deferred  tax  on  net basis, the same need to recognize on gross basis based  on  the  carrying  amount  of  right-of-use assets and lease liabilities

- (iv) Ind AS 103 - Common control Business Combination

The amendments modify the disclosure requirement for business combination under common  control  in  the  first  financial  statement following the business combination. It requires to disclose the date on which the transferee obtains control of the transferor.

## 3. Significant Accounting Policies

## 3.1 Statement of compliance

The  financial  statements  of  the  Company  have  been prepared in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards  ('Ind  AS')  notified  under  the  Companies (Indian Accounting Standards) Rules, 2015. The accounting policies as set out below have been applied consistently  to  all  years  presented  in  these  financial statements.

## 3.2 Basis of preparation and presentation

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on the  historical  cost  basis,  except  for  certain  financial instruments  which  are  measured  at  fair  values  at  the

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

end of each reporting period, as explained in accounting policies below. Historical cost is generally based on the fair  value  of  the  consideration  given  in  exchange  for goods and services.

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in  an  orderly  transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or  estimated  using  another  valuation  technique.  In estimating  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability,  the Company takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date.

In  addition,  for  financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements  are  categorised  into  Level  1,  2,  or  3 based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

- (i) Level  1  inputs  are  quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities that  the  entity  can  access  at  the  measurement date;
- (ii) Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- (iii) Level  3  inputs  are  unobservable  inputs  for  the asset or liability.

When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the  Company  uses  observable  market  data  as  far  as possible.  If  the  inputs  used  to  measure  the  fair  value of an asset or a liability fall into different levels of the fair  value  hierarchy,  then  the  fair  value  measurement is  categorised  in  its  entirety  in  the  same  level  of  the fair  value  hierarchy  as  the  lowest  level  input  that  is significant to the entire measurement.

The principal accounting policies are set out below:

## 3.3 Inventories

Stores  and  spares are valued at lower of cost and net realizable  value.  Cost  is  determined  on  a  weighted average basis.

Allowance is made to the carrying amount of inventory based on Management's assessment/technical evaluation and past experience of the Company taking into account its age, usability, obsolescence, expected realisable value etc.

## 3.4 Cash Flow Statement

Cash  flows  are  reported  using  the  indirect  method, whereby  profit  before  tax  is  adjusted  for  the  effects of  transactions of a non-cash nature, any deferrals or accruals  of  past  or  future  operating  cash  receipts  or payments and item of income or expenses associated with investing or financing cash flows. The cash flows are segregated into operating, investing and financing activities based on the extent of information available.

Cash and cash equivalent in the balance sheet comprise cash  at  banks  and  on  hand  and  short-term  deposits with original maturity of three months or less, which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. In the Statement of Cash Flows, cash and cash equivalents consist  of  cash  and  short  term  deposits,  as  defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts, if any as they are considered as integral part of the Company's cash management.

## 3.5 Taxation

Income tax expense represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.

## 3.5.1 Current tax

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  'profit  before tax'  as  reported  in  the  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss because of items of income or expense that are taxable or  deductible  in  other  years  and  items  that  are  never taxable  or  deductible.  The  Company's  current  tax  is calculated  using  tax  rates  and  laws  that  have  been enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the reporting period.

## 3.5.2 Deferred tax

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in  the  Financial  Statements  and  the  corresponding tax  bases  used  in  the  computation  of  taxable  profit. Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  all  taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profits  will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and  reduced  to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized.

Deferred tax liabilities and assets are measured at the tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  in  the  period  in which the liability would be settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the  reporting period.

The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects  the  tax  consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Company expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

## 3.5.3  Current and deferred tax for the year

Current and deferred tax expense is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss. When they relate to items that are recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity,  the current and deferred tax are also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively.

## 3.5.4 Minimum Alternate Tax

Minimum Alternate Tax(MAT) credit is recognized as an asset only when and to the extent there is convincing evidence  that  the  Company  will  pay  normal  income tax  during  the  specified  period.  In  the  year,  in  which the  MAT  credit  becomes  eligible  to  be  recognized  as an  asset  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  contained in  the  Guidance  Note  issued  by  Institute  of  Chartered Accountants  of  India  (ICAI),  the  said  asset  is  created by way of a credit to the Statement of Profit and Loss and  shown  as  MAT  credit  entitlement.  The  Company reviews the same at each Balance Sheet date and writes down the carrying amount of MAT credit entitlement to the extent there is no longer convincing evidence that the  Company  will  pay  normal  Income  Tax  during  the specified period.

## 3.6 Property, plant and equipment (PPE)

Property, plant and equipment are carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, if any. The cost of property, plant and equipment comprises the  purchase  price  net  of  any  trade  discounts  and rebates, any import duties and other taxes (other than those subsequently recoverable) and includes interest on borrowings attributable to acquisition of qualifying property, plant and equipment up to the date the asset is ready for its intended use and other incidental expenses incurred  up  to  that  date.  Subsequent  expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment is capitalised only  if  such  expenditure  results  in  an  increase  in  the future benefits from such asset beyond its previously assessed standard of performance.

Property, plant and equipment acquired and put to use for  project  purpose  are  capitalised  and  depreciation thereon is included in the project cost till the project is ready for its intended use.

Any part or components of property, plant and equipment which are separately identifiable and expected to have a useful life  which  is  different  from that  of  the  main  assets  are  capitalised  separately, based on the technical assessment of the management.

Projects  under  which  assets  are  not  ready  for  their intended use and other capital work-in-progress are  carried  at  cost,  comprising  direct  cost,  related incidental expenses and attributable interest.

Property, plant and equipment retired from active use and  held  for  sale  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  their  net book value and net realisable  value  and  are  disclosed separately.

Capital  work  in  progress  represents  projects  under which the property, plant and equipment's are not yet ready  for  their  intended  use  and  are  carried  at  cost determined as aforesaid.

## 3.6.1 Depreciation

Depreciable amount for assets is the cost of an asset, or other amount substituted for cost, less its estimated residual value.

Depreciation  on  property,  plant  and  equipment  has been provided on the straight-line  method  as  per  the useful lives prescribed in Schedule II to the Companies Act, 2013.

Individual  assets  costing  less  than  Rs.5,000  each  are depreciated  in  the  year  of  purchase  considering  the type and usage pattern of these assets.

Leasehold  improvements  are  depreciated  over  the primary lease period.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Depreciation  is  accelerated  on  property,  plant  and equipments, based on their condition, usability, etc. as per the technical estimates of the Management, where necessary.

## 3.7 Intangible assets

Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation is recognised on a straight line basis over the  estimated  useful  lives.  The  estimated  useful  life and  amortisation  method  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being accounted for on prospective basis.

An Intangible asset is derecognised on disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or disposal.  Gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition of  an  intangible  asset  is  measured  as  the  difference between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

## Amortisation

Intangible  assets  are  amortized  over  the  estimated useful life on straight line method.

## 3.8 Leases

A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## Company as a lessee

The  Company  accounts  for  each  lease  component within  the  contract  as  a  lease  separately  from  nonlease  components  of  the  contract  and  allocates  the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative standalone price of the lease component and the aggregate standalone price of the non-lease components.

The Company recognises right-of-use asset representing  its  right  to  use  the  underlying  asset  for the lease term at the lease commencement date. The cost of the right - of - use asset measured at inception shall comprise of the amount of the initial measurement of  the  lease  liability  adjusted  for  any  lease  payments made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any lease  incentives  received,  plus  any  initial  direct  costs incurred  and  an  estimate  of  costs  to  be  incurred  by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset or restoring the underlying asset or site on which it  is  located.  The  right-of-use  assets  is  subsequently measured at cost less  any  accumulated  depreciation, accumulated  impairment  losses,  if  any  and  adjusted for any remeasurement  of  the  lease  liability.  The right-of-use  assets  is  depreciated  using  the  straightline  method  from  the  commencement  date  over  the shorter of lease term or useful life of right-of-use asset. The  estimated  useful  lives  of  right-of-use  assets  are determined  on  the  same  basis  as  those  of  property, plant and equipment. Right of- use assets are tested for impairment whenever there is any indication that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. Impairment loss, if any, is recognised in the statement of profit and loss.

The Company measures the lease liability at the present value  of  the  lease  payments  that  are  not  paid  at  the commencement date of the lease. The lease payments are  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the lease,  if  that  rate  can  be  readily  determined.  If  that rate cannot be readily determined, the  Company uses incremental borrowing rate. For leases with reasonably similar characteristics, the Company, on a lease by lease basis, may adopt either the incremental borrowing rate specific to the lease or the incremental borrowing rate for the portfolio as a whole. The lease payments shall include fixed payments, variable lease payments, residual value guarantees, exercise price of a  purchase  option  where  the  Company  is  reasonably certain to exercise that option and payments  of penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the  lease  term reflects the lessee exercising an option to terminate the lease.  The  lease  liability  is  subsequently  remeasured by  increasing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  interest on the lease liability, reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made and remeasuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications  or  to  reflect  revised  in-substance  fixed lease payments.

The Company  recognises the amount of the remeasurement of lease liability  due  to  modification  as an adjustment to the right-of-use asset and statement of profit and loss depending  upon  the  nature of modification. Where the carrying amount of the rightof-use asset is reduced to zero and there is a further

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

reduction in the measurement of the lease liability, the Company recognises any remaining amount of the remeasurement in statement of profit and loss.

The Company has elected not to apply the requirements of Ind AS 116 Leases to short term leases of all assets that have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The lease payments associated with these leases are recognised as  an  expense  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease term.

The  Company  chose  to  present  Right  of  use  assets along with the property plant and equipment, as if they were owned.

## Company as a lessor

At  the  inception  of  the  lease,  the  Company  classifies each  of  its  leases  as  either  an  operating  lease  or  a finance lease. The Company recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straightline basis over the lease term. In case of a finance lease, finance income is recognised over the lease term based on a pattern reflecting a constant periodic rate of return on the lessor's  net  investment  in  the  lease.  When  the Company is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It  assesses  the  lease  classification  of  a  sub-lease with  reference  to  the  right-of-use  asset  arising  from the  head  lease,  not  with  reference  to  the  underlying asset. If a head lease is a short term lease to which the Company applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, the Company applies Ind AS 115 Revenue from contracts with customers to allocate the consideration in the contract.

## Company as a lessee

## Operating leases

For transition, the Company has elected not to apply the requirements of Ind AS 116 to leases which are expiring within 12 months from the date of transition by class of asset and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value on a lease-by-lease basis. The Company has also used the practical expedient provided by the standard when applying Ind AS 116 to leases previously classified as operating leases under Ind AS 17 and therefore, has not  reassessed  whether  a  contract,  is  or  contains  a lease,  at  the  date  of  initial  application,  relied  on  its assessment of whether leases are onerous, applying Ind AS 37 immediately before the date of initial application as an alternative to performing an impairment review, excluded initial direct costs from measuring the rightof-use asset at the date of initial application and used hindsight  when  determining  the  lease  term  if  the contract  contains  options  to  extend  or  terminate  the lease. The Company has used a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with similar characteristics.

## 3.9 Revenue recognition

## Revenue from Operations- Sale of Power

Revenue  from  the  sale  of  power  is  recognised  on  the basis  of  the  number  of  units  of  power  exported,  in accordance with joint meter readings undertaken on  a  monthly  basis  by  representatives  of  the  State Electricity Board and the Company, at rates agreed upon with  customers  and  when  there  is  no  uncertainty  in realising the same. Transmission, System Operating and Wheeling/Other  Charges  payable  to  State  Electricity Boards on sale of power is reduced from Revenue.

Revenue  from  the  end  of  the  last  invoicing  to  the reporting date is recognized as unbilled revenue and are classified as contract assets.

The company accounts for volume discounts and pricing incentives to customers as a reduction of revenue based on  the  ratable  allocation  of  the  discounts/  incentives to  each of the underlying performance obligation that corresponds to the progress by the customer towards earning the discount/ incentive.

## Other Operating Revenues

## a. Revenue from Operations and Maintenance (O&amp;M) Contracts

Revenue from Windmill Operations and Maintenance (O&amp;M) contracts are recognized, where  the  performance  obligations  are  satisfied over time and where there is no uncertainty as to measurement  or  collectability  of  consideration and  is  recognized  ratably  over  the  term  of  the underlying maintenance arrangement.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## b. Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) Income

Income arising from REC is initially recognised in respect of the number of units of power exported at the minimum expected realisable value, determined  based  on  the  rates  specified  under the relevant regulations duly considering the entitlements  as  per  the  policy,  industry  specific developments, Management assessment etc and when there is no uncertainty in realising the same. The  difference  between  the  amount  recognised initially  and  the  amount  realised  on  sale  of  such REC's at the Power Exchange are accounted for as and when such sale happens.

The issuance fee incurred for registering the RECs are reduced from the REC income.

## c. Other Revenues

Income in the form of Generation Based Incentives are  accounted  for  in  the  year  of  generation  for eligible  Units  when  there  is  no  uncertainty  in receiving the same.

Income from services is recognized upon rendering services, in accordance with the terms of contract.

The  Company  presents  revenues  net  of  indirect taxes in its statement of Profit and loss.

## Other Income

Dividend  from  investments  is  recognised  when  the shareholder's  right  to  receive  payment  is  established and it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Company and the amount can be measured reliably.

Interest  from financial assets is recognised when it is probable  that  the  economic  benefits  will  flow  to  the Company and the amount of income can be measured reliably. Interest is accrued on a time basis, by reference to the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated  future  cash  receipts  through  the  expected life  of  the  financial  asset  to  that  asset's  net  carrying amount on initial recognition.

Insurance  claims  are  accounted  for  on  the  basis  of claims  admitted/expected  to  be  admitted  and  to  the extent  that  the  amount  recoverable  can  be  measured reliably and it is reasonable to expect ultimate collection.

## 3.10  Retirement &amp; Other employee benefits

Employee benefits are accrued in the period in which the associated services are rendered by employees of the Company, as detailed below:

## Defined contribution plans

The Company's contribution to State Governed provident fund  scheme,  Employee  State  Insurance  scheme  and Employee pension scheme are considered as defined contribution plans and expenses are recognized in the Statement of Profit and Loss based on the amount of contribution required to be made and when services are rendered by the employees.

## Defined benefit plans

The  cost  of  the  defined benefit plans and the present value of the defined benefit obligation are recognised based  on  actuarial  valuation  as  on  the  balance  sheet date using the projected unit credit method. An actuarial valuation  involves  making  various  assumptions  that may  differ  from  actual  developments  in  the  future. These include the determination of the discount rate, future salary increases and mortality rates. Due to the complexities involved in the valuation and its long term nature, a defined benefit obligation is highly sensitive to changes in these assumptions. All assumptions are reviewed at each reporting date.

The Company accrues for liability towards Gratuity which is a defined benefit plan. The present value of obligation under such defined benefit plan is determined based on actuarial valuation as at the balance sheet date, using the  Projected  Unit  Credit  Method.  Re-measurements comprising of Actuarial gains and losses are recognized in the statement of Other comprehensive income in the period  in  which  they  occur  and  are  not  deferred.  Remeasurements are not reclassified to the Statement of Profit and Loss in subsequent periods.

In  accordance  with  Indian  law,  the  company  and  its subsidiaries in India operate a scheme of gratuity which is a defined benefit plan. The gratuity plan provides for a lump sum payment to vested employees at retirement, death while in employment  or on termination of employment of an amount equivalent to 15 days' salary payable  for  each  completed  year  of  service.  Vesting occurs  upon  completion  of  five  continuous  years  of service.  The  Company  formed  a  trust  for  making  the contributions.  These  contributions  are  classified  as

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

plan  assets  and  the  corpus  is  managed  by  the  Life Insurance Corporation of India.

The plan assets are adjusted against the gratuity liability. Any excess of Plan assets over the liability is grouped under non-current/current assets respectively.

## Benefits for short term compensated absences

Short  term  employee  benefits  at  the  Balance  Sheet date, including short term compensated absences, are recognized as an expense as per the Company's scheme based  on  expected  obligations  on  an  undiscounted basis.

## Benefits for long term compensated absences

The Company accounts for its liability towards long term compensated absences based on the actuarial valuation done as at the Balance Sheet date by an independent actuary using the Projected Unit Credit Method.

All gains/losses due to actuarial valuations are immediately recognized in the Statement of profit and loss.

## 3.11   Government grants

Government grants, including non-monetary grants at fair value, are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance  that  the  Company  will  comply  with  the conditions attached to them and that the grants will be received.

Government  grants  whose  primary  condition  is  that the Company should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire  non-current  assets  and  non-monetary  grants are  recognised  and  disclosed  as  'deferred  income' as non-current liability in the Balance Sheet and recognised  in  the  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  on  a systematic  basis  over  the  useful  lives  of  the  related assets.

## 3.12   Foreign Currencies

The  functional  currency  of  the  Company  is  Indian Rupees which represents the currency of the primary economic environment in which it operates.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  transactions  in currencies  other  than  the  entity's  functional  currency (foreign  currencies)  are  recognised  at  the  rates  of exchange  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions. At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  monetary  items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried  at  fair  value  that  are  denominated  in  foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost in  a  foreign  currency  are  not  retranslated.  Exchange differences on monetary items are recognised in Statement of profit and loss in the period in which they arise except for:

- (i) exchange differences on foreign currency borrowings relating to assets under construction for  future  productive  use,  which  are  included  in the cost of those assets when they are regarded as an adjustment to interest costs on those foreign currency borrowings.

## 3.13   Borrowing Costs

Borrowing costs specifically identified to the acquisition or construction  of qualifying assets is capitalized as part of such assets. A qualifying asset is one that necessarily takes substantial period of time to get ready for intended use. All other borrowing costs are charged to the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Capitalisation  of  borrowing  costs  is  suspended  and charged  to  the  Statement  of  Profit  and  Loss  during extended periods when active development activity on the qualifying assets is interrupted.

Interest  income  earned  on  temporary  investment  of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalization. Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to a qualifying asset are recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss using the effective interest method.

## 3.14   Financial instruments

Financial  assets and financial liabilities are recognised when  Company  becomes  a  party  to  the  contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial    assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  initially measured  at  fair  value.  Transaction  costs  that  are directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  (other  than financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  at  fair  value through profit or loss) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

directly attributable  to the acquisition  of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

## 3.14.1 Financial assets

All  regular  way  purchases  or  sales  of  financial  assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the marketplace.

All recognised financial assets are subsequently measured  in  their  entirety  at  either  amortised  cost or  fair  value,  depending  on  the  classification  of  the financial assets.

## Classification of financial assets

Debt  instruments  that  meet  the  following  conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost (except for debt instruments that are designated as at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition):

- the  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose objective  is  to  hold  assets  in  order  to  collect contractual cash flows; and
- the  contractual terms of the instrument give rise on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Debt instruments that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at fair value through other comprehensive income (except for debt instruments that are designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition):

- the  asset  is  held  within  a  business  model  whose objective is achieved both by collecting contractual cash flows and selling financial assets; and
- the  contractual terms of the instrument give rise on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are  solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

Changes  in  the  carrying  amount  of  FVTOCI  monetary financial assets relating to changes in foreign currency rates  are  recognised  in  statement  of  profit  and  loss. Other changes  in the  carrying  amount  of  FVTOCI

financial assets are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated under the heading of 'Reserve for  debt  instruments  through  other  comprehensive income'.  When  the  investment  is  disposed  of  or  is determined to be impaired, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in this reserve is reclassified to statement of profit and loss.

All other financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value.

## Amortised cost and Effective interest method

The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a debt instrument and of allocating interest income over the relevant period. The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future  cash  receipts  (including  all  fees  and points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums  or  discounts)  through  the  expected  life  of the  debt  instrument,  or,  where  appropriate,  a  shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

Income  is  recognised  on  an  effective  interest  basis for debt instruments other than those financial assets classified as at FVTPL. Interest income is recognised in statement of profit and loss and is included in the 'Other income' line item.

## Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI

On initial  recognition,  the  Company  can  make  an irrevocable  election  (on  an  instrument-by-instrument basis) to present the subsequent changes in fair value in other comprehensive income pertaining to investments in equity instruments. This election is not permitted if the equity investment is held for trading. These elected investments  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  plus transaction costs. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with gains and losses arising from changes in fair  value  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income and accumulated in the 'Reserve for equity instruments through other comprehensive income'. The cumulative gain or loss is not reclassified to statement of profit and loss on disposal of the investments.

A financial asset is held for trading if:

- It has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
- On  initial  recognition  it  is  part  of  a  portfolio  of identified financial instruments that the Company

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

- It  is  a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument or a financial guarantee.

Changes in the carrying amount of investments in equity instruments  at  FVTOCI  relating  to  changes  in  foreign currency rates are recognised in other comprehensive income.

## Impairment of financial assets

Loss allowance for expected credit losses is recognised for financial assets measured at amortised cost and fair value through other comprehensive income.

Loss  allowance  equal  to  the  lifetime  expected  credit losses is  recognised if  the  credit  risk  on  the  financial instruments  has  significantly  increased  since  initial recognition. For financial instruments whose credit risk has not significantly increased since initial recognition, loss allowance equal to twelve months expected credit losses are recognised.

In  accordance with Ind AS 109 - Financial Instruments, the Company follows ' simplified approach' for recognition  of  impairment  loss  allowance  on  trade receivables wherein impairment loss allowance based on  lifetime  expected  credit  losses  at  each  reporting date, are recognized right from its initial recognition.

## Derecognition of financial assets

The Company  derecognises  a  financial asset only when  the  contractual  rights  to  the  cash  flows  from the asset expire, or it transfers the financial asset and substantially all risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. If the Company neither transfers nor  retains  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of ownership  and  continues  to  control  the  transferred asset,  the  Company  recognises  its  retained  interest in the assets and an associated liability for amounts it may have to pay. If the Company retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial  asset,  the  Company  continues  to  recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing of the proceeds received.

## 3.14.2 Financial Liabilities and Equity Instruments

## Classification as debt or equity

Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  issued  by the Company are classified according to the substance of  the  contractual  arrangements  entered  into  and the  definitions  of  a  financial  liability  and  an  equity instrument.

## Equity instruments

An  equity  instrument is any contract that evidences a residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  the  Company  after deducting  all  of  its  liabilities.  Equity  instruments  are recorded at the proceeds received, net of direct issue costs.

## Financial Liabilities

Trade and other payables are initially measured at fair value,  net  of  transaction  costs,  and  are  subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method.

Interest-bearing bank loans, overdrafts and issued debt are initially measured at fair value and are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate  method.  Any  difference  between  the  proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the settlement or redemption of borrowings is recognised over the term of  the  borrowings  in  accordance  with  the  Company's accounting policy for borrowing costs.

## Financial  guarantee contracts

A  financial guarantee contract is a contract that requires the issuer to make specified payments to reimburse the holder  for  a  loss  it  incurs  because  a  specified  debtor fails  to  make  payments  when  due  in  accordance  with the terms of a debt instrument.

Financial  guarantee  contracts issued by the Company are  initially  measured  at  their  fair  values  and,  if  not designated as at FVTPL, are subsequently measured at the higher of:

- a. the amount  of loss allowance determined in accordance with impairment requirements of Ind AS 109; and
- b. the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate,  the  cumulative  amount  of  income recognised  in  accordance  with  the  principles  of Ind AS 115.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Company derecognises financial liabilities when,  and  only  when,  the  Company's  obligations  are discharged,  cancelled  or  they  expire.  The  difference

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

between  the  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  liability derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

Financial assets and  financial liabilities are offset when the Company has a legally enforceable right (not contingent on future events) to off-set the recognised amounts either to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously

## 3.15    Loans  and  advances  to  subsidiaries  (including  step down subdisiaries) and associates

Interest  free  loans/loans  (extended  at  interest  rates less  than  the  Company's  borrowing  rate)  provided  to subsidiaries and associates are recognized at fair value on  the  date  of  disbursement  and  the  difference  on fair  valuation  is  recognized  as  deemed  investment  in such  subsidiary/  associate.  Such  deemed  investment is  added to the carrying amount of investments if any in  such  subsidiary/associate.  Loans  are  accounted  at amortized cost method using effective interest rate. If there is an early repayment of loan, the proportionate amount of  the  deemed  investment  recognized  earlier shall be adjusted.

## 3.16  Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings per share are computed by dividing the net  profit  after  tax  by  the  weighted  average  number of  equity  shares  outstanding  during  the  year.  Diluted earnings  per  share  is  computed  by  dividing  the  profit after  tax  by  the  weighted  average  number  of  equity shares considered for deriving basic earnings per share and also the weighted average number of equity shares that  could  have  been  issued  upon  conversion  of  all dilutive potential equity shares.

Further,  the  Basic  and  Diluted  earnings  per  share attributable to the equity shareholders of the company are presented separately for continuing and discontinuing operations for the year.

## 3.17  Impairment of Non-financial assets

At  each  balance  sheet  date,  the  Company  assesses whether there is any indication that any property, plant and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives may be impaired. If any such indication exists the recoverable amount of an asset is estimated to determine the extent of  impairment,  if  any.  The  Recoverable  amount  is  the higher of fair value less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a  pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If the recoverable amount  of an asset (or  cashgenerating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying value  amount,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or cash-generating  unit)  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in statement of profit and loss.

## 3.18    Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets

Provisions  are  recognised  when  the  Company  has  a present  obligation  (legal  or  constructive)  as  a  result of  past events, it is probable that the Company will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The  amount  recognised  as  a  provision  is  the  best estimate  of  the  consideration  required  to  settle  the present obligation  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its  carrying  amount is  the  present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

Contingent assets are disclosed in the Financial Statements by way of notes to accounts when an inflow of economic benefits is probable.

Contingent  liabilities  are  disclosed  in  the  Financial Statements by way of notes to accounts, unless possibility of an outflow of resources  embodying economic benefit is remote.

## 3.19  Operating Segment

Operating segments reflect the Company's management structure  and  the  way  the  financial  information  is regularly  reviewed  by  the  Company's  Chief  Operating Decision Maker (CODM). The CODM  considers the business from both business and product perspective based  on  the  dominant  source,  nature  of  risks  and returns and the internal organisation and management structure.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Ind  AS  108  operating  segment  requires  Management to determine the reportable segments for the purpose of  disclosure  in  financial  statements  based  on  the internal  reporting  reviewed  by  the  CODM  to  assess performance and allocate resource. The standard also required Management to make judgments with respect to recognition of segments. Accordingly, the Company recognizes Windmill Operation and Maintenance services as its sole segment.

## 3.20 Operating Cycle

All assets and liabilities have been classified as current or non-current as per the Company's normal operating cycle  and  other  criteria  set  out  in  Notes  forming  part of  these  financial  statements.  Based  on  the  nature of products and services and the time between the  acquisition  of  assets  for  processing  and  their realisation  in  cash  and  cash  equivalent,  the  Company has ascertained its operating cycle as 12 months for the purpose  of  current  and  non-current  classification  of assets and liabilities.

## 3.21  Non-Current Assets classified as held for sale

Non-current assets  (including disposal groups)  are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than  through  continuing  use  and  a  sale  is  considered highly probable.

Non-current assets  classified  as  held  for sale are measured  at  lower  of  their  carrying  amount  and  fair value less cost to sell.   Non-current assets classified as held for sale are not depreciated or amortised from the date when they are classified as held for sale.

Non-current assets classified as held for sale and the assets  and  liabilities  of  a  disposal  group  classified  as held  for  sale  are  presented  separately  from  the  other assets and liabilities in the Balance Sheet.

A  discontinued operation is a component of the entity that has been disposed off or is classified as held for sale and:

- represents  a  separate  major  line  of  business  or geographical area of operations and;
- is  part of a single co-ordinated plan to dispose of such a line of business or area of operations.

The  results  of  discontinued  operations  are  presented separately in the Statement of Profit and Loss.

## 4. Critical accounting assumptions:

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity with Ind AS requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions, that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported  amounts of assets  and  liabilities,  disclosures  of  contingent liabilities  at  the  date  of  the  financial  statements  and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses for the years presented. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  to  accounting  estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

In particular, information about significant areas of estimation, uncertainty and critical judgments in  applying  accounting  policies  that  have  the  most significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognized  in  the financial statements pertain to:

## 4.1 Useful  lives  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  and intangible assets:

The  Company  has  estimated  useful  life  of  each  class of assets based on the nature of assets, the estimated usage of the asset, the operating condition of the asset, past history of replacement, anticipated technological changes, etc. The Company reviews the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets at the end of each reporting period. This reassessment may result in change in depreciation expense in future periods.

Depreciation on Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  is provided pro-rata for the periods of use on the straight line  method  (SLM)  on  the  basis  of  useful  life  of  the property, plant and equipment mandated by Part C of Schedule  II  of  the  Companies  Act,  2013  or  the  useful life  determined  by  the  company  based  on  technical evaluation, whichever is lower, taking into account the nature of the asset, the estimated usage of the asset, the  operating  conditions  of  the  asset,  past  history  of replacement,    maintenance  support,  as  per  details given below:

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Description  Useful life  Property, Plant and Equipment-  Wind energy generators  22 - 27 years  Buildings  30 years  Roads and civil structures  4 years  Furniture and Fixtures  10 years  Vehicles  10 years  Office Equipment  5 years  Computers  3 years  Intangible assets - Software  3 years  Intangible  assets  -  Technical  know  how  10 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.2 Impairment  of  tangible  and  intangible  assets  other than goodwill

Property, plant and equipment and Intangible assets are tested for impairment when events occur or changes in circumstances indicate that the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit is less than its carrying value. The  recoverable  amount  of  cash  generating  units  is higher  of  value-in-use  and  fair  value  less  cost  to  sell. The  calculation  involves  use  of  significant  estimates and assumptions which includes turnover and earnings multiples, growth rates and net margins used to calculate  projected  future  cash  flows,  risk-adjusted discount rate, future economic and market conditions.

In  assessing  value  in  use,  the  estimated  future  cash flows  are  discounted  to  their  present  value  using  a pre-tax  discount  rate  that  reflects  current  market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

At  each  Balance  Sheet  date,  consideration  is  given to determine whether there is any indication of impairment  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  Company's assets. If any indication exists, estimation is made for the  asset's  recoverable  amount,  which  is  the  greater of the fair value less cost to sell and the value in use. An impairment loss, if any, is recognized whenever the carrying  amount  of  an  asset  exceeds  the  recoverable amount.

Impairment losses of continuing operations, including impairment  on  inventories,  if  any,  are  recognized  in statement of profit and loss.

## 4.3 Provision against investments / Loans and Advances to Subsidiaries and Associate

The  management  taking  into  account  the  present operations  of  the  Company,  proposed  restructuring, future business prospects etc. makes provision towards impairment on the carrying value of investments in the subsidiaries  and  Associate  and  loans  and  advances given to them.

## 4.4 Application  of  interpretation  for  Service  Concession Arrangements (SCA)

Management has assessed applicability of Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standards 115: Service Concession Arrangements for the power purchase agreement which the company has entered into. In assessing the applicability  of  SCA,  the  management  has  exercised significant  judgement  in  relation  to  the  underlying ownership of the assets, the attached risks and rewards  of  ownership,  residual  interest  and  the  fact that secondary lease periods are not at nominal lease rentals etc. in concluding that the arrangements don't meet the criteria for recognition as service concession arrangements.

## 4.5 Employee Benefits - Defined  benefit obligation (DBO)

Management's  estimate  of  the  DBO  is  based  on  a number of critical underlying assumptions such as  standard  rates  of  inflation,  medical  cost  trends, mortality, discount  rate  and  anticipation  of future salary  increases.  Variation  in  these  assumptions  may significantly  impact  the  DBO  amount  and  the  annual defined benefit expenses.

## 4.6 Events after the Reporting Period

Adjusting events are events that provide further evidence  of  conditions  that  existed  at  the  end  of  the reporting period. The financial statements are adjusted for such events before authorization for issue.

Non-adjusting  events  are  events  that  are  indicative of conditions that arose after the end of the reporting period.  Non-adjusting  events  after  the  reporting  date are not accounted, but disclosed if material.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Tangible Assets  Intangible Assets  Owned Assets  Total  Property,  plant and  equipment  (5a)  Owned Assets  Furniture  and Fixtures  Vehicles  Office  Equipments  Computers  Software  Technical  knowhow  Total  Intangible  Assets (5b)  Gross Carrying Amount  As at April 1, 2021  13  5  17  5  40  15  -  15  Additions  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Less: Disposals/Transfers  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Gross carrying amount as at March 31, 2022  13  5  17  5  40  15  -  15  Additions  -  -  -  -  -  2  -  -  Less: Disposals/transfers  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Less : Closing Gross Carrying Amount as at  March 31, 2023  13  5  17  5  40  17  -  15  Accumulated Depreciation/ Amortization  Balance at April 1, 2021  13  5  17  5  40  9  -  9  Depreciation/ Amortisation charge during the  year  -  -  -  -  -  3  -  3  Less: Disposals/transfers  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Closing Balance as at March 31, 2022  13  5  17  5  40  12  -  12  Depreciation/ Amortisation charge during the  year  -  -  -  -  -  3  -  3  Less: Disposals/transfers  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Closing Balance as at March 31,2023  13  5  17  5  40  15  -  15  Net Carrying Amount as at March 31, 2022  -  -  -  -  -  3  -  3  Net Carrying Amount as at March 31, 2023  -  -  -  -  -  2  -  2   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Notes

- 5 .1 All the above assets are owned by the Company, other than the Right of use assets.
- 5.2 Depreciation, Amortisation and Impairment for the year comprises of the following:
- 5.3 All the title deeds in respect of immovable properties ( including assets classified as held for sale) are in the name of company and are not held jointly.
- 5.4 There are no proceedings initiated or pending against the company for holding any benami property held under the Prohibition of Benami Property Transactions Act, 1988
- 5.5 There are no revaluations to the PPE/intangible assets of the company during the year/previous year.

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  a)  Depreciation / Amortization  - Continuing Operations  - Property, Plant and Equipment  -  -  - Intangible Assets  3  3  Total  3  3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 6 : Non Current Investments

| Particulars  Face Value Per Share  (Rupees, unless  otherwise stated)  As at 31-Mar-2023  As at 31-Mar-2022  Amount  Number of  Shares  Amount  Number of  Shares  Investments - (Unquoted, fully paid up)  Investment in Equity Shares of Subsidiaries:  (a)  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  % $ (Refer note - 6.2)  10  4,936  2,61,24,534  4,936  2,61,24,534  (b)  Gamma Green Power Private Limited $  10  3,368  2,02,45,053  3,368  2,02,45,053  (c)  Orient Green Power (Europe) B.V. &amp;  EUR 1  3,355  54,33,000  3,355  54,33,000  (d)  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  $ &amp;  10  5,045  7,17,09,279  5,045  7,17,09,279  Investment in Equity Shares of Associate:  (a)  Pallavi Power and Mines Limited (Refer note 6.5)  100  -  -  720  7,20,000  Total - Equity Shares, Unquoted  16,704  17,424  Deemed Equity as Investments  Investments in deemed equity of subsidiaries (Refer  Note 6.2 to 6.4)  53,363  53,367  53,363  53,367  Less: Provision for Diminution in Value of  Investments  (3,295)  (4,019)  Total Investment value  66,772  66,772   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

% Covered by a non disposal undertaking given to lenders.

$ All Shares have been pledged with lenders,  for loans obtained by the subsidiaries/ step down subsidiaries.

&amp; These subsidiaries are wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Notes :

- 6.1 Considering accumulated losses in one of the subsidiaries viz. Beta Wind Farm Private Limited, the company has  tested the Investments of Rs. 57,163 lakhs in Equity instruments and Loan of Rs. 34,196 lakhs for impairment/credit losses during the year. Such testing which was carried out on the basis of net present value of projected cash flows of the subsidiary approved by the management of the company did not reveal any losses. The impairment testing shall be reviewed by the company on an annual basis or at shorter intervals if the situation so warrants. Further, during the year, the company tested the Plant and Equipment of its material subsidiaries, Beta Wind Farm Private Limited and Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited(Subsidiary of Bharath Wind Farm Limited) for impairment. Such testing conducted by an independent technical expert and approved by the management did not result in any impairment losses.
- 6.2 The amount of  Rs. 53,363 lakhs ( As at 31 March, 2022 Rs.53,367 lakhs ) shown as Investment in deemed equity in respect of subsidiaries towards fair value of interest free/ subsidized loans and investments in 6% Cumulative Redeemable Preference shares.
- 6.3 The  company had invested Rs. 86,423 Lakhs in Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares issued by its subsidiary Beta Wind Farm Private Limited (Beta). In accordance with Ind AS 109, 'Financial Instruments' the said investments in Preference shares has been treated as a loan given by the company and accordingly is carried at amortised cost. The difference between the amount invested and the net present value is accounted as Investment in nature of Equity.
- 6.4 Categorisation of Investments -  as per Ind AS 109 Classification
- 6.5 During  the  year,  the  company  disposed  its  entire  shareholding  held  in  M/s.  Pallavi  Power  and  Mines  Limited,  associate company. This investment is adequately provided for in earlier years and hence no impairment is required during the year.

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  Financial Assets measured at cost  66,772  66,772   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 7 : Loans- Non current

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a) Loans Receivables considered good - Secured  -  -  (b) Loans Receivables considered good - Unsecured  (Refer Note 7.1 below)  34,953  35,194  (c) Loans Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -  -  (d) Loans Receivables - credit impaired (Refer Note 7.2 below)  7,041  6,867  Less: Impairment Allowance  (7,041)  (6,867)  Total  34,953  35,194   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- 7.1 The  company  had  invested  Rs.  86,423  Lakhs(including  premium  of  Rs.  40,937  Lakhs)    in  45,48,59,455  6%  Cumulative Redeemable Preference Shares issued by its subsidiary Beta Wind Farm Private Limited (Beta). In accordance with Ind AS 109, 'Financial Instruments' the said investments in Preference shares has been treated as a loan given by the parent and accordingly is carried at amortised cost. The amount of Rs. 52,227 lakhs being the difference between the amount invested and the net present value of Rs. 34,196 lakhs is accounted as investment in nature of equity. The Net Present value of Rs. 34,196 lakhs is treated as loan to Beta. In view of accumulated losses of Beta, considering  the provisions of Companies Act, 2013 and the agreement Beta has with its consortium bankers, no dividend has been declared by Beta so far and hence on a prudent basis, no income has been accrued on this amount.
- 7.2 The amount disclosed as credit impaired represent amounts paid to Orient Green Power (Europe) BV (subsidiary), Sanjog Sugars and Eco Power Private Limited, Statt Agra Ventures Private Limited, Statt Green Power Private Limited.
- 7.3 No loans or advances which are in the nature of loans have been granted by company to promoters, directors, KMPs and the related parties (as defined under the Companies Act, 2013) either severally or jointly with any other person.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 8: Other Financial Assets- Non Current

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  Unsecured, Considered good unless otherwise stated  (a)  Interest Receivable on Loan to Related Parties - credit impaired  843  830  (b)  Interest Receivable on Loan to others - credit impaired  1,642  1,642  Less: Impairment allowance  (2,485)  (2,472)  Total  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 9 : Non-Current Tax Assets

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Advance Income Tax (Net of Provisions)  50  298  Total  50  298   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 10 : Other Non-Current Assets

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Balance held as margin money with banks  106  106  Total  106  106   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 11 : Current Investments

| Particulars  Face  Value Per  Share  As at 31-Mar-2023  As at 31-Mar-2022  Amount  Number of  Shares  Amount  Number of  Shares  Investments - Unquoted, fully paid up  Investment in Equity Shares of Subsidiaries  (a)  Orient Green Power (Maharashtra) Private Limited  (Refer Note 11.1)  10.00  1,900  1,90,00,000  1,900  1,90,00,000  Less: Payable towards investments  (1,900)  (1,900)  Total  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- 11.1 During  the  previous  year,  the  Board  gave  its  in-principle  approval  to  liquidate  Orient  Green  Power  (Maharashtra)  Private Limited  and is in the process of voluntary strike off. During the year ended 31 March 2018, the Company was allotted shares worth Rs.1,899.98 lakhs in M/s. Orient Green Power (Maharashtra) Private Limited for consideration other than in cash towards the proposed slump sale. Accordingly, the consideration payable has been adjusted against the carrying value of investment.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 12: Trade Receivables

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  A.  Trade receivables  (a) Trade Receivables considered good - Secured  -  -  (b) Trade Receivables considered good - Unsecured  -  243  (c)  Trade Receivables which have significant increase in Credit Risk  -  -  (d) Trade Receivables - credit impaired  243  111  Less: Allowances for credit losses  (243)  (111)  B.  Unbilled revenue  141  123  Total  141  366   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

12.1 The average credit period for trade receivables is 30 days.

12.2    There are no amounts due from the directors or other officers of the Company or any of them either severally or jointly with any other person or debts due from firms including Limited Liability Partnerships (LLPs), private companies, respectively, in which any director or other officer is a partner or a director or a member.

## 12.3  Ageing of receivables

Ageing as at March 31, 2023

| Particulars  Not due  Outstanding for following periods from due date of  payment  Total  Less than  6 months  6 months  -  1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  3 years  Trade Receivables- Billed  Undisputed trade receivables- considered  good  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Undisputed trade receivables- which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Undisputed trade receivables- credit  impaired  -  -  -  -  -  243  243  Disputed trade receivables- considered  good  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disputed trade receivables- which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disputed trade receivables- credit  impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  243  243  Less: Allowance for doubtful trade  receivables - billed  (243)  Trade Receivables- Billed (Net)  -  Trade Receivables- Unbilled  141  Total  -  -  -  -  -  243  141   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Ageing as at March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Not due  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment  Total  Less than  6 months  6 months -  1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  More than  3 years  Trade Receivables- Billed  Undisputed trade receivables- considered  good  -  -  -  -  243  -  243  Undisputed trade receivables- which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Undisputed trade receivables- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  111  111  Disputed trade receivables- considered good  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disputed trade receivables- which have  significant increase in credit risk  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disputed trade receivables- credit impaired  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  243  111  354  Less: Allowance for doubtful trade receivables  - billed  (111)  Trade Receivables- Billed (Net)  243  Trade receivables - unbilled  123  Total  -  -  -  -  243  111  366   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

12.4. Movement of Impairment for doubtful receivables

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  Balance at beginning of the year  (111)  (111)  Add: Allowance for credit risk  (243)  -  Less: Provision reversed during the year  71  -  Less: Other adjustments/ transfers  40  -  Balance at end of the year  (243)  (111)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

12.5 Also refer note- 39(a)(VII)

## Note 13 : Cash and cash equivalents

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  A.  Cash and Cash Equivalents  (a)  Cash on hand  -  -  (b)  Balances with banks  (i)  In current accounts  24  27  (ii)  In foreign currency accounts  56  -  Cash and Cash Equivalents (A)  80  27  B.  Other Bank Balances  -  -  Total (A +B)  80  27   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 14: Other Financial Asset (Current)

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Interest accrued on deposits  1  1  (b)  Receivables from disposal of investments (Refer note 14.2 below)  -  57  Less: Impairment allowance  -  (57)  (c)  Other receivables (Refer note 14.3 below)  156  -  Total  157  1   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

14.1. Refer note 36 on discontinued operations.

14.2 During  the  previous  year,  the  company  disinvested  its  entire  shareholding  in  statt  orient  energy  private  limited. The investment was adequately provided in earlier years.  Considering the economic turmoil in Sri Lanka and delay in repatriation due to restrictions imposed on transactions involving foreign exchange, the company made full provision on these receivables on a prudent basis during the previous year. However, the proceeds were credited to the overseas account during the year and the company is in the process of repatriating these proceeds.

- 14.3. During the year, the company received Eur 130,000 as interest on loan from one of its subsidiaries Orient Green Power (Europe) B.V. However the funds were credited to the Company's account subsequent to balance sheet date . Accordingly, its equivalent Indian rupee amount is classified as other receivables as at balance sheet date.

## Note 15: Other Current Assets

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Prepaid Expenses (Refer note 15.1)  54  81  (b)  Advance for Expenses  2  -  (c)  Balance with GST &amp; other state authorities  42  29  Total  98  110   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

15.1      Prepaid  expenses  include  Rs.38Lakhs  incurred  towards  rights  issue  preparatory  work.  This  shall  be  adjusted  against securities premium upon completion of the issue. Also refer note- 44.

## Note 16: Assets classified as held for sale

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Land (Refer Note 16.1 &amp; 16.2)  177  177  (b)    Investments, Loans and Advances and Interest receivable (Refer Note. 16.2,  16.3 and 16.4)  5,432  5,436  (c)  Other Assets (Refer Note 16.2)  300  300  5,909  5,913  Less: Impairment recognized to arrive at Net Realizable Value  (5,816)  (5,795)  Total  93  118   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

- 16.1 The  Company  intends  to  dispose  land  acquired  for  development  of  Energy  plantation.  Considering  the  market  value, impairment has been recognized as and when the situation warrants. Accordingly, an impairment of Rs.25 lakhs (previous year -  Rs. 60 lakhs) has been recognized during the year.  The Company  is in negotiation with some potential buyers and expects that the fair value less costs to sell the land will be higher than the net carrying value.
- 16.2    Refer note 36 on discontinued operations
- 16.3    The  Board  of  directors  of  the  Company  in  its  meeting  held  on  January  24,  2018  accorded  its  approval  to  dispose  the investments in one of its subsidiaries, viz., Amrit Environmental Technologies Private Limited(AETPL), subject to approvals from secured creditors and other regulators. Accordingly, the company transferred 26% of the shares in AETPL during the year 2018-19.
- 16.4    The  liabilities  directly  associated  with  assets  classified  as  held  for  sale  have  been  identified  by  the  management  under Note 26.

## Note 17 : Share Capital

| Particulars  As at 31 March, 2023  As at 31 March, 2022  Number of Shares  Amount in  lakhs  Number of Shares  Amount in lakhs  (a)  Authorised (Refer note 17.8 below)  Equity shares of Rs. 10 each with voting rights  1,30,00,00,000  1,30,000  80,00,00,000  80,000  Preference shares of Rs. 10 each  30,00,00,000  30,000  -  -  (b)  Issued  Equity shares of  Rs. 10 each with voting rights  75,07,23,977  75,072  75,07,23,977  75,072  (c)    Subscribed and fully paid up  Equity shares of Rs.10 each with voting rights  75,07,23,977  75,072  75,07,23,977  75,072  Total  75,07,23,977  75,072  75,07,23,977  75,072   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

## 17.1 Reconciliation of the number of shares and amount outstanding at the beginning and at the end of the reporting period:

| Particulars  Opening Balance  Fresh issue  Closing Balance  Equity shares with voting rights  Year ended 31 March, 2023  - Number of shares  75,07,23,977  -  75,07,23,977  - Amount (Rs. In lakhs)  75,072  -  75,072  Year ended 31 March, 2022  - Number of shares  75,07,23,977  -  75,07,23,977  - Amount (Rs. In lakhs)  75,072  -  75,072   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 17.2  Terms and Rights attached to equity shares

- i. The company has only one class of equity shares having a par value of Rs.10 each. Each shareholder of equity shares is entitled to one vote per share.
- ii. In the event of liquidation, the equity shareholders will be entitled to receive the remaining assets of the company, after distribution of all preferential amounts, in proportion to shareholding.

## 17.3  Details of shares held by each shareholder holding more than 5% shares:

| Class of shares / Name of shareholder  As at 31 March, 2023  As at 31 March, 2022  Number of  shares held  % holding in that  class of shares  Number of  shares held  % holding in that  class of shares  Equity shares with voting rights  (a)  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  24,38,08,809  32.4765%  25,88,08,809  34.4746%  (Refer note-17.7 below)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.4  Disclosure of shareholding of promoters

Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2023

| Particulars  Shares held by promoters  % change  during the year  As at March 31, 2023  As at March 31, 2022  No. of shares  % of total  shares  No. of shares  % of total  shares  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  24,38,08,809  32.4765%  25,88,08,809  34.4746%  -1.99%  Nivedana Power Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  Syandana Energy Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SVL Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SEPC Limited  3,86,526  0.0515%  3,86,526  0.0515%  0.00%  Total  24,42,10,335  32.5301%  25,92,10,335  34.5282%  -1.99%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Disclosure of shareholding of promoters as at March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Shares held by promoters  % change  during the year  As at March 31, 2022  As at March 31, 2021  No. of shares  % of total  shares  No. of shares  % of total  shares  Janati Bio Power Private Limited  25,88,08,809  34.4746%  36,54,11,114  48.6745%  -14.20%  Nivedana Power Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  Syandana Energy Private Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SVL Limited  5,000  0.0007%  5,000  0.0007%  0.00%  SEPC Limited  3,86,526  0.0515%  3,86,526  0.0515%  0.00%  Total  25,92,10,335  34.5282%  36,58,12,640  48.7281%  -14.20%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

- 17.5 Aggregate Number and Class of Shares-  allotted as Fully paid up Bonus shares (or) issued for consideration other than cash (or) shares bought back for the Period of 5 Years Immediately Preceding the Balance Sheet Date - Nil.
- 17.6 Shares reserved for issue under options and contracts or commitments for the sale of shares or disinvestment, including the terms and amounts - Nil.
- 17.7 During the year, one of our promoters, M/s. Janati Bio Power Private Limited (JBPL),  informed the Stock Exchanges under Regulation 31 of the SEBI (Substantial Acquisition of shares and Takeover) Regulations, 2011 that 15,000,000 Equity Shares of the Company has been invoked by M/s. Axis Trustee Services limited out of 40,000,000 Shares pledged for a loan taken by one of the associates of JBPL, not being the company or its subsidiaries. Subsequent to this invocation, the holding of M/s. Janati Bio Power Private Limited in the company is 32.48%.
- 17.8    During the year, the company increased the share capital from Rs.80,000 Lakhs (divided into 800,000,000 equity shares of Rs.10 each) to Rs. 1,60,000 Lakhs consisting Rs. 1,30,000 Lakhs (divided into  1,300,000,000 equity shares of Rs. 10 each) and Rs.30,000 Lakhs (divided into 300,000,000 preference shares of Rs. 10 each).
- 17.9 Also refer note- 44

## Note 18: Other Equity

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  Reserves and Surplus  (a)  Securities premium account  80,203  80,203  (b)  Retained earnings  (81,546)  (81,860)  Other Comprehensive Income  (c)  Remeasurement of defined benefit obligations  (14)  5  Total  (1,357)  (1,652)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

18.1 Movement in the Reserves for the year has been presented under

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Securities premium account  Opening balance  80,203  80,203  Add : Premium on securities issued during the year  -  -  Closing balance  80,203  80,203  (b)  Retained earnings  Opening balance  (81,860)  (79,687)  Add: Profit/(Loss) for the year  314  (2,173)  Closing balance  (81,546)  (81,860)  (c)  Remeasurement of Defined benefit plans  Opening balance  5  2  Add: Additions during the year  -  3  Less: Reversed during the year  (19)  -  Closing balance  (14)  5  Total  (1,357)  (1,652)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Note 19 : Financial Liabilities -Borrowings

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Term loans  From Banks - Secured  1,440  2,150  Less: Unamortized processing fee  (6)  (10)  (b)  Loans taken from related parties- Unsecured  26,393  26,512  (c)  Loans taken from other parties- Unsecured  500  -  Total  28,327  28,652   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

19.1 The company has been regular in the repayment of dues and interest corresponding to the above loan.

19.2  For the current maturities of Long term debt, refer items (a) and (b) in  'Current Borrowings' in Note 22.

19.3  The company is not declared as wilful defaulter by any bank or financial institution or other lender.

19.4    The company registered charges/ satisfaction of charges, wherever applicable within stipulated time with the Registrar of Companies.

## Note 19.5 :

- (i) Details of terms of repayment and security provided in respect of the secured long-term borrowings from banks:

| Particulars  Terms of Repayment and Security  Total Amount  outstanding  Amount  repayable  within one  year classified  as current  borrowing  (Refer Note 22)  Amount  disclosed as  Non-current  Borrowings  (Refer Note 19)  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  Yes Bank Ltd  Repayable  in  39  quarterly  instalments  commencing  from  December 2016 &amp; ending June 2026  The  loan  outstanding  is  secured  by  a  First  Charge  on  the  Fixed  Assets,  movable  Fixed  assets  and  current  assets  of  28.725  MW  Project  owned  by  Clarion  Wind  Farm  Private  Limited, step down subsidiary of the Company. Further, the  loan is secured by extension of charge on assets of PSR Green  Power Projects Private Limited (PSR Green) and Shriram Non  Conventional Energy Limited (SNCEL), erstwhile subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  During  the  year,  the  proceeds  of  Rs.  630  lakhs  from  the  sale  of  assets  of  SNCEL  were  appropriated  against  the  loan.  Interest  Rates  -  10.45%.  (As  at  31  March  2022- 10.15%.)  1,474  2,679  34  529  1,440  2,150  Total - Term loans from Banks  1,474  2,679  34  529  1,440  2,150   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

(ii) Details of terms of repayment and other terms in respect of the unsecured long-term borrowings from Related Parties:

| Particulars  Terms of repayment and other terms  Total Amount  outstanding  Amount  repayable  within one  year classified  as current  borrowing  (Refer Note 22)  Amount  disclosed as  Non-current  Borrowings  (Refer Note 19)  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  Term Loan  from SVL  Limited  (Formerly  Shriram  Industrial  Holdings  Limited)  As per the terms of the loan agreement, as amended from  time to time the loan including interest shall be repaid in one  or more instalments commencing on or after 1 April 2015 and  shall be repaid on or before 31 March 2027, with an option to  rollover as agreed by the parties.   Considering the nature of  this loan, the amount outstanding has been classified as non  current.  Interest charged at SBI MCLR -for current year -8.7% (As at  31 March 2022- 7.2%) p.a. simple interest. (Refer Note 40.3)  387  16,139  -  -  387  16,139  Term  Loan from  Bharath  Wind Farm  Limited  As per the terms of the loan agreement,  the loan including  interest  shall  be  repaid  in  one  or  more  instalments  on  or  before  31  March  2027,  Interest  for  current  year  -8.7%  (SBI  MCLR) (As at 31 March 2022- 10.5%) simple interest.  8,926  9,123  -  -  8,926  9,123  Term Loan  from Beta  Wind Farm  Private  Limited  As per the terms of the loan agreement,  the loan including  interest  shall  be  repaid  in  one  or  more  instalments  on  or  before 31 March 2027, Interest -for current year -11.52% (As at  31 March 2022- 11.52%) p.a. simple interest.  1,623  1,250  -  -  1,623  1,250  Term loan  from Janati  Bio Power  Private  Limited  As per the terms of the loan agreement,  the loan including  interest  shall  be  repaid  in  one  or  more  instalments  on  or  before  31  March  2027,  Interest  charged  at  SBI  MCLR  for  current year -8.7% simple interest. (Refer Note 40.3)  15,150  -  -  -  15,150  -  Term Loan  from Gamma  Green Power  Private  Limited  As per the terms of the loan agreement,  the loan including  interest  shall  be  repaid  in  one  or  more  instalments  on  or  before  31  March  2027,  Interest  for  current  year  -8.7%  (SBI  MCLR)  simple interest.  272  -  -  -  272  -  Term Loan  from Clarion  Wind Farm  Private  Limited  As per the terms of the loan agreement,  the loan including  interest  shall  be  repaid  in  one  or  more  instalments  on  or  before  31  March  2027,  Interest  for  current  year  -8.7%  (SBI  MCLR)  simple interest.  35  -  -  -  35  Total - Term loan from Related Parties  26,393  26,512  -  -   26,393  26,512   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

(iii) Details of terms of repayment and other terms in respect of the unsecured long-term borrowings from others:

| Particulars  Terms of repayment and other terms  Total Amount  outstanding  Amount repayable  within one year  classified as  current borrowing  (Refer Note 22)  Amount disclosed  as Non-current  Borrowings (Refer  Note 19)  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  As at  31-Mar-  2023  As at  31-Mar-  2022  Term loan from  Vayuvarivartha  Manufacturing  Private Limited  As  per  the  terms  of  the  loan  agreement,    the  loan including interest shall be repaid in one or  more instalments on or before 31 March 2027,  Interest  for  current  year-    8.7%  (SBI  MCLR)  simple interest.  500  -  -  -  500  -  Total Borrowings  28,367  29,191  34  529  28,333  28,662   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 20 : Long-term provisions

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Provision for employee benefits:  (i)  Provision for compensated absences  26  18  (ii)  Provision for gratuity  6  -  Total  32  18   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 21 : Deferred Tax Liability

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  Deferred tax Liabilities  -  -  Less: Deferred tax Assets (Refer Note 21.1)  -  -  Net deferred tax liability / (asset)  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

21.1   In  accordance with the accounting policy adopted by the company, the Deferred tax asset mainly arising on unabsorbed business losses/ depreciation has not been recognised in these financial statements in the absence of reasonable certainty supported by appropriate evidence regarding availability of future taxable income against which such deferred tax assets can be realised.

## Note 22: Current borrowings

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Current maturities of long-term debt  34  529  (b)  Interest accrued and due on Long term borrowings  -  -  (c)  Interest accrued and not due on Long term borrowings  14  23  Total  48  552   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Note: The company has not been sanctioned working capital limits from banks or financial institutions on the basis of security of current assets. Also refer note 19.4.

Note 23: Trade payables

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Total outstanding dues of micro enterprises and small enterprises  -  -  (b)    Total outstanding dues of creditors other than micro enterprises and small  enterprises  165  190  Total  165  190   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables Ageing Schedule

As at March 31, 2023

| Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment  Total  Not due  Less than 1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  more than 3 years  (i)  MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (ii)  Others  139  26  -  -  -  165  (iii)  Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (iv)  Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  139  26  -  -  -  165   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at March 31, 2022

| Particulars  Outstanding for following periods from due date of payment  Total  Not due  Less than 1 year  1-2 years  2-3 years  more than 3 years  (i)  MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (ii)  Others  150  40  -  -  -  190  (iii)  Disputed dues - MSME  -  -  -  -  -  -  (iv)  Disputed dues - Others  -  -  -  -  -  -  Total  150  40  -  -  -  190   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

The dues to MSME are paid within due date and accordingly no interest expense is required to be accrued on these dues.

Note 24: Other Current Liabilities

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Statutory remittances  8  12  (b)  Employee Benefits  4  3  Total  12  15   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 25: Provisions (current)

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Provision for employee benefits:  (i)  Provision for compensated absences  5  5  (ii)  Provision for gratuity  5  -  Total  10  5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 26: Liabilities directly associated with assets classified as held for sale

| Particulars  As at  31-Mar-2023  As at  31-Mar-2022  (a)  Trade payables (Refer Note 26.1)  93  93  (b)  Others  50  50  Total  143  143   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

26.1    Trade payables include Rs.93 lakhs towards Energy plantation land acquired by the company. Also, refer note 16 on Assets classified as held for sale.

## Note 27 : Revenue from Operations

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Sale of Power  -  -  (b)  Other operating revenues (Refer Note below)  2,343  2,978  Total  2,343  2,978   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

| Other operating revenues comprises:  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (i)  Revenue from wind mill Operation and Maintenance services  2,343  2,978  Total  2,343  2,978   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

27 (a)   Disaggregation of revenue from the transfer of goods and services over time and at a point in time in the following major product lines and geographical regions

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Revenue from sale of Power  - India  -  -  - Others  -  -  Revenue from Operation and Maintenance Service contracts and others  - India  2,343  2,978  - Others  -  -  Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers  2,343  2,978   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Revenue recognized from sale of power/services to  - External Customers  -  -  - Related Parties  2,343  2,978  2,343  2,978  Timing of Revenue Recognition  - At a point in Time  -  -  - Over period of Time  2,343  2,978  Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers  2,343  2,978   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 28 : Other Income

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Interest income (Refer Note 28.1 below)  228  88  (b)  Other non-operating income (Refer Note 28.2 below)  1,172  99  Total  1,400  187   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28.1 Interest Income

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Interest Income comprises:  - Interest on Bank Deposits  6  8  - Interest on Loans to Subsidiaries  62  80  - Interest on Income tax refund  160  -  Total  228  88   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28.2 Other Non-operating Income

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Other Non-operating Income comprises:  - Interest waiver received during the year (refer note below)  1,061  -  - Miscellaneous Income  111  97  - Profit on sale of assets  -  2  Total  1,172  99   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: During the year, the company received interest waiver on certain group loans for current and previous years. Accordingly, the company did not provide for interest expense for the year and wrote back the provisions made during the previous year.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note 29 : Sub contracting expense

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Sub contracting expense for Windmill Operations and maintenance(O&amp;M) services  2,297  2,919  Total  2,297  2,919   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:  The  Company  has  incurred  sub  contracting  expenses  for  availing  services  from  other  O&amp;M  contractors  in  course  of rendering O&amp;M services to its customers.

## Note 30 : Employee benefits expense

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Salaries and wages  215  272  (b)  Contributions to provident fund  10  12  (c)  Gratuity expenses  6  9  (d)  Staff welfare expenses  11  8  Total  242  301   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 31 : Finance Costs

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Interest expense on:  (i)  Borrowings from Banks  225  295  (ii)  Borrowings from group companies  144  1,204  (b)  Other borrowing costs  5  4  Total  374  1,503   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 32 : Other expenses

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  (a)  Rent*  3  2  (b)  Insurance  7  10  (c)  Rates and taxes  19  18  (d)  Communication  5  6  (e)  Travelling and conveyance  4  11  (f)  Sitting fees  9  7  (g)  Legal and professional charges  175  87  (h)  Payments to auditors (Refer Note 32.1)  30  30  (i)  Net (gain) / loss on foreign currency transactions and translation  (163)  39  (j)  Miscellaneous expenses  10  9  (k)  Provision for doubtful investments /receivables / interest on loans  440  194  (l)  Shared Service costs  5  4  Total  544  417   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These amounts represent lease rentals for short term leases.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

Note  32.1:  Payments to the Auditors Comprises:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  As Statutory Auditors  30  30  Total  30  30   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note 33 : Segment Reporting

The primary reporting of the Company has been made on the basis of Business Segments. The Company has a single business segment as defined in Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 108 on Segment Reporting, namely Windmill Operation and Maintenance services. Accordingly, the amounts appearing in these financial statements relate to this primary business segment.

## Information about major Customers

Operating Revenue from continuing operations arose from services to a subsidiary. (Refer note-40)

Note 34 : Contingent liabilities and Commitments

| Note  Particulars  As at 31-Mar-2023  As at 31-Mar-2022  (i)  Contingent liabilities (net of provisions)  (a) Income Tax Demands against which the Company has gone on Appeal  89  -  Note:   The Company received a  favourable decision with respect to above  demand.  (b)   Corporate Guarantees provided for subsidiaries/step down subsidiaries/  others (refer note 34.1)  1,48,603  1,58,402  (ii)  Commitments  Nil  Nil   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

34.1    The above corporate guarantees include guarantee of Rs. 1,23,203 lakhs extended (in earlier years) for loans availed  by one of the subsidiaries of the company, Beta Wind Farm Private Limited(Beta). During the year, Beta approached Indian Renewable Energy Development Agency Limited (IREDA) towards refinancing the existing term loan and working capital facilities. For the  said  refinancing,  the  company  extended  a  guarantee  of  Rs.  72,611  lakhs.  As  this  guarantee  substitutes  the  existing corporate guarantees extended, this is not treated as a separate guarantee issued. Subsequent to the Balance sheet date, the disbursement is received from IREDA and the existing loans were repaid. Accordingly, the guarantees extended earlier were considered for the above disclosure as at March 31, 2023.

## Note 35 : Employee benefits

## (I) Defined Contribution Plan

Company's (employer's) contributions to Defined contribution plans, recognised as expenses in the Statement of profit and loss are:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  National Pension Scheme  - Continuing Operations  6  5  - Discontinued Operations  -  -  Provident Fund  - Continuing Operations  10  12  - Discontinued Operations  -  -  Total  16  17   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## (II) Defined Benefit Plans:

The  Company  operates  a  gratuity  plan  covering  qualifying  employees.  The  benefit  payable  is  the  greater  of  the  amount calculated as per the Payment of Gratuity Act, 1972 or the Company scheme applicable to the employee.

These plans typically expose the Company to actuarial risks such as: investment risk, interest rate risk, longevity risk and salary risk.

| Investment risk  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated using a discount rate which is determined  by reference to market yields at the end of the reporting period on government bonds. When there is a deep  market for such bonds; if the return on plan asset is below this rate, it will create a plan deficit. Currently, for  these plans, investments are made in government securities, debt instruments, Short term debt instruments,  Equity instruments and Asset Backed, Trust Structured securities as per notification of Ministry of Finance.  Interest risk  A decrease in the bond interest rate will increase the plan liability; however, this will be partially offset by an  increase in the return on the plan's investments.  Longevity risk  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the best estimate of the  mortality of plan participants both during and after their employment. An increase in the life expectancy of  the plan participants will increase the plan's liability.  Salary risk  The present value of the defined benefit plan liability is calculated by reference to the future salaries of plan  participants. As such, an increase in the salary of the plan participants will increase the plan's liability.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Apart from gratuity, no other post-retirement benefits are provided to these employees.

In respect of the above plans, the most recent actuarial valuation of the plan assets and the present value of the defined benefit obligation were carried out as at 31 March 2023 by a member firm of the Institute of Actuaries of India. The present value of the defined benefit obligation, and the related current service cost and past service cost, were measured using the projected unit credit method.

## (a) Amount recognised in the statement of profit &amp; loss in respect of the defined benefit plan are as follows :

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Amounts recognised in statement of Profit &amp; Loss in respect of these defined  benefit plans are as follows:  Service Cost  - Current Service Cost  5  7  Net interest expense (including the interest income on plan assets)  1  2  Components of defined benefit costs recognised in profit or loss (A)  6  9  Remeasurement on the net defined benefit liability :  Actuarial (gains)/ losses arising from demographic assumption changes  -  -  Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes in financial assumptions  3  -  Actuarial (gains)/losses arising form experience adjustments  (22)  (4)  Return on Plan Asset (more)/Less than Expected based on Discount rate  -  1  Components of defined benefit costs recognised in other comprehensive  income (B)  (19)  (3)  Total (A+B)  (13)  6   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The current service cost and interest expense for the year are included in the 'Employee Benefit Expenses' line item in the statement of profit &amp; loss.

(ii)  The remeasurement of the net defined benefit liability is included in other comprehensive income.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## (b) The amount included in the balance sheet arising from the entity's obligation in respect of defined benefit plan is as follows :

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  I. Net Asset/(Liability) recognised in the Balance Sheet  Present value of defined benefit obligation  42  35  Surplus/(Deficit)  (11)  4  Current portion of the above  (5)  -  Non current portion of the above  (6)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Movement in the present value of the defined benefit obligation are as follows :

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Changes in the obligation during the year ended  Present value of defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the year  35  49  Expenses Recognised in Profit and Loss Account  - Current Service Cost  5  7  - Interest Expense (Income)  1  2  Recognised in Other Comprehensive Income  Remeasurement gains / (losses)  - Actuarial Gain / (Loss) arising from:  i.  Demographic Assumptions  -  -  ii.  Financial Assumptions  3  -  iii.  Experience Adjustments  (22)  (4)  Benefit payments from plan  (20)  (12)  Benefit payments from employer  -  (7)  Past service cost  40  -  Present value of defined benefit obligation at the end of the year  42  35   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Plan assets

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year  39  -  Employer contribution  11  51  Interest income  2  1  Benefit payment from plan  (20)  (12)  Actuarial gain/(loss)  (1)  (1)  Fair value of plan assets at the end of the year  31  39   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Category of plan assets- Insurer managed funds

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## (e)  The following Table gives the Funded Status and the amount recognised in the Balance Sheet for the Plan:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Information Required Under Ind AS 19  1. Projected benefit Obligation  42  35  2. Accumulated Benefits Obligation  35  35  3. Five Year Payouts  2024  8  2025  6  2026  21  2027  3  2028  3  Next 5 Years Payouts (6-10 Yrs)  12  Contribution to be made in the next years  2  Vested benefit Obligation as on  31-Mar-2023  40   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (f)  The principal assumptions used for the purpose of actuarial valuation were as follows :

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Discount rate  7.56%  6.55%  Expected rate of salary increase  5.00%  5.00%  Expected return on plan assets  7.56%  6.60%  Attrition rate  22.20%  17.00%  Mortality  IALM  2012-14(Ult)  IALM  2012-14(Ult)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(g)    Significant actuarial assumptions for the determination of defined obligation are discount rate, expected salary increase rate and mortality. The sensitivity analysis below have been determined based on reasonably possible changes of the respective assumptions occurring at the end of the reporting period while holding all other assumptions constant :

| Sensitivity Analysis  Discount rate  Salary Growth/ Increment  rate  Attrition/ Withdrawal rate  2022-23  2021-22  2022-23  2021-22  2022-23  2021-22  Difference due to increase in rate by 1%  (1)  (1)  Insignificant  Insignificant  Insignificant  Insignificant  Difference due to decrease in rate by 1%  1  1  Insignificant  Insignificant  Insignificant  Insignificant   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The sensitivity analysis presented above may not be representative of the actual change in the defined benefit obligations as it is unlikely that the change in assumptions would occur in isolation of one another as some of the assumptions may be correlated.

Furthermore, in presenting the above sensitivity analysis the present value of defined benefit obligation has been calculated using the projected unit credit method at the end of the reporting period which is the same as that applied in calculating the defined benefit obligation liability recognised in the balance sheet.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

There is no change in the methods and assumptions used in preparing the sensitivity analysis from the prior years.

| Experience Adjustments  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Defined Benefit Obligation  42  35  Surplus / (Deficit)  (11)  4  Experience adjustment on plan liabilities [Loss / (Gain)]  (22)  (4)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36 Discontinued Operations

The financial details relating to the aforesaid business,  included in the Standalone Audited Financial Statements are given below:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Other Income  71  -  Total revenue (I)  71  -  Employee Benefits  -  -  Finance Costs  -  -  Other Expenses  15  78  Impairment recognized for diminution on investments, loans &amp; advances and Assets  held for sale  25  117  Total expenses (II)  40  195  Loss before tax from ordinary activities  (I-II)  31  (195)  Tax expense  - on ordinary activities attributable to the discontinued operations  -  -  - on gain / (loss) on disposal of assets / settlement of liabilities  -  -  (Loss) from discontinued operations (after tax)  31  (195)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The details of carrying amount of assets and liabilities relating to identified assets/investments held for sale, as proposed and determined for disinvestment, are given below:

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Non-current Assets  Property, Plant and Equipment  -  -  Financial Assets  -  -  Non Current Tax Assets (Net)  -  -  Other Non Current Assets  -  -  Total Non Current Assets  -  -  Current Assets  Inventories  -  -  Financial Assets  -  -  Other Current Assets  -  -  Total Current Assets  -  -  Assets classified  as held for sale (Refer Note 16)  93  118  TOTAL ASSETS  93  118   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  LIABILITIES  Non-current Liabilities  Financial Liabilities  -  -  Provisions  -  -  Other Non-current Liabilities  -  -  Total Non Current Liabilities  -  -  Current Liabilities  Financial Liabilities  (i)  Borrowings  -  -  (ii)  Trade Payables  15  57  Provisions  -  -  Other Current Liabilities  -  -  Total Current Liabilities  15  57  Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale (Refer Note 26)  143  143  TOTAL LIABILITIES  158  200   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(iii)  The details of net cash flows attributable to the identified assets/investments held for sale are given below:

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Cash flows from Operating activities  71  -  Cash flows from Investing activities  51  -  Cash flows from Financing activities  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 37. Ratios

| PARTICULARS  NUMERATOR  DENOMINATOR  2022-23  2021-22  INCREASE/  DECREASE  REASON FOR VARIANCE EXCEEDING 25%  (a)  Current Ratio (in times)  Total Current Assets  Total Current Liabilities  (excluding current  maturities)  2.03  2.16  -6%  (b)  Debt-Equity Ratio (in times)  Debt including lease  liabilities  Total equity  0.38  0.40  -3%  (c)  Debt Service Coverage Ratio (in times)  Earning for Debt  Service = Net Profit  after taxes + Non-cash  operating expenses +  Interest + Other non-  cash adjustments  Debt service = Interest  and lease payments +  Principal repayments  0.29  0.50  -42%  The current year witnessed enhanced principal  repayments through loans received from other  sources.  (d)  Return on Equity Ratio (in %)  Profit for the year less  Preference dividend  (if any)  Average total equity  -  -0.03  100%  The increase is on account of company turning  into  profits  as  against  the  losses  declared  during the previous year.  (e)  Trade Receivables turnover ratio (in times)  Revenue from  operations  Average trade  receivables  9.24  5.16  79%  The variance is mainly on account of increased  credit losses made during the year.  (f)  Trade payables turnover ratio (in times)  cost of maintenance+  other expenses  Average trade payables  16.01  11.23  42%  The payables were cleared on time considering  the availability of funds. Resulting in improved  ratio.  (g)  Net capital turnover ratio (in times)  Revenue from  operations  Average working capital  (i.e. Total current assets  less Total current  liabilities)  -275.65  41.94  -757%  The  previous  year  witnessed  net  current  liabilities which coupled with lower net current  assets for the year resulted in the variance.  (h)  Net profit ratio (in %)  Profit for the year  Revenue from  operations  0.13  -0.73  -118%  The increase is mainly on account of interest  waiver received during the current year.  (i)  Return on Capital employed (in %)  Profit before tax and  finance costs  Capital employed = Net  worth + Lease liabilities  + Deferred tax liabilities  0.01  -0.01  -238%  The increase is mainly on account of interest  waiver received during the current year.  (j)  Return on investment (in %)  Income generated from  investments  Average funds invested  -  -  0%  considering the restrictive covenants imposed  by  the  banks/lenders,  the  income  generated  from investments stands nil.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 38 Disclosure required as per regulations 34(3) of the SEBI (Listing obligations and disclosure requirements) regulations, 2015

Loans and advances in the nature of loans (gross) given to subsidiaries are given below.

## Current year (2022-23)

| Name of the party  (Refer Notes below)  Relationship  Amount  outstanding as at  31 March, 2023  Maximum amount  outstanding during  the year  Amrit Environmental Technologies Private Limited  Subsidiary  2,179  2,179  Orient Green Power (Europe) B.V.  Wholly Owned Subsidiary  1,584  1,639   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Previous year (2021-22):

| Name of the party  (Refer Notes below)  Relationship  Amount  outstanding As at  31 March, 2022  Maximum amount  outstanding during  the year  Amrit Environmental Technologies Private Limited  Subsidiary  2,183  2,183  Orient Green Power (Europe) B.V.  Wholly Owned Subsidiary  1,639  2,217  Pallavi Power and Mines Limited  Associate  12  12   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

(i) The  loans shall be repaid in one or more instalments not later than 31 March 2027 or such other time as the parties may mutually agree upon from time to time.

(ii) As at 31 March 2023 and 31 March 2022, there are no parties, firms or companies in which directors are interested as defined under Section 184(2) of the Companies Act, 2013.

(iii) The above disclosure has been made based on the actual transaction value without considering the fair valuation, based on the approval given by the Audit Committee.

## Note 39 (a) : Financial Instruments

## (I) Capital Management

The Company manages its capital to ensure that it is able to continue as going concern while maximising the return to the stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The capital structure of the Company consists of Debt and total equity. The Company is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirement. In order to maintain  the capital structure  in consistent with others in the industry, the Company  monitors capital on the  basis of the following  gearing ratio.

## Gearing Ratio :

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Debt $  28,381  29,214  Cash and Bank Balance (Refer Note 13)  (80)  (27)  Net Debt  28,301  29,187  Total Equity  73,715  73,420  Net Debt to equity ratio  38%  40%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

$   Debt  refers  to  Long  term  borrowings  including  current  maturities,  Short  term  borrowings,  interest  accrued  thereon  on borrowings.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## (II) Categories of Financial Instruments

## (a) Financial Assets:

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Measured at cost (net of impairment)  -   Investments (including investments classified as assets held for sale)  66,772  66,772  Measured at amortised cost (net of impairment)  - Loans  34,953  35,194  - Other Financial Assets  -  -  - Trade receivables  141  366  - Cash and Bank balance  80  27  - Other financial assets - Current  157  1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Financial Liabilities :

| Particulars  As at  31 March, 2023  As at  31 March, 2022  Measured at amortised cost  - Borrowings  28,381  29,214  - Trade payables  165  190   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (III) Financial Risk Management Framework

The  Company manages financial risk relating to the operations through internal risk reports which analyse exposure by degree and magnitude of risk. These risks include market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Company seeks to minimise the effects of these risks by using derivative financial instruments to hedge the risk exposures. The use of financial derivatives is governed by the Company's policies approved by the Audit Committee which provides written principles on foreign exchange risk, interest rate risk, credit risk, the use of financial derivatives and non derivative financial instruments and the investment in excess of liquidity. Compliance with policies and exposure limits is reviewed by the management on a continuous basis.

The Company does not enter into or trade financial instruments including derivative financial instruments for speculative purpose.

## (IV)  Market Risk

The Company's activities exposes it primarily to the financial risk of change in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The Company enters into a derivative instruments to manage its exposure to foreign currency risk and interest rate risk including forward foreign exchange contracts to the hedge the exchange rate risk arising on account of borrowings (including interest payable).

## (V) Foreign Currency Risk Management:

The  Company  undertakes  transactions  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  consequently,  exposures  to  exchange  rate fluctuations  arises.  Exchange  rate  exposures  are  managed  within  approved  policy  parameters  utilising  forward  foreign exchange contracts.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

The carrying amounts of the Company's foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities at the end of each reporting period are as follows :

| Particulars  As at  Euro  INR  LKR  INR  Loans  31-Mar-23  18  1,584  -  -  31-Mar-22  20  1,639  -  -  Interest Receivable  31-Mar-23  9  843  -  -  31-Mar-22  10  829  -  -  Balances with Bank  31-Mar-23  -  -  225  56  31-Mar-22  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Of the above foreign currency exposures, the following exposures are not hedged:

| Particulars  As at  Euro  INR  LKR  INR  Loans  31-Mar-23  18  1,584  -  -  31-Mar-22  20  1,639  -  -  Interest Receivable  31-Mar-23  9  843  -  -  31-Mar-22  10  829  -  -  Balances with Banks  31-Mar-23  -  -  225  56  31-Mar-22  -  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (VI)  Foreign Currency sensitivity analysis :

The Company is mainly exposed to the currencies of Europe. Sensitivity of profit or loss arises mainly from Euro denominated receivables.

As per management's assessment of reasonable possible changes in the exchange rate of +/- 5% between EUR-INR currency pair,  sensitivity  of  profit  /(loss)  only  on  outstanding  foreign  currency  denominated  monetary  items  at  the  period  end  is presented below:

| EURO sensitivity at year end  2022-23  2021-22  Receivables:  Weakening of INR by 5%  107  82  Strengthening of INR by 5%  (135)  (82)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes :

1. In  management's opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the inherent foreign exchange risk because the exposure at the end of the reporting period does not reflect the exposure during the year.

## (VII)  Management of Credit Risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations.

## Trade receivables:

Credit risk arising from trade receivables is managed in accordance with the company's established policy, procedures and control relating to customer credit risk management. All trade receivables are reviewed and assessed for default at each reporting period. The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on trade receivables for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, was Rs 243 lakhs and Rs 111 lakhs respectively. Refer note 3.14 for accounting treatement for Trade receivable and note 12.3 for ageing of Trade receivables and note 12.4 for reconciliation for allowance of credit loss on Trade receivables.

## Loans and other financial Assets:

Credit risk related to cash and cash equivalents and bank deposits is managed by only accepting highly rated banks and diversifying bank deposits. Risks relating to other financial assets measured at amortized cost including loans, its related interest receivables and other financial assets are managed by monitoring the recoverability of such amounts continuously, while at the same time internal control system in place ensure the amounts are within defined limits. The allowance for lifetime expected credit loss on loans and related interest receivables for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022, was Rs 9,526 lakhs and Rs 9,339 lakhs respectively.

The company's maximum exposure to credit risk as at 31st March, 2023 and 31st March, 2022 is the carrying value of each class of financial assets.

## (VIII) Liquidity Risk Management

Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the board of directors, which has established an appropriate liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Company's short-, medium- and long-term funding and liquidity  management  requirements.  The  Company  manages  liquidity  risk  by  maintaining  adequate  reserves,  banking facilities and reserve borrowing facilities, by continuously monitoring forecast and actual cash flows, and by matching the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

## Liquidity and Interest Risk Tables

The  following  tables  detail  the  Company's  remaining  contractual  maturity  for  its  non-derivative  financial  liabilities  with agreed repayment periods. The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Company can be required to pay. The tables include both interest and principal cash flows.

| Particulars  Weighted  average  interest rate  Less than 1  month  1-3  months  3 months  to 1 year  1 to 5  years  5 years and  above  TOTAL  %  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  31 March 2023  Non-interest bearing  NA  14  24  252  9,607  -  9,897  Fixed interest rate instruments  8.94%  -  -  34  28,333  -  28,367  Total  14  24  286  37,940  -  38,264  31 March 2022  Non-interest bearing  NA  -  70  397  4,512  -  4,979  Fixed interest rate instruments  7.82%  -  69  460  28,412  -  28,941  Total  -  139  857  32,924  -  33,920   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table details the Company's expected maturity for its non-derivative financial assets. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual maturities of the financial assets that will be earned on those assets. However, the interest/ return on these financial assets were not considered on a conservative basis. The inclusion of information on non-derivative financial assets is necessary in order to understand the Company's liquidity risk management as the liquidity is managed on a net asset and liability basis.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Particulars  Less than 1  month  1-3 months  3 months to 1  year  1 to 5 years  5 years and  above  TOTAL  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  INR  31 March 2023  Non-interest bearing  -  -  378  -  66,772  67,150  Fixed interest rate instruments  -  -  -  757  34,196  34,953  Total  -  -  378  757  1,00,968  1,02,103  31 March 2022  Non-interest bearing  -  -  394  -  66,772  67,166  Fixed interest rate instruments  -  -  -  998  34,196  35,194  Total  -  -  394  998  1,00,968  1,02,360   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for both non-derivative financial assets and liabilities is subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined at the end of the reporting period.

## Note 39 (b) - Fair Value Measurement

## (i) Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value :

The  Company  considers  that  the  carrying  amount  of  financial  asset  and  financial  liabilities  recognised  in  the  financial statements approximate the fair values.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note: 40 Related Party Transactions

## Details of Related Parties:

| Description of Relationship  Names of Related Parties  2022-23  2021-22  Entities Exercising Significant  Influence (EESI)  SVL Limited  Janati Biopower Private Limited  SVL Limited  Janati Biopower Private Limited  Subsidiaries  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  Amrit Environmental Technologies Private  Limited  Amrit Environmental Technologies  Private Limited  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  Orient Green Power (Europe), BV  Orient Green Power (Europe), BV  Orient Green Power (Maharashtra) Private  Limited  Orient Green Power (Maharashtra) Private  Limited  Associates  -  Pallavi Power and Mines Limited  Step down Subsidiaries  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  VjetroElektrana Crno Brdo d.o.o, Croatia  VjetroElektrana Crno Brdo d.o.o, Croatia  Orient Green Power d.o.o, Republic of  Macedonia  Orient Green Power d.o.o, Republic of  Macedonia  Key Management Personnel (KMP)  Mr.T Shivaraman, Managing Director  Mr.T Shivaraman, Managing Director  Mr.Venkatachalam Sesha Ayyar, Managing  Director  Ms. J Kotteswari, Chief Financial Officer  Ms. J Kotteswari, Chief Financial Officer  Ms. M Kirithika, Company Secretary  Ms. M Kirithika, Company Secretary  Company over which KMP exercises  Significant Influence (Others)  -  SEPC Limited  Post Employment Benefit plans  Orient Green Power Company Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  Orient Green Power Company Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Related parties are as identified by the Management.

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## Note: 40 Related Party Transactions (contd…)

Details of Related Party Transactions during the year ended 31 March, 2023 and balances outstanding As at 31 March, 2023:

| Nature of Transaction  Related Parties  2022-23  In Rupees lakhs  2021-22  In Rupees lakhs  Income:  Interest Received  Orient Green Power (Europe), BV  62  80  Windmill Operation and Maintenance services  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  2,343  2,978  Write back of Provision on account of interest  waiver  SVL Limited  1,061  -  Expenses:  Rental Expense  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  5  4  Interest Expense  SVL Limited  -  1,061  Interest Expense  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  144  143  Remuneration to Key Management Personnel  Salaries  and  Short-term  employee  benefits;  119  104  Contribution  to  defined  contribution  plans  7  7  Compensated  absences  and  Gratuity  provision  32  19  Provisions  made  /  (reversed)  with  respect  to  diminution in the value of investments / loans  and advances / others (net)  Amrit  Environmental  Technologies  Private Limited  -  5  Orient Green Power (Europe), BV  196  195  Others:  Contribution to Post employment benefit plans  Orient Green Power Company Limited  Employees Gratuity Trust  11  51  Loans  Made/Repaid  /  (Recovered/Received)  -  (Net)  Amrit  Environmental  Technologies  Private Limited  (3)  -  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  (373)  925  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  197  (439)  Orient Green Power (Europe) B.V.  (55)  538  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  272  -  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  35  -  Orient  Green  Power  (Maharashtra)  Private Limited  -  (38)  Janati Biopower Private Limited  (650)  -  Pallavi Power and Mines Limited  -  12  SVL Limited  1,252  (1,595)  Receivables  as at the Balance Sheet Date:  Receivables  -  Loans/Advance  Subscription  to  Equity Shares/Interest on Loans/others  Amrit  Environmental  Technologies  Private Limited  2,179  2,183  Orient Green Power (Europe) B.V.  2,427  2,468   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

| Nature of Transaction  Related Parties  2022-23  In Rupees lakhs  2021-22  In Rupees lakhs  Provision carried as at the Balance Sheet Date  towards diminution in the value of investments /  doubtful loans and advances / others  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  (3,295)  (3,295)  Amrit  Environmental  Technologies  Private Limited  (5,357)  (5,360)  Pallavi Power and Mines Limited  -  (736)  Orient Green Power (Europe), BV  (1,351)  (1,076)  Liabilities as at the Balance Sheet Date:  Payables  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited  1,623  1,250  Bharath Wind Farm Limited  8,926  9,123  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  272  -  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  35  -  Janati Biopower Private Limited (refer  note 40.3 below)  15,150  -  SVL Limited (refer note 40.3 below)  387  16,139  Guarantees:  Corporate Guarantees Given  Beta Wind Farm Private Limited (refer  note 34.1)  1,23,203  1,33,002  Gamma Green Power Private Limited  4,000  4,000  Clarion Wind Farm Private Limited  10,000  10,000  Vjetro  Elektrana  Crno  Brdo  d.o.o,  Croatia  7,500  7,500  Amrit  Environmental  Technologies  Private Limited  3,900  3,900   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes

- 40.1    The Company accounts for costs incurred by the Related parties based on the actual invoices/debit notes raised and accruals as confirmed by such related parties. The Related parties have confirmed to the Management that as at 31 March, 2023, there are no further amounts payable to/receivable from them, other than as disclosed above.
- 40.2   During the previous year, Mr. Venkatachalam Sesha Ayyar, Managing Director resigned from the services of the company. The board in its meeting dated March 30, 2022 appointed Mr. T Shivaraman as Managing Director for a period of 3 years from the said date. The shareholders approval is received during the year.
- 40.3   During the year, SVL Limited assigned Rs. 14,500 lakhs of dues receivable from the group to Janati Bio Power Private Limited (JBPL). Accordingly, the said amounts are reflected as dues payable to JBPL.

## 41 Leases

With the exception of short term leases and leases of low-value underlying assets, each lease is reflected on the balance sheet as a right-of-use asset and a lease liability. The company  classifies its right-of-use assets in a consistent manner under its property, plant and equipment within the same line item as if they were owned by company.

Rental expense recorded for short-term leases, under Ind AS 116, during the year ended March 31, 2023 is Rs.3 lakhs. (previous year- Rs. 2 lakhs)

<!-- image -->

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

## 42 Earnings Per Share

| Particulars  For the year ended  31 March, 2023  For the year ended  31 March, 2022  Earnings per share (Basic and Dilutive)  Continuing operations  Profit/(Loss) for the year - Rupees in Lakhs  283  (1,978)  Weighted average number of equity shares - Numbers  75,07,23,977  75,07,23,977  Par value per share - Rupees  10.00  10.00  Earnings per share - Basic - Rupees  0.04  (0.26)  Earnings per share - Diluted - Rupees  0.04  (0.26)  Discontinued operations  Profit/(Loss) for the year - Rupees in Lakhs  31  (195)  Weighted average number of equity shares - Numbers  75,07,23,977  75,07,23,977  Par value per share - Rupees  10.00  10.00  Earnings per share - Basic - Rupees  0.00  (0.03)  Earnings per share - Diluted - Rupees  0.00  (0.03)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 43 Un-hedged Foreign Currency Exposures as at the Balance Sheet Date

## As at 31 March 2023:

| Particulars  Currency  Amount in Lakhs FCY  Rupees in Lakhs  Loans to Subsidiaries - Receivable  EURO  18  1,584  Interest receivable from Subsidiaries  EURO  9  843  Bank Balance  LKR  225  56   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## As at 31 March 2022:

| Particulars  Currency  Amount in Lakhs FCY  Rupees in Lakhs  Loans to Subsidiaries - Receivable  EURO  20  1,639  Interest receivable from Subsidiaries  EURO  10  829   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 44 During the year, the company proposed to issue equity shares on a rights basis to the existing eligible equity shareholders for an amount aggregating up to Rs. 23,000 lakhs. The proceeds of the said issue are proposed to be utilized towards inter alia, repayment of borrowings availed by the company and its subsidiaries and general corporate purposes. The draft letter of offer dated September 07, 2022 duly approved by the Rights issues committee was filed by the company with Securities and Exchange Board of India ('SEBI') and the stock exchanges  on which the Rights Equity Shares are proposed to be listed. The company received letters dated September 21, 2022 and September 19, 2022 from BSE and NSE, respectively granting in-principle approval for undertaking the Issue. Further SEBI issued final observations on the DLOF vide its letter dated February 13, 2023. The company is in the process of filing the letter of offer with Stock Exchanges and SEBI.

## 45 Other Statutory information:

- (a) The Company has not entered into transactions with companies struck off under section 248 of the Companies Act, 2013 or section 560 of Companies Act, 1956 during the year under consideration.
- (b) The company have not traded or invested in Crypto currency or Virtual Currency during the financial year.

## Notes forming part of standalone financial statements for the year ended 31 March, 2023

(All amounts are in Indian Rupees in lakhs unless otherwise stated)

- (c) The company have neither received nor given any fund from or to any person(s) or entity(ies), including foreign entities (Funding Party) with the understanding (whether recorded in writing or otherwise) that the Company shall:
- (i) directly or indirectly lend or invest in other persons or entities identified in any manner whatsoever by or on behalf of the Funding Party (Ultimate Beneficiaries) or
- (ii) provide any guarantee, security or the like to or on behalf of the Ultimate Beneficiaries.
- (d) The company is in compliance with the number of layers prescribed under clause (87) of section 2 of the Companies Act, 2013 read with the Companies (Restriction on number of Layers) Rules, 2017 (as amended).
- 46 The Code on Social Security 2020 ('Code') has been notified in the Official Gazette on September 29, 2020. The Code is not yet effective and related rules are yet to be notified. Impact if any of the change will be assessed and recognized in the period in which said Code becomes effective and the rules framed thereunder are notified.
- 47 The figures for previous year have been regrouped wherever necessary to conform to the classification of the current year.
- 48 The Board of Directors of the Company has reviewed the realisable value of all the current assets and has confirmed that the value of such assets in the ordinary course of business will not be less than the value at which these are recognized in the financial statements. In addition, the Board has also confirmed the carrying value of the non-current assets including long-term investments in the financial statements. The Board, duly taking into account all the relevant disclosures made, has approved these financial statements in its meeting held on April 20, 2023.

In terms of our report attached For G.D. Apte &amp; Co., Chartered Accountants Firm Registration Number: 100 515W

For and on behalf of the Board of Directors

T. Shivaraman Managing Director

R. Ganapathi Director DIN: 00103623

DIN: 01312018

Umesh S. Abhyankar Partner Membership Number: 113 053

J. Kotteswari Chief Financial Officer

M. Kirithika Company Secretary

Place : Pune

Place : Chennai

Date : April 20,2023

Date : April 20,2023

## ORIENT GREEN POWER COMPANY LIMITED

Bascon Futura SV, 4th Floor, No.10/1, Venkatanarayana Road,

T.Nagar, Chennai TN 600017. Ph : 044 - 49015678

E-Mail: complianceofficer@orientgreenpower.com

Corporate Identity Number: L40108TN2006PLC061665