## ANNUAL REPORT 9029

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

240

| Corporate Information  2  Chairman's Statement  3  Management Discussion and Analysis  5  Directors'  and  Senior  Management's Profiles  8  Corporate Governance Report  12  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  26  Directors'  Report  57  Independent Auditor's Report  74  Consolidated Income Statement  81  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income  82  Consolidated Balance Sheet  83  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  85  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  86  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  87  Financial  Summary  162   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONTENTS

<!-- image -->

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Ho Kam Wah Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Wong Huk Yung, Hudson

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing Mr. Wong Huk Yung, Hudson

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec (Chairman) Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec (Chairman) Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan (Chairman) Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Bank of China China Construction Bank China Merchants Bank OCBC Wing Hang Bank

## AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers Certified  Public  Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor  Services  (Cayman  Islands)  Limited Third Floor, Century Yard Cricket  Square,  P.O.  Box  902 Grand Cayman, KY1-1103 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited 17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Third Floor, Century Yard Cricket  Square,  P.O.  Box  902 Grand Cayman, KY1-1103 Cayman Islands

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

115 Gaopu Road Tianhe, Guangzhou PRC Postcode: 510663

## PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Portion of Unit 807, Tower 2 Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway Hong Kong

## GROUP'S PORTAL ADDRESSES

www.pconline.com.cn www.pcauto.com.cn www.pclady.com.cn www.pcbaby.com.cn www.pchouse.com.cn

## WEBSITE ADDRESS

corp.pconline.com.cn

## STOCK CODE

543

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

On  behalf  of  the  board  of  directors  (the  'Board')  of  Pacific  Online  Limited  (the  'Company') and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group'),  I  would  like  to  present  the performance of the Company for the 2022 fiscal year.

For  the  whole  of  2022,  the  Company's  revenue  was  RMB813.7  million,  a  decrease  of  4.5%  from last  year.  The  loss  attributable  to  equity  holders  was  RMB6.7  million.  During  2022  the  Company was heavily impacted both by 2019 novel coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic lockdowns in major metropolitan areas where the Company primarily operates, particularly in Shanghai from March to May, and during the nationwide COVID-19 outbreak beginning in November.

In  2022,  the  domestic  new  energy  vehicle  (NEV)  automobile  industry  in  China  continued  to surge,  with  NEVs  accounting  for  27%  of  new  vehicle  sales  in  China,  up  from  15%  in  2021. PCauto  has  continued  to  develop  our  'smart  automobiles'  platform  to  provide  integrated online  and  offline  media  content  and  channel  strategies,  with  an  emphasis  on  developing compelling original content.

During  2022,  PConline  has  given  greater  emphasis  to  the  popular  'smart  home'  segment, expanding partnerships with high-tech home appliance manufacturers while continuing to be a leading  consumer  electronics  content  provider.  PConline  continues  to  build  on  the  shared expertise  with  PChouse  to  provide  relevant  and  synergistic  content  to  consumers.  PChouse continues  to  build  out  its  domestic  designer  network,  focused  on  improving  original  content offerings and built out a vertical content ecosystem in the interior design space.

In  2014,  the  Group  made  a  passive  equity  investment  of  US  Dollar  ('USD')  5,000,000  in  an entity  ('the  Fund')  investing  in  shares  of  companies  principally  engaged  in  internet  related industries  and  blockchain-related  technologies.  All  along  this  time,  the  Group  has  had  no control  or  influence  on  the  management  of  the  Fund  or  its  investment  decisions.  The  Fund initially  began  investing  in  Cryptocurrency  Investments  in  2020.  As  at  31  December  2022  the carrying  amount  of  the  Fund  was  RMB40,600,000  as  contained  in  the  Group's  audited  financial statements  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  supported  by  an  unqualified  audit opinion.

During  the  year  2021,  the  Company  made  a  redemption  of  USD4,989,000  (RMB31,924,000).  And the Company received dividends totaling USD557,000 from 2016 to the year ended 31 December 2022.  The  entire  carrying  amount  of  Investment  in  Financial  Assets  of  RMB40,600,000  (including RMB8,753,000 of Cryptocurrency Investments) as at 31 December 2022 therefore represented the accumulated unrealized surplus over of the Group's original Investment.

The  amount  of  RMB26,946,000  of  fair  value  loss  was  recognized  as  changes  in  fair  value  as disclosed  under  'other  (losses)/gains'  in  the  consolidated  income  statement  for  the  year  ended 31  December  2022.  This  amount  included  an  amount  of  RMB30,283,000  attributable  to  changes in  fair  value  in  the  Cryptocurrency  Investments.

<!-- image -->

As  referred  in  the  Independent  Auditor's  Report  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the qualified  opinion  covers  both  the  above-mentioned  year  end  fair  value  of  the  Cryptocurrency Investments  of  RMB8,753,000  and  the  corresponding  changes  in  fair  value  of  RMB30,283,000 respectively.  As  mentioned  in  the  paragraph  headed  'Basis  for  qualified  opinion'  in  the Independent Auditor's Report, similar to the year 2021 that certain audit scope limitations were in  place  resulting  in  the  issuance  of  a  qualified  opinion,  again  due  the  same  audit  scope limitations  the  Company's  auditor  was  unable  to  determine  whether  any  adjustments  were necessary in respect of the balance of the Fund's Cryptocurrency Investments as at 31 December 2022  and  1  January  2022,  which  has  consequential  impacts  on  the  Group's  investment  in financial  assets  as  at  31  December  2022  and  1  January  2022  and  the  changes  in  fair  value  of  the Group's  investment  in  financial  assets  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Notwithstanding this  and  given  that  the  Group  has  recouped  the  entire  original  investment  in  the  Fund  in  2021, the  relevant  uncertainty  was  arising  from  whether  the  carrying  value  of  the  Cryptocurrency Investment may be realized in future.

However, as  the  Group's  remaining  investment  in  the  Fund  only  constitutes  a  small  percentage of the Company's assets, there remains no changes to our core business. The Group acknowledges  the  volatility  involved  with  cryptocurrency  investments  and  will  continue  to monitor the investment to manage exposure to the risks involved.

The  Company  is  of  the  view  that  the  qualified  opinion  will  not  have  any  negative  impact  on the Company's liquidity or financial position. The Company recognizes that the issues giving rise to  the  qualified  opinion  were  due  to  external  circumstances  that  were  beyond  the  control  of the  Group,  and  is  of  the  view  that  the  management  has  taken  all  possible  steps  with  the relevant parties with an aim to prevent and resolve the same.

The  Group  attaches  great  importance  to  shareholders'  return.  The  Board  remains  confident  in the  Group's  prospects,  as  such,  it  recommended  a  dividend  payment  of  RMB10  cents  per  share, maintaining  the  same  with  the  same  period  in  2021,  after  considering  such  factors  as  the Company's  profitability,  cash  flow,  future  capital  requirements  and  dividend  payout  in  the industry etc.

Looking  ahead  towards  2023,  the  Company  is  optimistic  that  business  disruptions  due  to  the COVID-19 pandemic are in the past. The Chinese automobile industry is poised for growth, with NEVs  projected to comprise a significant portion of  the  market,  and  the  Company  has positioned  itself  well  to  provide  relevant  content  and  marketing  solutions  for  consumers.  In 2023,  the  Company  is  optimistic  that  PConline  can  continue  to  explore  new  opportunities  and partners in the burgeoning 'smart home' segment and furthering cooperation with PChouse to strengthen brand impact and content innovation.

## APPRECIATION

I  would  like  to  take  this  opportunity  to  express  my  sincerest  gratitude  on  behalf  of  the  Board to  all  of  my  employees  and  shareholders  for  their  continuous  effort  and  support.

## Lam Wai Yan

Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 March 2023

## REVENUE

Revenue  decreased  4.5%  from  RMB852.2  million  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  to RMB813.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2022.

Revenue for PCauto, the Group's automobile portal, decreased 4.6% from RMB716.9 million for the  year  ended  31  December  2021  to  RMB683.7  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.  The  decrease  in  revenue  for  PCauto  was  due  to  decreased  advertising  spending  from automobile  manufacturers  mainly  because  of  the  impact  of  stock  shortages  and  the  COVID-19 during  the  year.  As  a  percentage  of  revenue,  PCauto  accounted  for  84.1%  during  the  year ended 31 December 2021 and 84.0% during the year ended 31 December 2022.

Revenue  for  PConline,  the  Group's  IT  and  consumer  electronics  portal,  increased  6.8%  from RMB91.7  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  to  RMB98.0  million  during  the  year ended  31  December  2022.  The  increase  was  due  to  increase  in  demand  from  consumer electronics  manufacturers.  As  a  percentage  of  revenue,  PConline  accounted  for  10.8%  during the year ended 31 December 2021 and 12.1% during the year ended 31 December 2022.

Revenue  from  other  operations,  including  PClady,  PCbaby  and  PChouse  portals,  decreased  by 26.5%  from  RMB43.5  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  to  RMB32.0  million during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  The  decrease  was  mainly  due  to  the  decrease  in general  consumption  from  these  sectors.  As  a  percentage  of  revenue,  revenue  from  other operations  accounted  for  5.1%  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  and  3.9%  during  the year ended 31 December 2022.

## COST OF REVENUE

Cost  of  revenue  increased  6.6%  from  RMB452.8  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2021  to  RMB482.6  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Gross  profit  margin  was 46.9% during the year ended 31 December  2021 and 40.7% during the year ended 31  December  2022.  The  increase  in  cost  of  revenue  was  mainly  due  to  increase  in  outsourcing production  costs  and  staff costs offsetting  decrease  in  services  commission  to  advertising agencies.  Outsourcing  production  costs  increased  as  greater  competition  led  to  an  increase  in activity  demands from clients and the need for our company to absorb additional costs.

## SELLING AND MARKETING COSTS

Selling  and  marketing  costs  decreased  10.1%  from  RMB210.5  million  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2021 to RMB189.2 million during the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease in  selling  and  marketing  expenses  was  mainly  due  to  the  decrease  in  advertising  expenses  and employee benefit expenses.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Administrative  expenses  decreased  by  18.2%  from  RMB78.8  million  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2021 to RMB64.5 million during the year ended 31 December 2022, mainly due to decrease in staff costs and general office expenses during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

Net impairment losses on trade and other receivables decreased by 62.3% from RMB45.0 million during the year ended 31 December  2021 to RMB16.9 million during the year ended 31 December 2022. The decrease in net impairment losses was mainly due to collection of some long aging receivables during the year.

## PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

Product development expenses decreased by 2.4% from RMB66.7 million during the year ended 31  December  2021  to  RMB65.1  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.  The  majority of  expenses was personnel-related expenses in the Group's research and development team.

## OTHER INCOME

Other  income  was  RMB15.6  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  RMB11.3 million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2021.  The  increase  was  mainly  due  to  increase  in government grants and more subsidies and tax rebates.

## FINANCE INCOME AND COST

Net  finance  income  increased  88.7%  from  RMB6.9  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2021 to RMB13.0 million during the year ended 31 December 2022. The increase was mainly due to  increase  in  net  foreign  exchange  gain  and  bank  interest  income  during  the  year.

## OTHER LOSSES/GAINS

Other losses  was  RMB26.9  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  it  was  the  fair value  loss  of  a  passive  equity  investment  in  a  fund,  whereas  other  gains  was  RMB36.7  million, and redemption of investment fund was RMB31.9 during the year ended 31 December 2021.

## INCOME TAX EXPENSE

Income tax expenses increased 188.5% from RMB1.4 million during the year ended 31 December 2021 to RMB4.0 million during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## NET LOSS/PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO EQUITY HOLDERS

Net loss  attributable  to  equity  holders  was  RMB6.7  million  during  the  year  ended  31  December 2022  and  net  profit  attributable  to  equity  holders  was  RMB49.9  million  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2021.

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

As of 31 December 2022, the Group had short-term deposits and cash totaling RMB400.0 million, compared  with  RMB481.8  million  as  of  31  December  2021.  In  2022,  net  cash  generated  from operating  activities  was  RMB21.7  million,  net  cash  generated  from  investing  activities  was RMB97.1 million, net cash used in financing activities was RMB113.9 million, with a net increase in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  RMB4.9  million  for  year  2022.  In  2021,  net  cash  generated  from operating  activities  was  RMB129.6  million,  net  cash  generated  from  investing  activities  was RMB61.8 million, net cash used in financing activities was RMB157.9 million, with a net increase in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  RMB33.5  million  for  year  2021.  The  Company  had  no  external debt as of 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2022.

## BANK BORROWINGS

As  of  both  31  December  2022  and  31  December  2021,  the  Group  did  not  have  any  bank borrowings and therefore, its gearing ratio,  representing  the  ratio  of  total  bank  borrowings  to shareholders' equity, was nil for both years.

## MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  no  material  acquisitions  or  disposals of  subsidiaries  and  associates.

## CHARGES ON ASSETS

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  no  bank  deposits  or  other  assets  pledged  to  secure  its banking facilities.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK

The Group's operating activities were  principally carried out in China with most of its transactions  denominated  and  settled  in  Renminbi,  and  therefore  the  overall  foreign  currency risk  was  not  considered  to  be  significant.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S PROFILES

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan  ('Dr.  Lam') ,  aged  71,  is  an  executive  director,  the  Chairman  of  the  Board and of the nomination committee and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, a director of certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  and  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company.  Dr.  Lam obtained a bachelor's degree in Science from the University of Texas at EL PASO in 1975 and a doctor's degree in Professional Studies from Middlesex University in 2014. He has extensive local and  overseas  general  management  experience  and  has  more  than  20  years  of  experience  in  IT industry.  He  had  been  a  vice  president  and  director  of  Dean  Witter  Reynolds  Inc.  from  1979  to 1989  and  a  director  of  CLSA  Limited  (formerly  known  as  'Credit  Lyonnais  Securities  (Asia) Limited')  from  1990  to  1991.  Dr.  Lam  co-founded  the  Group  and  has  played  a  key  role  in developing  the  businesses  of  the  Group  since  1997  and  led  the  Group  to  become  one  of  the leading specialized content portal in China.

Mr. Ho Kam Wah ('Mr. Ho') ,  aged  70,  is  an  executive  director  of  the  Company  and  a  director of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  He  is  also  a  director  and  the  controlling  shareholder  of Treasure  Field  Holdings  Limited,  a  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Ho  obtained  a bachelor's  degree  in  Science  from  Illinois  State  University  in  1976.  He  is  principally  involved  in strategic  planning and assisting in overall management and business development of the Group. Mr.  Ho  co-founded  the  Group  and  has  played  a  major  role  in  developing  the  businesses  of  the Group since 1997 and has an extensive management experience over 20 years in IT industry.

Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing ('Mr. Wang') ,  (alias:  Wang  Jeff  Da-Shin),  aged  48,  is  an  executive  director of  the  Company  and  a  director  of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  He  joined  the  Group  in 2005.  Mr.  Wang  obtained  a  bachelor's  degree  in  Science  from  the  University  of  California, Berkeley  in  1998  and  a  master's  degree  in  Business  Administration  from  Columbia  University  in 2004. Mr. Wang is responsible for financing and accounting management of the Group.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S PROFILES

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr.  Tsui  Yiu  Wa,  Alec  ('Mr.  Tsui') ,  aged  73,  is  an  independent  non-executive  director,  the chairman  of  both  the  audit  committee  and  remuneration  committee  and  a  member  of  the nomination  committee  of  the  Company.  He  joined  the  Group  in  November  2007.  Mr.  Tsui obtained  a  bachelor's  degree  in  Science  (Industrial  Engineering)  and  a  master's  degree  in Engineering  (Industrial  Engineering)  from  the  University  of  Tennessee,  Knoxville  in  1975  and 1976, respectively. He attended the Programme for Senior Managers in Government at the John F.  Kennedy  School  of  Government,  Harvard  University  in  1993.  He  has  been  a  member  of  the Hong  Kong  Securities  and  Investment  Institute  (formerly  known  as  'Hong  Kong  Securities Institute') since 1998. Mr. Tsui has over 30 years' extensive experience in finance and administration,  corporate  and  strategic  planning,  information  technology  and  human  resources management,  having  served  at  various  international  companies.  He  held  key  positions  at  the Securities  and  Futures  Commission  of  Hong  Kong  prior  to  joining  the  Hong  Kong  Stock Exchange  in  1994  as  an  executive  director  of  the  finance  and  operations  services  division  and becoming  the  chief  executive  in  1997.  He  was  also  the  chairman  of  the  Hong  Kong  Securities and  Investment  Institute  from  2001  to  2004.  He  was  an  adviser  and  a  council  member  of  the Shenzhen Stock Exchange from July 2001 to June 2002.

Mr.  Tsui  was  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  DTXS  Silk  Road  Investment  Holdings Company  Limited (a company  listed on the Stock Exchange) and Melco Resorts and Entertainment  (Philippines) Corporation (a company  listed on Philippine Stock Exchange). Mr. Tsui acts as an independent non-executive director of the following listed companies:

## Name of listed companies

COSCO SHIPPING International (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. ATA Creativity Global Melco Resorts &amp; Entertainment Limited Hua Medicine Brii  Biosciences  Limited

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S PROFILES

<!-- image -->

Mr.  Thaddeus  Thomas  Beczak  ('Mr.  Beczak') ,  aged  72,  is  an  independent  non-executive director  and  a  member  of  the  audit  committee,  remuneration  committee  and  nomination committee of the Company. He joined the Group in November 2007. Mr. Beczak graduated from Georgetown University (B.S.F.S.) and Columbia University (M.B.A.). He is a member of the board of  advisers  of  the  School  of  Foreign  Service  at  Georgetown  University.

Mr.  Beczak  was  previously  the  vice  chairman  of  China  Renaissance  Holdings  Limited  and chairman of  China  Renaissance  Securities  (Hong  Kong)  Limited  until  June  2014.  Mr.  Beczak  was a  senior  advisor  to  Nomura  International  (Hong  Kong)  Limited  and  non-executive  chairman  of Nomura  Asia  Holding  N.V.  From  September  1997  until  December  2003,  Mr.  Beczak  was  a director  of  Kerry  Holdings  Limited.  During  this  time  he  also  held  various  board  and  operating positions  within  the  group  including  deputy  chairman  of  SCMP  Holdings  Limited  and  publisher of  South  China  Morning  Post  Publishers  Limited,  deputy  chairman  of  Shangri-La  Asia  Limited, deputy  chairman  of  Kuok  Philippines  Properties  (now  known  as  'Shang  Properties,  Inc.'),  a director  of  China  World  Trade  Center  Limited  and  a  director  of  Kerry  Properties  Limited.  From November 1997 until December 2002, Mr. Beczak was the chairman of the Listing Committee of Hong  Kong  Stock  Exchange  and  a  member  of  board  of  directors  of  the  Hong  Kong  Stock Exchange  from  1998  until  2001.  From  June  2001  until  May  2007,  he  was  a  member  of  the Advisory  Committee  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Commission  in  Hong  Kong.  Currently,  he  is  a member of the international advisory committee of the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC).  Prior  to  joining  the  Kerry  group,  Mr.  Beczak  was  a  managing  director  of  J.P.  Morgan Inc.  and  president  of  J.P.  Morgan  Inc.  and  president  of  J.P.  Morgan  Securities  Asia  from  1990 until  1997.  While  at  J.P.  Morgan,  Hong  Kong,  he  was  a  director  of  the  Bank  of  the  Philippine Islands  and  a  committee  member of the Hong Kong Association of Banks.

Mr.  Beczak  was  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Singapore  Exchange  Limited  (a company  listed  on  the  Singapore  Stock  Exchange).  Currently,  Mr.  Beczak  is  acting  as  nonexecutive  director  of  a  number  of  non-listed  companies,  including  Arnhold  Holdings  Limited. Mr.  Beczak  also  acts  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Phoenix  Media  Investment (Holdings)  Limited  (a  listed  company  on  the  Stock  Exchange)  and  Morgan  Stanley  Huaxin  Asset Management Limited.

Mr.  Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose (' Mr.  Lam '),  aged  69,  is  an  independent  non-executive  director and a member of the audit committee and remuneration committee of the Company. He joined the Group in October 2018.

Mr.  Lam  is  a  fellow  member  of  the  Institute  of  Chartered  Accountants  in  England  and  Wales and an associate  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  He  holds a  Bachelor  of  Arts  (Honours)  degree  in  Economics  &amp;  Accounting  from  University  of  Newcastle Upon  Tyne  in  England.  Mr.  Lam  has  over  40  years  of  experience  in  professional  accounting, merchant and investment banking, and financial services and has served in senior  management roles  in  a  number  of  major  international  banking  and  financial  institutions.

Mr. Lam is currently an independent non-executive director of Far East Consortium International Limited  (Stock  Code:  035)  and  Playmates  Toys  Limited  (Stock  Code:  0869),  which  are  listed  on the  Stock  Exchange.  Mr.  Lam  served  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  China Agri-Industries  Holdings  Limited  (Stock  Code:  0606)  between  January  2007  and  June  2020, following the voluntary withdrawal of listing of its shares on the Stock Exchange. Between June 2013  and  January  2022,  Mr.  Lam  served  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  of  Genting Hong Kong Limited (Stock Code: 0678) which shares are listed on the Stock Exchange.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S PROFILES

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Ms. Zhang Cong Min ('Ms. Zhang') ,  aged  55,  is  the  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  the  Company and  a  director  of  certain  subsidiaries  of  the  Company.  Ms.  Zhang  had  been  an  executive director  of  the  Company  from  August  2007  to  December  2018.  Ms.  Zhang  graduated  EMBA programme  from  China  Europe  International  Business  School  ( 中歐國際工商學院 )  in  2011  and obtained a bachelor's degree in Chemical Analysis from the University of Science and Technology  of  China  ( 中國科學技術大學 )  in  1991.  Ms.  Zhang  joined  the  Group  in  January  2003. Prior  to  joining  the  Group,  Ms.  Zhang  worked  as  a  marketing  manager  and  assistant  general manager of Guangdong Pacific Electronic Technology Mall Co., Ltd. ( 廣東太平洋電⼦科技廣場有 限公司 ).  Ms.  Zhang  has  over  20  years  of  experience  in  operation  management  and  IT  industry. She has held various management positions in the Group.

Ms. Fan Zeng Chun ('Ms. Fan') ,  aged  52,  is  the  vice  president  responsible  for  finance  of  the PRC operations in the Group. She joined the Group in 2003. Prior to joining the Group, Ms. Fan worked  as  a  senior  accounting  manager  at  Guangdong  Pacific  Electronic  Technology  Mall  Co., Ltd. ( 廣東太平洋電⼦科技廣場有限公司 ).  Ms.  Fan  is  a  qualified  accountant  (enterprise)  and certified  internal  auditor.  Ms.  Fan  graduated  from  the  Zhejiang  Zhijin  Economic  Professional School ( 浙江治金經濟專科學校 )  with  a  Certificate  of  Industrial  Economics  ( 經濟系工業經濟專業專 科 ).

Mr.  Shen  Li  ('Mr.  Shen') ,  aged  44,  is  the  senior  vice  president  of  the  Group  responsible  for the  operation  and  management  of  PCauto.  He  joined  the  Group  in  2008.  Mr.  Shen  graduated from  the  Department  of  Automatic  Control  of  South  China  University  of  Technology  in  2000 with  a  bachelor's  degree  and  graduated  from  the  School  of  Business  of  Sun  Yat-sen  University with  a  master's  degree  in  2006.  Mr.  Shen  is  a  member  of  the  Chinese  People's  Political Consultative  Conference  in  Tianhe  District,  Guangzhou,  and  has  won  honors  such  as  Industrial Development  and  Innovation  Talent  in  Guangzhou  and  Outstanding  Talent  of  Tianhe  District, Guangzhou. Mr. Shen has held various management positions in the Group in R&amp;D, content and marketing.

Mr.  Ye  Jian  Feng  ('Mr.  Ye') ,  aged  41,  is  the  vice  president  of  the  Group  responsible  for  the operation and management of the sales center of PCauto. He joined the Group in 2006. Mr. Ye graduated from Jinan University with a bachelor's degree in 2005, and graduated from the chief marketing  officer  (CMO)  class  of  Sun  Yat-Sen  University  in  2018.  Mr.  Ye  has  over  15  years  of experience in network marketing.

Mr. Wong Huk Yung, Hudson ('Mr. Wong') ,  aged  57,  is  the  company  secretary  and  financial controller  of  the  Group  and  joined  the  Group  in  2005.  He  is  a  member  of  the  Hong  Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants.  Prior  to  joining  the  Group,  Mr.  Wong  was  a  qualified accountant  working  for  international  accounting  firms  and  a  Hong  Kong  listed  company.  He obtained a bachelor's degree in Economics and Accounting from University of Reading.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board  presents  this  Corporate  Governance  Report  in  the  Company's  annual  report  for  the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Company  acknowledges  the  important  roles  of  its  Board  in  providing  effective  leadership and  direction  to  the  Group's  business,  and  ensuring  transparency  and  accountability  of  the Company's operations. The Board sets appropriate policies and implements corporate governance practices appropriate to the conduct and growth of the Group's business.

The  Company  has  applied  the  principles  set  out  in  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  (the  'CG Code') as  contained  in  Appendix  14  of  the  Rules  (the  'Listing  Rules')  Governing  the  Listing  of Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (the  'Stock  Exchange').

In  the  opinion  of  the  Board,  the  Company  has  complied  with  the  code  provisions  set  out  in  the CG  Code  throughout  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  save  for  the  deviation  from  the  code provision C.2.1 which requires that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and  should  not  be  performed  by  the  same  individual.  Key  corporate  governance  principles  and practices  of  the  Company  as  well  as  details  relating  to  the  foregoing  deviation  are  summarized below.

The  Board  will  continue  to  enhance  its  corporate  governance  practices  appropriate  to  the conduct  and  growth  of  its  business  and  to  review  such  practices  from  time  to  time  to  ensure that they comply with statutory and professional standards and align with the latest development.

## THE BOARD

## Responsibilities and Delegation

The Board is responsible for overall management and control of the Company. Its main roles are to  provide  leadership  and  to  approve  strategic  policies  and  plans  with  a  view  to  enhancing shareholder  value.  All  directors  carry  out  their  duties  in  good  faith  and  in  compliance  with applicable  laws  and  regulations,  taking  decisions  objectively  and  acting  in  the  interests  of  the Company and its shareholders at all times.

The Board reserves for its decision on all major matters of the Company, including approval and monitoring  of  all  policy  matters,  overall  strategies  and  budgets,  internal  control  and  risk management  systems,  material  transactions  (in  particular  those  that  may  involve  conflict  of interests),  financial  information,  appointment  of  directors  and  other  significant  financial  and operational matters.

The  Board  has  delegated  a  schedule  of  responsibilities  to  the  executive  directors  and  senior management  of  the  Company.  These  responsibilities  include  implementing  decisions  of  the Board and directing and co-ordinating day-to-day operation and management of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  delegated  functions  and  responsibilities  are  periodically  reviewed  by  the  Board.  Approval has  to  be  obtained  from  the  Board  prior  to  any  significant  transactions  entered  into  by  the aforesaid officers.

## Board Composition

The  following  chart  illustrated  the  structure  and  membership  of  the  Board  and  the  Board committees as at 31 December 2022:

<!-- image -->

The  Board  has  at  all  times  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  met  the  requirements  of the  Listing  Rules  of  having  at  least  three  independent  non-executive  directors  (representing  at least  one-third  of  the  Board)  with  at  least  one  independent  non-executive  director  possessing appropriate professional qualifications and accounting and related financial  management expertise.

The  Board  has  maintained  the  necessary  balance  of  skills  and  experience  appropriate  for  the business  requirements  and  objectives  of  the  Group  and  for  the  exercise  of  independent judgement.

The  biographical  details  of  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  set  out  under  the  section  headed 'Directors'  and  Senior  Management's  Profiles'  in  this  annual  report.  None  of  the  members  of the Board is related to one another.

The  Company  has  received  written  annual  confirmation  from  each  independent  non-executive director  of  his  independence  pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Company considers  all  independent  non-executive  directors  to  be  independent  in  accordance  with  the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Company  has  implementable  and  effective  mechanisms  to  ensure  independent  views  and input  are  available  to  the  Board,  with  the  following  key  features:  (i)  all  directors  have  timely access  to  all  relevant  information  as  well  as  the  advice  and  services  of  the  Company  Secretary and  senior  management  and  any  director  may  request  independent  professional  advice  in appropriate  circumstances  at  the  Company's  expenses,  upon  reasonable  request  made  to  the Board;  (ii)  the  Nomination  Committee  is  established  with  clear  terms  of  reference  to  identify suitable candidates, including independent non-executive directors, for appointment as directors;  and  (iii)  the  Nomination  Committee  will  assess  annually  the  independence  of  all independent  non-executive  directors.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Board  has reviewed  the  board  independence  mechanisms  and  considered  that  the  implementation  of  the mechanisms was effective.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Code  provision  C.2.1  of  the  CG  Code  stipulates  that  the  roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual.

Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan  currently  assumes  the  role  of  both  the  Chairman  and  the  Chief  Executive Officer of the Company. As Dr. Lam is a co-founder of the Group and has extensive experiences in  the  internet  industry,  the  Board  believes  that  this  structure  provides  the  Group  with  strong and  consistent  leadership  and  allows  for  more  effective  and  efficient  business  planning  and decisions  as  well  as  execution  of  long-term  business  strategies.  As  such,  it  is  beneficial  to  the business prospects of the Group.

The  Board  considers  that  the  current  structure  of  vesting  the  roles  of  Chairman  and  Chief Executive  Officer  in  the  same  person  will  not  impair  the  balance  of  power  and  authority between the Board and the management of the Company. The Board shall review this structure from time to time to ensure appropriate and timely action to meet changing circumstances.

## Appointment, Re-Election and Removal of Directors

Each  of  the  executive  directors  of  the  Company  is  engaged  on  a  service  agreement  with  the Company  for  a  term  of  three  years.  The  Company  has  also  issued  a  letter  of  appointment  to each of the independent non-executive directors of the Company for a term of three years.

According  to  the  Company's  Articles  of  Association  (the  'Articles  of  Association'),  all  directors of  the  Company  are  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  at  least  once  every  three  years  and  are eligible for re-election at annual general meetings of the Company.  Any  new  director appointed  by  the  Board  to  fill  a  casual  vacancy  or  as  an  addition  to  the  Board  shall  submit himself/herself  for  re-election  by  shareholders  at  the  first  annual  general  meeting  of  the Company after his/her appointment.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Pursuant to the above  provisions in the Articles of Association, Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan  and Mr.  Thaddeus  Thomas  Beczak  shall  retire  by  rotation  at  the  forthcoming  2023  annual  general meeting  of  the  Company  (the  '2023  AGM').  The  Company's  circular,  sent  together  with  this annual report, contains detailed information of such retiring directors as required by the Listing Rules.

## Training and Continuous Professional Development of Directors

Each  newly  appointed  director  of  the  Company  receives  induction  on  the  first  occasion  of  his/ her  appointment,  so  as  to  ensure  he/she  has  appropriate  understanding  of  the  business  and operations of the Group and that he/she is fully aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant regulatory requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills  to  ensure  that  their  contribution  to  the  Board  remains informed and relevant. Internally-facilitated briefings for directors will be arranged and reading materials  on  relevant  topics  will  be  issued  to  directors  where  appropriate.  All  directors  are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company's expenses.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Company  has  (i)  organized  briefings  conducted by  the  Company  Secretary  for  all  the  directors,  namely,  Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan,  Mr.  Ho  Kam  Wah, Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing, Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec, Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak and Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose,  on  corporate  governance  and  update  on  the  Listing  Rules  amendments;  and  (ii) provided  reading  materials  on  regulatory  update  to  all  the  directors  for  their  reference  and studying.

## Model Code for Securities Transactions

The  Company  has  adopted  its  own  code  of  conduct  governing  directors'  dealings  in  the Company's  securities  (the  'Own  Code')  on  terms  no  less  exacting  than  the  Model  Code  for Securities  Transactions  by  Directors  of  Listed  Issuers  (the  'Model  Code')  as  set  out  in  Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules. Specific enquiry has been made to all the Company's directors and they have  confirmed  that  they  have  complied  with  the  Own  Code  and  the  Model  Code  throughout the period from 1 January 2022 to the date of this report.

The Company has also established written guidelines no less exacting than the Model Code (the 'Employees  Written  Guidelines')  for  securities  transactions  by  employees  who  are  likely  to possess  inside  information  of  the  Company  and/or  its  securities.  No  incident  of  non-compliance of  the  Employees Written Guidelines by the employees was noted by the Company.

In  case  the  Company  is  aware  of  any  restricted  period  for  dealings  in  the  Company's  securities, the Company will notify its directors and relevant employees in advance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Attendance Records of Directors and Committee Members

The  attendance  records  of  each  director  at  the  Board  and  Board  Committee  meetings  and  the general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  is  set  out  in the table below:

## Attendance/Number of Meetings

| Name of Director  Board  Audit  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Nomination  Committee  Annual  General  Meeting  Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan  4/4  -  -  1/1  1/1  Mr. Ho Kam Wah  4/4  -  -  -  1/1  Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing  3/4  -  -  -  0/1  Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec  4/4  2/2  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak  4/4  2/2  1/1  1/1  1/1  Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose  4/4  2/2  1/1  -  1/1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Apart  from  regular  Board  meetings,  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  also  held  a  meeting  with  the independent  non-executive  directors  without  the  presence  of  executive  directors  during  the year.

## BOARD COMMITTEES AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The  Board  has  established  four  Board  committees,  namely,  the  Executive  Committee,  the  Audit Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee  and  the  Nomination  Committee,  for  overseeing particular  aspects  of  the  Company's  affairs.  All  Board  committees  have  been  established  with defined written terms of reference, which are posted on the Company's website (http://corp.pconline.com.cn)  and  on  the  Stock  Exchange's  website  (www.hkexnews.hk)  (except for the written terms of reference of the Executive Committee which is available to shareholders  upon  request).  All  the  Board  committees  should  report  to  the  Board  on  their decisions or recommendations made.

## Executive Committee

The  Executive  Committee  comprises  all  the  executive  directors  of  the  Company  with  the Chairman  of  the  Board,  Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan,  acting  as  the  Chairman  of  the  Committee.  The Executive  Committee  operates  as  a  general  management  committee  under  the  direct  authority of  the  Board  to  increase  the  efficiency  for  the  business  decision.  It  monitors  the  execution  of the  Company's  strategic  plans  and  operations  of  all  business  units  of  the  Group  and  discusses and  makes  decisions  on  matters  relating  to  the  management  and  day-to-day  operations  of  the Group.

## Audit Committee

The  Audit  Committee  comprises  a  total  of  three  members,  namely,  Mr.  Tsui  Yiu  Wa,  Alec (Chairman),  Mr.  Thaddeus  Thomas  Beczak  and  Mr.  Lam  Wai  Hon,  Ambrose,  all  of  whom  are independent  non-executive  directors  of  the  Company.  None  of  the  members  of  the  Audit Committee is a former partner of the Company's existing external auditor.

The  principal  duties  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  to  (i)  review  the  financial  statements  and reports  and  consider  any  significant  or  unusual  items  raised  by  the  financial  officers  of  the Group or external auditor before submission to the Board; (ii) review and monitor the external auditor's  independence  and  objectivity  and  the  effectiveness  of  the  audit  process;  (iii)  make recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  appointment,  re-appointment  and  removal  of  external auditor;  and  (iv)  review  the  Company's  financial  controls,  internal  control,  risk  management systems  and  associated  procedures  and  arrangements  to  enable  employees  of  the  Company  to raise, in confidence,  concerns  about  possible  improprieties  in  financial  reporting,  internal control or other matters of the Company.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Audit  Committee  has  performed  the  following major tasks:

- -Review and discussion of the annual financial statements, results announcement and report for  the  year  ended  31  December  2021,  the  related  accounting  principles  and  practices adopted  by  the  Group  and  the  relevant  audit  findings;  the  report  on  the  Company's  risk management and internal  control  systems;  the  recommendation  on  the  re-appointment  of the external  auditor;  and  the  recommendation  on  the  review  of  the  internal  audit function; and
- -Review and discussion of the interim financial statements, results announcement and report for  the  six  months  ended  30  June  2022  and  the  related  accounting  principles  and  practices adopted by the Group; and the review of the arrangements for employees of the Company to  raise  concerns  about  possible  improprieties.

The external auditor was invited to attend the Audit Committee meetings held during the year to  discuss  with  the  Audit  Committee  members  on  issues  arising  from  the  audit  and  financial reporting  matters.  The  Audit  Committee  also  met  the  external  auditor  twice  without  the presence  of  the  executive  directors.  Besides,  there  is  no  disagreement  between  the  Board  and the Audit Committee regarding the re-appointment of external auditor.

## Remuneration Committee

The  Remuneration  Committee  comprises  a  total  of  three  members,  namely,  Mr.  Tsui  Yiu  Wa, Alec (Chairman), Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak and Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose, all of whom are independent non-executive directors of the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  principal  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  to  (i)  make  recommendations  to  the Board on the Company's remuneration policy and structure for directors and members of senior management and the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing such remuneration policy and structure; (ii) make recommendations on the remuneration packages of directors  and  senior  management  (i.e.  the  model  described  in  the  code  provision  E.1.2(c)(ii)  of the  CG  Code  was  adopted);  and  (iii)  review  and  approve  performance-based  remuneration  by reference to corporate goals and objectives.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed and made recommendations  on  the  payment  of  discretionary  bonus  to  the  executive  directors  of  the Company and remuneration package of the directors and senior management of the Company.

Pursuant  to  code  provision  E.1.5  of  the  CG  Code,  the  annual  remuneration  of  the  members  of senior management by band for the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

| Number of  individuals  Emolument bands  HKD0 to HKD2,000,000  2  HKD2,000,001 to HKD4,000,000  3  5   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Details  of  the  remuneration  of  each  director  of  the  Company  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022  are  set  out  in  note  7  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  contained  in  this  annual report.

## Nomination Committee

The  Nomination  Committee  comprises  a  total  of  three  members,  being  one  executive  director, namely,  Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan  (Chairman),  and  two  independent  non-executive  directors,  namely, Mr.  Tsui  Yiu  Wa,  Alec  and  Mr.  Thaddeus  Thomas  Beczak.  Accordingly,  a  majority  of  the members are independent non-executive directors of the Company.

The  principal  duties  of  the  Nomination  Committee  are  to  (i)  review  the  Board  composition, develop  and  formulate  relevant  procedures  for  the  nomination  and  appointment  of  directors; (ii)  make  recommendations to the Board on the rotation, appointment and succession planning of  directors;  and  (iii)  assess  the  independence  of  independent  non-executive  directors  of  the Company.

## Board Diversity Policy

The  Company  recognises  and  embraces  the  benefits  of  having  a  diverse  Board  and  sees increasing  diversity  at  the  Board  level  as  an  essential  element  in  maintaining  the  Company's competitive advantage. The Company has adopted the Board Diversity Policy, pursuant to which the  Nomination  Committee  will  review  annually  the  structure,  size  and  composition  of  the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the  Company's  corporate  strategy  and  to  ensure  that  the  Board  maintains  a  balanced  diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee  is  committed  to  diversity  at  all  levels  and  will  consider  a  number  of  aspects, including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age,  cultural  and  educational  background,  professional qualifications,  skills,  knowledge  and  regional  and  industry  experience.

The  Company  aims  to  maintain  an  appropriate  balance  of  diversity  perspectives  that  are relevant  to  the  Company's  business  growth  and  is  also  committed  to  ensuring  that  recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board downwards) are appropriately structured so that  a  diverse  range  of  candidates  are  considered.  The  Board  will  consider  setting  measurable objectives to implement the Board Diversity Policy and review such objectives from time to time to  ensure  their  appropriateness  and  ascertain  the  progress  made  towards  achieving  those objectives.

As  of  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  2  of  5  of  the  Company's  senior  management  are  female. As  of  31  December  2022,  the  Group  achieved  a  gender-balanced  workforce  with  a  male-tofemale  ratio  is  approximately  1:1.  Under  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  the  Company  aims  to appoint  at  least  one  female  director.  The  Board  is  committed  to  improving  the  diversity  of  the Board  and  will  achieve  the  above  objectives  by  31  December  2024.  Besides,  the  Group  will continue  to  take  opportunities  to  increase  the  proportion  of  female  board  members  and workforce  over  time  as  and  when  suitable  candidates  are  identified.  Further  details  on  the gender  ratio  of  the  Group's  workforce  together  with  relevant  data  can  be  found  in  the Environmental, Social and Governance Report of the Company.

The Board and the Nomination Committee have reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  and  considered  it  to  be  effective  for  the  year  ended  31  December 2022.

## Director Nomination Policy

The  Company  has  adopted  the  Director  Nomination  Policy.  Such  policy  sets  out  the  selection criteria  and  process  and  the  Board  succession  planning  considerations  in  relation  to  nomination and appointment of directors of the Company and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the  Company  and  the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Director  Nomination  Policy  sets  out  the  factors  for  assessing  the  suitability  and  the potential  contribution  to  the  Board  of  a  proposed  candidate,  including  but  not  limited  to  the following:  character  and  integrity;  qualifications  including  professional  qualifications,  skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the Company's business and corporate strategy; diversity  in  all  aspects,  including  but  not  limited  to  gender,  age  (18  years  or  above),  cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;  requirements of independent non-executive directors on the Board and independence of the  proposed  Independent  Non-executive  Directors  in  accordance  with  the  Listing  Rules;  and commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of  the  Board  and/or  Board  committee(s)  of  the  Company.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Nomination  Committee  has  performed  the following major tasks:

- -Review of the structure, size and composition of the Board to ensure that it has a balance of  expertise,  skills  and  experience  appropriate  to  the  requirements  of  the  business  of  the Company;
- -Recommendation  of  the  re-appointment  of  those  directors  standing  for  re-election  at  the 2022 annual general meeting of the Company; and
- -Assessment of the independence of the independent non-executive directors of the Company.

## Corporate Governance Functions

The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Board  has  reviewed  the  Company's  corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous professional development of directors  and  senior  management,  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with legal and regulatory requirements, the Company's compliance of the Model Code and Employees Written Guidelines, and the Company's compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in  this  Corporate  Governance Report.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITIES FOR FINANCIAL REPORTING IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors have acknowledged their responsibilities for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board  is  responsible  for  presenting  a  balanced,  clear  and  understandable  assessment  of interim  and  annual  reports,  inside  information  announcements  and  other  disclosures  required under the Listing Rules and other regulatory requirements. The management has provided such explanation  and  information  to  the  Board  as  necessary  to  enable  the  Board  to  make  an informed assessment of the financial information and position of the Group put forward to the Board for approval.

There  are  no  material  uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant doubt on the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The  Board  is  committed  to  complying  with  legal  and  regulatory  requirements  in  relation  to governance,  risk  management  and  internal  control  of  operations  of  the  Group.  The  Board acknowledges  that  it  has  overall  responsibility  for  evaluating  and  determining  the  nature  and extent  of  the  risks  it  is  willing  to  take  to  achieve  the  Company's  strategic  objectives,  as  well  as establishing  and  maintaining  an  appropriate  and  effective  risk  management  and  internal control system.

The  risk  management  and  internal  control  system  in  place  is  largely  top-down,  involving  the Board,  the  Audit  Committee,  the  management  and  key  business  units  head,  all  of  them  play important roles in the system to ensure that risks are properly managed. The system is designed to  provide  reasonable  but  not  absolute  assurance  against  material  misstatement  or  loss,  and  to manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives.

The  Company  identifies  risks  from  a  long-term  perspective,  as  well  as  those  on  medium  and short-term horizons. Regular reviews of the internet service industry  were  conducted  to facilitate management  and  Board's decision making. Research on laws, regulations and industrial  standards  was  also  conducted  to  enable  the  Company  to  anticipate  potential  changes and to consult with relevant experts as necessary.

In  setting  up  the  risk  management  and  internal  control  system,  the  Company's  objectives  are  as follows:

- Identify  risks  that  may  potentially  impact  the  Company's  performance
- Introduce appropriate controls to manage identified risks
- Provide  the  Board  and  management  of  the  Company  with  reasonable  assurance  that  the Company's business objectives are achieved.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board,  supported  by  the  Audit  Committee  as  well  as  the  management,  has  conducted  a review of the Company's risk management and internal control systems, including the financial, operational and compliance controls, for the year ended 31 December 2022. The review covered financial,  operational  and  compliance  controls,  as  well  as  the  adequacy  of  resources,  staff qualifications  and  experiences,  training  programmes  and  budget  of  the  Company's  accounting, internal  audit,  financial  reporting  functions  and  the  company's  ESG  performance  and  reporting. Since  the  last  annual  review,  the  company  showed  greater  ability  to  respond  to  the  changes  in the  nature  and  extent  of  significant  risks  arising  from  the  business  operation  and  external environment.  The  review  was  also  supplemented  by  an  external  review  performed  by  an independent  advisory  firm  during  the  year.  This  review  has  been  conducted  based  on  risk parameters  such  as  the  probability  and  hazard  of  the  risks,  critical  points  that  may  trigger  the risk  control  measures,  and  the  prioritization  of  risk  control,  among  others.  Relevant  information has  been  collected  through  the  management  during  the  assessment  period  to  classify  and analyse  the  risk  drivers  identified  and  to  make  reasonable  judgement  about  the  probability  of the risks  as  well  as  the  losses  they  may  generate.

The approach used in the risk assessment and internal control review was as follows:

- Review  existing  documentation  and  conduct  interviews  with  management  and  key  process owners to identify and document key risk areas
- Identify,  aggregate and analyse existing and emerging risks
- Identify  and  formulate mitigating actions for identified risks
- Perform testing procedures to evaluate the existence and effectiveness of internal controls in  relation  to  processes
- Perform walkthrough tests to determine if the key controls were in place and effective for monitoring the processes, as well as to identify any control weaknesses

During  the  independent  review,  key  issues  in  relation  to  financial,  information  technology, operational  and  legal  compliance  controls  and  risk  management  functions  have  been  examined and findings and recommendations for improvement have been provided to the Audit Committee.

The  Company  has  carried  out  improvement  measures  in  accordance  with  the  findings  of  the review  during  the  year,  and  it  is  expected  that  ongoing  review  of  the  same  nature  will  be conducted in subsequent years.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Company  has  developed  its  disclosure  policy  which  provides  a  general  guide  to  the directors,  officers,  senior  management  and  relevant  employees  of  the  Company  in  handling confidential information, monitoring information disclosure and responding to enquiries. Control  procedures  have  been  implemented  to  ensure  that  unauthorized  access  and  use  of inside  information are strictly  prohibited.

Overall,  the  management has confirmed to the Board that the Company's risk management and internal  control  systems  are  adequate  and  effective.  Based  on  the  review  results,  coupled  with the management's  confirmation, the Board is of the opinion that the Company's risk management  and  internal  control  systems  are  adequate  and  effective  for  the  year  under Review.

The Board would also like to draw the Shareholders' attention to the Chairman's statement and the  paragraph  headed  'Basis  for  qualified  opinion'  in  the  Independent  Auditor's  Report concerning the cause of the issuance of a qualified opinion by the Company's auditor resulting from audit scope limitations regarding the Cryptocurrency Investments. The Board is of the view that  the  same  was  due  to  external  circumstances  that  were  beyond  the  control  of  the  Group and was not related to any of the Group's internal control deficiencies.

## EXTERNAL AUDITORS AND AUDITORS' REMUNERATION

The statement of the external auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  is  set out under the section headed 'Independent Auditor's Report' in this annual report.

The  fees paid/payable to the Group's  external auditors in respect of audit services  and non-audit services for the year ended 31 December 2022 are analyzed below:

| Fees paid/payable  Type of services provided by the Group's external auditors  (RMB)  Audit services  3,670,000  Non-audit services*  324,000  TOTAL  3,994,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The non-audit services conducted by the external auditors include providing other professional services.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  Mr.  Wong  Huk  Yung,  Hudson,  the  Company Secretary,  has  taken  no  less  than  15  hours  of  relevant  professional  trainings  to  update  his  skills and knowledge.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## COMMUNICATIONS WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The  Board  believes  that  effective  communication  with  shareholders  is  essential  for  enhancing investor relations and  investors' understanding  of  the  Group's  business  performance  and strategies.  The  Group also recognizes the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of its corporate  information,  which  enables  shareholders  and  investors  to  make  the  best  investment decision.

The Company  maintains a website at 'http://corp.pconline.com.cn', as a communication platform  with  shareholders  and  investors,  where  information  of  the  Company's  announcement, financial  information  and  other  information  are  available  for  public  access.  Shareholders  and investors  may  send  written  enquiries  or  requests  to  the  Company  using  the  below  contact details:

Address: Portion of Unit 807, Tower Two, Lippo Centre, 89 Queensway, Hong Kong (For  the  attention  of  the  Investor  Relations  Department)

## Email: ir@pconline.com.cn

The Board welcomes views of shareholders and encourages them to attend general meetings to raise  any  concerns  they  might  have  with  the  Board  or  the  management  directly.  The  Chairman of  the  Board,  independent  non-executive  directors  as  well  as  the  Chairman  and/or  other members  of  the  Audit  Committee,  Remuneration  Committee  and  Nomination  Committee  will normally attend the annual general meetings and other shareholders' meetings of the Company to  respond to enquiries.

The  Company  continues  to  enhance  communication  and  relationship  with  its  shareholders  and investors.  Designated senior management maintains regular dialogue with institutional investors and analysts to keep them informed of the Group's developments.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

As one of the measures to safeguard shareholders' interests and rights, separate resolutions are proposed at shareholders' meetings on each substantial issue, including the election of individual directors, for shareholders' consideration and voting. Besides, the Company's shareholders  may  convene  an  extraordinary  general  meeting  or  put  forward  proposals  at shareholders' meetings pursuant to the Company's Articles of Association as follows:

- (i) Any one or more shareholders holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one-tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital  of  the  Company  carrying  the  right  of  voting  at  general meetings  of  the  Company  shall  at  all  times  have  the  right,  by  written  requisition  to  the Board  or  the  Company  Secretary  of  the  Company,  to  require  an  extraordinary  general meeting  to  be  called  by  the  Board  for  the  transaction  of  any  business  specified  in  such requisition.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (ii) If  a  shareholder  wishes  to  propose  a  person  other  than  a  retiring  director  for  election  as  a director  of  the  Company  at  a  general  meeting,  the  shareholder  (other  than  the  person  to be proposed) duly qualified to attend and vote at the general meeting shall send a written notice,  duly  signed  by  the  shareholder,  of  his/her  intention  to  propose  such  person  for election and also a notice signed by the person to be proposed of his/her willingness to be elected. These notices should be lodged at the Company's head office in Hong Kong or the Company's  registration  office  (i.e.  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited)  at  least  7  days  prior  to the  date  of  the  general  meeting.  If  the  notices  are  submitted  after  the  dispatch  of  the notice  of  the  general  meeting  appointed  for  such  election,  the  period  for  lodgement  of such  notices  shall  commence  on  the  day  after  the  dispatch  of  the  notice  of  such  general meeting and end no later than 7 days prior to the date of such general meeting.

For  the  avoidance  of  doubt,  shareholders  must  deposit  and  send  the  original  duly  signed written  requisition,  notice  or  statement  (as  the  case  may  be)  to  the  Company's  head  office  in Hong  Kong  and  provide  their  full  name,  contact  details  and  identification  in  order  to  give effect  thereto.  Shareholders'  information may be disclosed as required by law.

All  resolutions  put  forward  at  shareholders'  meetings  will  be  voted  by  poll  pursuant  to  the Listing  Rules  and  the  poll  voting  results  will  be  posted  on  the  websites  of  the  Stock  Exchange and the Company immediately after the relevant general meetings.

During the year under review, the Company  has  amended  and  restated its Articles of Association  on  30  May  2022.  Details  of  the  amendments  are  set  out  in  the  Company's  circular dated 28 April 2022. An up-to-date version of the Company's Articles of Association is available on the websites of the Stock Exchange (www.hkexnews.hk) and the  Company (http://corp.pconline.com.cn).

## POLICIES RELATING TO SHAREHOLDERS

The  Company  has  in  place  a  Shareholders'  Communication  Policy  to  ensure  that  shareholders' views  and  concerns  are  appropriately  addressed.  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the Company has  reviewed  the  Shareholders'  Communication  Policy  and  considered  that  the  policy was  effectively  implemented  with  the  measures  as  disclosed  under  the  paragraphs  headed 'Communications with Shareholders and Investors' and 'Shareholders' Rights'.

The  Company  has  adopted  a  Dividend  Policy  on  payment  of  dividends.  Depending  on  the financial  conditions  of  the  Company and the Group and the conditions and factors as set out in the Dividend Policy, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the shareholders' approval.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REPORTING STANDARD, PERIOD, SCOPE, AND PRINCIPLES

This  report  of  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  ('ESG')  has  been  prepared  in  accordance with the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide ('ESG Reporting Guide') as set out in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules issued by the Stock Exchange.

The ESG Report describes the Environmental, Social and Governance (the 'ESG') progress made by  the  Company  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (the  'Reporting  Period').  Pacific Online Limited ('the Company') and all its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the 'Group') employs a total of 900 employees, while the scope of the ESG Report covers business operation in  offices  located  in  Guangzhou,  Beijing,  Shanghai  totaling  875  employees.  The  total  employees referred in this  ESG  report  are  those  within  this  reporting  scope.

The  Group  adheres  to  the  four  fundamental  reporting  principles  set  out  in  the  ESG  Reporting Guide  in  the  preparation  of  the  ESG  report.  These  reporting  principles  and  the  way  the  Group applies these in the ESG report is set out below:

| Reporting  Principles  How it is applied to this report  Materiality  The ESG Report covers the key environmental and social issues concerned by  different  stakeholders.  These  material  environmental  and  social  issues  were  identified  through  consideration  by  the  Board,  audit  committee,  discussion  between  the  Board  and  management  and  engagement  with  different  stakeholders.  Identification  process  of  substantive  issues  and  the  matrix  of  substantive issues along internal and external dimensions are disclose in this  report, further details of which are set out in the 'Stakeholder Engagement  and Materiality Assessment' section.  Quantitative  Information  on  the  standards,  methodologies,  assumptions  and/or  calculation used, and source of key emission and conversion factors used for  both  quantitative  environmental  and  social  KPIs  are  disclosed  in  the  ESG  Report.  Details  of  these  information  are  all  explained  in  the  notes  section  following relevant KPIs.  Balance  The  ESG  report  provides  an  unbiased  picture  of  Pacific  Online  performance  during  the  Reporting  Period.  Information  was  disclosed  in  an  objective  manner,  avoid  unbiased  selections,  omissions,  or  presentation  formats  that  may inappropriately influence the judgment made by readers.  Consistency  For  the  purpose  of  enhancing  and  maintaining  the  comparability  of  ESG  performances over time, consistent reporting and calculation methodologies  are  applied  by  Pacific  Online  as  far  as  practicable  to  allow  for  meaningful  comparison. Any changes that could affect a meaningful comparison of the  key performance indicators ('KPIs') have been disclosed accordingly.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  ESG  Report  was  prepared  in  both  Chinese  and  English,  and  in  case  of  any  discrepancy  or inconsistency between the two versions, the English version shall prevail.

## ABOUT THE GROUP

Pacific  Online  Limited  was  founded in 1997, committed to providing professional services for IT, automotive, fashion, and children's education industries and consumers in the People's Republic of  China  ('PRC').

The Group has five specialised websites, namely PConline ( 太平洋電腦網 ),  PCauto  ( 太平洋汽車網 ), PClady  ( 太平洋時尚網 ),  PCbaby  ( 太平洋親⼦網 )  and  PChouse  ( 太平洋家居網 ), as well as  an e-commerce portal and a media focus on new energy vehicle.

## CONTACT INFORMATION

Should  you  have  any  queries  or  feedback  on  the  Report,  please  contact  us  via  the  following methods:

- a.  Address: 115  Gaopu Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, China
- b.  Tel: (86-20)  38178288
- c.  Email: ir@pconline.com.cn
- d.  Official  website: https://www.pconline.com.cn/

## BOARD CONFIRMATION

The  Board  and  the  management  have  reviewed  and  endorsed  the  ESG  materiality  assessment and  the  ESG  report  in,  and  approval  was  obtained  from  the  Board  of  Directors  on  20  March 2023.

## THE GROUP'S ESG PHILOSOPHY AND GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE

The Board recognizes the importance of ESG in meeting the changing expectations of stakeholders  while  enhancing  the  value  and  performance  of  the  Group.  Hence  the  Board, working together with the management, has committed to environmental protection by taking on the overall responsibility of assessing and identifying risks associated with ESG matters of the Group,  and  also  engaging  in  a  mission  to  promote  the  environmental  and  socially  sustainable culture among all our employees to maintain long-term growth of the Group.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group's regulatory framework and functions on ESG matters are as follows:

<!-- image -->

## Regulatory functions Regulatory content

| ## Board of Directors ('Board')  - Take overall responsibility for assessing the key ESG risks faced by the Group (such as supplier management, understanding the sustainable needs of society, etc., and other major ESG issues related to the Group).  - Take overall responsibility for assessing and determining the nature and extent of risks, including ESG risks. The board is willing  to  make  it  the  strategic  objectives  to  establish  and maintain appropriate and effective risk management and internal  control  systems.  ## Audit Committee  - Assist  the  Board  to  lead  the  management  in  overseeing  the design, implementation and monitoring of risk management and internal control systems.  Internal  Audit  Department  - Provide recommendations to formulate or improve policies and procedures in addressing the major risks (including ESG risks in the business process).  - Review regularly the adequacy and effectiveness of risk management and internal control systems and identify the risks raising  from  the  business  operation.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| ## Regulatory functions Regulatory content  External Professional  Consultant  •  Conduct annual independent reviews of risk management and  internal  control  systems.  •  Ensure that the policy and procedures used to identify, assess  and manage material ESG risks are designed and implemented  properly.  Head of each business  department  •  Perform ongoing identification and assessment of risks that may  potentially affect the Group's business and various aspects,  including ESG risks that are exposed to the operations.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Report any identified risks to the management.

The  Board  identifies  the  Group's  ESG  risks  through  industry  comparisons  and  stakeholder engagement,  appointing  an  external  professional  consultant  team  to  evaluate  the  risks  and monitoring  the  latest  regulatory  requirements  which  include  global  economic  risk,  outflow  of talent  risk  and  customer  information  security,  etc.

For  the  identified  ESG  risks,  the  Group  mainly  evaluates  the  materiality  of  the  risks  to  the Group from the following aspects, including the likelihood of occurrence and degree of impact. We estimate the frequency of future occurrence and the degree of impact of the risks based on historical  and  current  data  and  information:  such  as  financial,  compensation,  fines,  new  revenue stream or new opportunity that may be brought by the ESG matter.

By  using  a  top-down  approach,  we  assimilate  ESG  concepts  into  our  daily  operations  at  the workplace  through  policies  and  guidelines,  so  that  each  of  our  employees  become  ambassador of  the  sustainability  efforts,  thus  ensuring  that  the  scope  of  the  ESG  covers  the  significant  parts of  our  businesses.  Our  employees  are  responsible  to  comply  with  different  ESG  related  policies, execute accordingly with the Group's ESG works and feedback  to  management  on  the applicability  and  potential  improvements  of  ESG  related  decision.  In  order  to  ascertain  that  the decisions  related  to  ESG  matters  can  be  better  executed,  the  Group  set  up  the  ESG  working group,  responsible  for  the  collection  of  data,  disclosure  of  information,  convey  the  Board's decision to the employees and notify the Board in a timely manner.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT AND MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

## Stakeholder Engagement

The Group values its  stakeholders  and  endeavours  to  understand  and  accommodate  their  views and  interests  relating  to  ESG  through  constructive  communication  and  the  fostering  of  strong relationships.  The  Group  takes  into  account  stakeholders'  expectations  in  formulating  ESG operational strategies and measures, while also strive to create greater value for our environment  and  community  through  the  mutual  cooperation  and  active  engagement  with various stakeholders.

The  stakeholder  groups,  their  expectations  and  their  typical  communication  channels  with  the Group are shown below:

| Types of  Stakeholders  Focus  Typical  communication  channels  Response &amp;  Feedback  Online users/  customers  •  Information quality  and update  frequency  •  Advertisement  quality  •  Collection of users'  information and  information  protection  •  Intellectual  property rights  •  Company tours  •  Collection of  complaints and  feedback  •  Online survey  •  Regular  communication via  email or telephone  •  User's  experience  programmes  •  Product testing,  reviews and feature  reports  •  Online chat rooms  or  forums  •  Financial  reports,  announcements  and circulars and  other documents of  the Group released  to  the  public  •  Providing high  quality  information  and advertisement  •  Setting up privacy  policy  and  collecting the user's  information  lawfully  •  Protecting the  intellectual  property rights   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Types of  Stakeholders  Focus  Typical  communication  channels  Response &amp;  Feedback  Suppliers  •  Good and long-  term business  relationship  •  Fair  and  honest  dealing  •  Information  sharing  •  Regular  communication via  email or telephone  •  Regular progress  meetings or reports  •  Honoring  contractual  obligations as  agreed  •  Maintaining long-  term collaboration  with excellent  suppliers  •  Timely payment  Shareholders and  investors  •  Continuous and  stable  investment  returns  •  Timely information  disclosure  and  transparency  •  Protect the rights  and interests of  shareholders  •  Corporate  operation is  complied with laws  and regulations  •  Combat corruption  and the upholding  of  integrity  •  The annual reports,  interim reports and  announcements  •  General meetings  •  Roadshows/  telephone  conferences/meet-  and-greets  •  Media  communication  mechanism  •  Press  conferences  •  Opinion  monitoring  •  Consultation via  telephone/email/  website  •  Investor visits  •  Publishing AGM  notices and  resolutions  according to  regulations  •  Timely disclosing  corporate  information  •  Publishing public  announcements  and reports  according to  regulator's  requirements  •  Responding to  email/telephone  inquiries  and  handling on-site  visit  from  investors   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Types of  Stakeholders  Focus  Typical  communication  channels  Response &amp;  Feedback  Employees  •  Training,  career  development and  stay  competitive  •  Salary  and  welfare  •  Working  environment  •  Health and safety  protection  •  Innovation and  opportunities  •  Intellectual  property rights  •  Collection of  feedback, through  emails and face-to-  face  meetings  •  Performance  appraisal  •  Mentoring by direct  supervisor  •  Employee notice  boards  •  Training, seminars  and workshops  •  Providing a healthy  and safe work  environment  •  Establishing a fair  and Transparent  performance  appraisal  mechanism for  promotion  •  Organizing  employee activities  and team- building  exercises  Local  communities,  non- government  organizations and  the general public  •  Employment  opportunities  •  Ecological  environment  protection and  reduce emissions  •  Community  development  •  Enthusiasm towards  public  welfare  and  charitable  donations  •  Charitable activities  •  Community  investment and  service  •  Environmental  protection activities  •  Sponsorships and  donations  •  Strictly  complying  with laws and  regulations  •  Enhancing safety  management  •  Actively  assuming  corporate social  responsibility   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Types of  Stakeholders  Focus  Typical  communication  channels  Response &amp;  Feedback  Media  •  Transparency of  information  •  Good media  relations  •  Information  disclosure  on  HKEX  and the Group  website  •  Financial  reports,  announcements  and circulars and  other publicly  available  information  •  Interviews and  press  releases  •  Maintaining good  cooperative  relations  •  Interact  appropriately with  the media and  press  Agent distributor  •  A robust customer  service  management and  processes  •  An effective  mechanism of  information  communication  •  Timely response to  request  •  Daily  communication  •  Aftersales service  •  Customer  satisfaction  surveys  •  Customer records  •  Adequate and  effective  communication  •  Providing agent  and distributors  with knowledge  training and  marketing support  •  Honoring  contractual  obligation as  agreed  •  Continuous  improvement on  agent management   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Materiality Assessment

During  the  Reporting  Period,  we  have  managed  to  communicate  with  our  stakeholders  and discovered  several  potential  material  issues  related  to  ESG  which  may  affect  the  Group  in  the long  term.  We  have  further  categorized  these  issues  into  various  areas  in  accordance  with  the ESG Reporting Guide, collected relevant information from the affected stakeholders to estimate the  impact  of  these  ESG  issues  to  the  Group.  After  our  analysis,  the  issues  that  are  material  to the Group are shown as below:

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

Based on the above analysis, the Group will improve its ESG performance continuously in order to  meet  the  different  expectations  of  stakeholders,  provide  feedback  to  stakeholders  and response  to  its  risk.  Details  of  our  work  under  these  ESG  aspects  during  the  Reporting  Period will  be  presented  in  the  next  sections  in  four  subject  areas,  namely  'Our  Environment',  'Our Employees', 'Our Business' and 'Our Community'.

## OUR ENVIRONMENT

The Group is aware of the importance in tackling environmental pollution, resource scarcity and climate  change  as  well  as  the  risks  of  possible  environmental  impact  from  its  business.  It  has therefore  been  our  mission  to  conduct  business  in  an  environmentally  responsible  manner, reducing the environmental impact from its operations in the most effective way.

The Group is primarily engaged in the internet service business that focus on online advertising business,  mainly  involves  office  activities  with  no  industrial  process,  and  hence  direct  impact  to the  environment  is  relatively  small.  Nonetheless,  in  order  to  further  minimize  impact  of  our operations  to  the  environment,  direct  or  otherwise,  the  Group  actively  pursues  environmentalfriendly  measures  and  has  implemented  various  policies  and  measures  as  described  in  the section  headed  'Environmental  protection  measures'  under  'Aspect  A3:  Environment  and Natural Resources'.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  is  committed  to  comply  with  prevailing  environmental laws and regulations in PRC, which include but not limited to the following:

- Environmental Protection Law of PRC; ( 中華人民共和國環境保護法 )
- Environmental Protection Tax Law of PRC; ( 中華人民共和國環境保護稅法 )
- Water Pollution Prevention and Control Law of PRC; ( 中華人民共和國水污染防治法 )
- Prevention and Control of Atmospheric Pollution law of PRC; ( 中華人民共和國大氣污染防治法 )
- Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes Law of PRC; ( 中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法 )
- Promotion of Cleaner Production Law of PRC; ( 中華人民共和國清潔生產促進法 )
- Prevention and Control of Pollution from Environmental Noise Law of PRC. ( 中華人民共和國噪音污染防治法 )

The Group did not receive any report or complaint of any significant breaches of environmental laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.

## Aspect A1: Emissions and Wastes

## Air  emissions

As  no  industrial  process  involved  in  our  business,  the  Group's  production  does  not  consume direct  combustion  fuel.  Air  emissions  directly  emitted  were  primarily  attributed  to  the  use  of Company vehicles during the Reporting Period.

| 2022  2021  (Units:  kilograms)  Direct  air  emissions  (note 2)  Emission Sources  Emission  amounts  Emission  intensities  (note  1)  Emission  amounts  Emission  intensities  (note 1)  Nitrogen Oxides ('NOx')  Company vehicles  6.50  0.81  6.19  0.77  Sulphur Oxides ('SOx')  0.17  0.02  0.21  0.03  Particulate  Matter ('PM')  1.79  0.22  1.56  0.20   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Note 1: Intensity  is  measured  by  dividing  the  relevant  emissions  by  the  average  number  of  vehicles  owned  by  the Group during the year.
- Note 2: Direct air emissions are calculated with reference to 'Technical Guidelines for the Compilation of Air Pollutant Emission of Motor Vehicles (Trial)' ( 道路機動車大氣污染物排放清單編製技術指南 （試行） )  issued  by  the  Ministry of  Ecology  and  Environment of the People's Republic of China ( 中華人民共和國生態環境部 ).
- Note 3: The new emission factors are used to calculate the emissions in 2022. In order to make the emission amounts comparable  between  2022  and  2021,  the  emission  amounts  in  2021  is  recalculated  with  the  new  emission factors.  As  a  result,  the  emission  amounts  in  2021  presented  in  the  2022  ESG  report  are  different  from  those presented in 2021 ESG report.

## Green House Gases ('GHG') emissions

The  amount  of  different  types  of  GHG  emissions  (note  1)  in  CO 2 equivalent  emissions  ('CO 2 e') during the Reporting Period was as follows:

| 2022  2021  (Units:  Tonnes  of  CO  2  e)  Scope of GHG emissions  Emission sources  Emission  amounts  (Tonnes)  Emission  intensities  (note  2)  Emission  amounts  (Tonnes)  Emission  intensities  (note  2)  Scope 1  Direct  Emissions  Company vehicles  30.85  0.03  37.27  0.04  Hydrofluorocarbons  ('HFC')  1,964.92  2.18  1,976.78  2.01  Scope 2  Energy Indirect Emissions  Purchased electricity  2,083.90  2.32  2,128.36  2.17  Total  4,090.81  4.55  4,152.90  4.23   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: GHG emissions are calculated with reference to the 'How to prepare an ESG Report? - Appendix II: Reporting Guidance  on  Environmental  KPIs'  issued  by  the  HKEX  and  'Greenhouse  Gas  Accounting  Tool  for  Chinese Cities'  issued  by  the  World  Resources  Institute.
- Note 2: Intensity  is  measured  by  dividing  the  relevant  emissions  by  the  number  of  employees  as  at  year  end.
- Note 3: The new emission factors are used to calculate the emissions in 2022. In order to make the emission amounts comparable  between  2022  and  2021,  the  emission  amounts  in  2021  is  recalculated  with  the  new  emission factors.  As  a  result,  the  emission  amounts  in  2021  presented  in  the  2022  ESG  report  are  different  from  those presented in 2021 ESG report.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  direct  GHG  emissions  were  from  company  vehicles  and  HFC. The  GHG  emissions  decreased  compared  to  last  year  because  the  Group  replaced  some  of  its gasoline  vehicles  with  new  energy  electric  vehicles  to  achieve  a  reduction  in  fuel  consumption and adopted energy saving measures on the usage of air conditioning. The energy indirect GHG emissions  also  decreased  compared  to  last  year,  mainly  due  to  the  policies  and  measures adopted by the Group to save electricity.

The  Group  has  considered  the  use  of  Group's  vehicles  in  business  operation  was  minimal  and the relevant air emissions and direct GHG  emissions produced  were  less material  when comparing to other ESG issues, thus the Group did not see the urgent need to set the emission reduction  targets  for  both  air  emissions  and  Scope  1  direct  GHG  emissions.  But  we  are committed  to  reduce  the  use  of  vehicles  and  increase  the  use  of  the  new  energy  vehicles  as soon as possible without affecting our business operation. If there is a subsequent change in the business  model  which  involves  significant  increase  in  air  emission  and  Scope  1  GHG  emission, the  Group will  further  evaluate  the  need  to  set  the  target.  The  direct  GHG  emissions  from  HFC on  air-conditioning  was  mainly  due  to  the  provision  of  comfortable  workplace  for  employees especially  under  extreme  weather.  The  Group  is  committed  to  reduce  GHG  emissions  from  HFC as  soon  as  possible  by  improving  the  policy  on  the  use  of  air-conditioning.  The  Scope  2  energy indirect  emissions  were  a  result  of  office  electricity  consumption,  which  is  material  to  the Group's  business  operation,  thus  a  target  for  Scope  2  GHG  emissions  was  set  in  last  report period,  which  is  to  maintain  the  same  intensity  as  last  year.  The  Group  is  glad  to  see  that  this target has been met during this Report Period. Hence, taking 2022 as base year, assuming there is  no  material  change  in  business  model,  the  emission  target  is  to  maintain  the  intensity  of  2.32 tonnes  of  CO 2 e  per  employee  in  2023.  In  order  to  achieve  this  target,  the  Group  places  great emphasis  on  energy  and  resource  conservation,  details  are  explained  in  a  later  section  titled 'Environmental protection measures'.

Despite  our  business  activities  have  a  low  impact  on  the  environment,  the  Company  has adopted several measures which are regularly carried out in the course of our daily operations. These  measures  are  described  in  detailed  in  the  later  section  titled  'Environmental  protection measures'.

## Wastes

As  we  are  primarily  engaged  in  the  provision  of  internet  advertising  services,  we  did  not generate  any  hazardous  waste  during  the  Reporting  Period  and  thus  it  is  deemed  unnecessary to  set  a  target  for  the  reduction  of  hazardous  waste.  If  there  is  a  subsequent  change  in  the business  model  which  involves  the  generation  of  hazardous  waste,  the  Group  will  further evaluate  the  need  to  set  target.  As  for  non-hazardous  wastes,  we  had  only  generated  very minimal  of  waste  such  as  food  wraps,  drinking  cans  and  bottles,  disposal  of  stationeries  and office  supplies  for  the  four  offices.  By  considering  our  business  nature,  data  were  not  collected for  the  minimal  amount  of  non-hazardous  waste  as  they  are  immaterial  compared  to  other aspects.  The  Group  considers  in  the  interest  of  cost-effectiveness,  there  is  no  plan  to  set  a  goal to  reduce  non-hazardous waste.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Despite  of  the  small  amount  of  waste  produced,  waste  reduction  measures  were  implemented internally  to  further  reduce  the  amount  of  waste  around  the  building  in  the  long  term,  which will  be  described  in  detailed  in  the  later  section  titled  'Environmental  protection  measures'.  For Shanghai office, it has adhered to the 'Domestic Waste Management Law' ( 上海市生活垃圾管理 條例 ),  a  regulation  enacted  by  Shanghai  government  for  the  classification  of  domestic  wastes. Domestic  wastes  are  classified  into  four  categories:  recyclables,  harmful  garbage,  wet  garbage, and  dry  garbage.  Employees  in  the  Shanghai  office  have  since  been  obliged  to  reduce  waste and at the same to comply with the local rules to better manage the domestic waste.

## Aspect A2: Use of Resources

The amount of consumption by types of energy or resources during the Reporting Period was as follows:

| 2022  2021  Energy/Resource  consumption  Units  Consumption  amounts  Consumption  intensities  (note  1)  Consumption  amounts  Consumption  intensities  (note  1)  Electricity  kWh  3,935,627  4,372.92  3,966,184  4,034.77  Unleaded petrol  L  11597.88  12.89  14019.69  14.26  Water  Tonnes  25,838.00  28.71  64,482.00  65.60   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: Intensity  is  measured  by  dividing  the  relevant  emissions  by  the  number  of  employees  as  at  year  end.

We do not have huge demand for water and do not have issue in sourcing water. The decrease in  water  usage  compared  to  last  Reporting  Period  were  due  to  some  initiatives  to  use automatic  spraying  system  for  plants  and  on-premise  pavement,  coupled  with  reducing  water consumption through daily water conservation practices. Taking 2021 as the base year, assuming there  is  no  material  change  in  business  model,  the  water  efficiency  target  set  by  the  Company is  to  maintain  a  water  consumption  intensity  of  65.60  tonnes  per  employee  in  the  next  five years.  In  order  to  achieve  this  water  efficiency  target,  the  Group  has  implemented  some measures for saving water, such as using water saving tap and promoting water conservation in the  office.  Moreover,  we  do  not  use  packaging  materials  for  our  business  operations  as  we  are primarily engaged in the provision of internet advertising services.

Both energy and resource conservation are essential parts of the Group ESG strategy. The Group would  continue  to  keep  track  of  consumption  on  energy  and  implement  corrective  action  to align with the environmental conversation goal of the Group. Further details on the implementation  of  these  ESG  measures  are  described  in  the  later  section  titled  'Environmental protection measures'.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Aspect A3: Environment and Natural Resources

The Group's business operation does not involve in the significant use of natural resources, and hence  has  minor  adverse  impact  on  the  environment.  Nonetheless,  as  outlined  in  the  next section,  the  Group is  committed to environmental protection and has adopted and implemented several  measures to reduce the negative impact on its environment and habitat.

## Environmental protection measures

The Group has always put great emphasis on energy and resource conservation, which is shown by  our  engagement  in  energy  savings  and  implementation  of  workplace  strategies  to  reduce energy and water consumption.

The  following  measures  are  carried  out  and  reviewed  regularly  to  achieve  its  ESG  strategy,  to reduce its environmental impact in the course of daily operations in the long run:

- Policies  and  procedures  are  regularly  updated  to  incorporate  rules  and  guidelines  on environmental  protection  in  order  to  raise  employee  awareness  on  the  importance  of protecting the environment and to integrated them into their daily workflows;
- Specifically,  through these rules and guidelines, the Group encourages the management and employees  to  minimize  the  Group's  environmental  impact  by  performing  the  following  in different areas:
- Energy Use
- i. Car  sharing  or  carpool  wherever  possible  for  regular  commuting  and  to/from  external meetings;
- ii. Turning off computers and office equipment when leaving the office, closing windows when the air conditioning is in use, etc.;
- iii. Inspecting  our  electricity  and  power  equipment  regularly  to  ensure  safety  as  well  as operating  efficiency;  Collecting  energy  consumption  data  of  the  current  equipment monthly,  doing  summary  and  analysis  on  these  data  to  show  the  operating  condition of  the  equipment so that we can conserve energy and reduce consumption mindfully;
- iv. Staying  at  the  office  after  work  hours  only  if  necessary  and  work  from  home  instead of  office  should  they  need  to  work  during  the  weekends;
- v. Utilizing  digital  devices  to  the  greatest  extent  for  internal  meeting  and  internal communications to reduce business travel and energy consumption;

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

- vi. Maintaining  workplace  temperature  at  a  comfortable  level  for  the  purpose  of  energy conservation  and  reduction  of  emissions.  The  Group  refers  to  the  relevant  standards recommended by the General Office of the State Council, for instance controlling the temperature of the work environment at 26.0ºC during the summer season;
- vii. The air conditioner is turned on only when it reaches the necessary temperature, which is  strictly  controlled  by  the  engineer;
- viii.  Use  of  sunlight  to  reduce  electricity  usage  in  washrooms  wherever  possible.  Waterefficient  sensor  taps  are  installed  to  avoid  unnecessary  water  wastage;
- ix. Turning  off  some  unnecessary  lighting,  replacing  the  light  bulbs  and  tubes  with  LED lights  gradually  and  installing  the  voice-activated  light  along  the  corridor  and  parking lots.

## · Paper Use

- i. Reusing or recycling of plastic packaging, paper bag, and paper cartons;
- ii. Adopting office automation system and reduce excessive printing by going paperless as much as possible;
- iii. Reusing printed paper wherever possible, subject to the personal data privacy requirements;
- iv. Thinking twice before printing any email, and use the Green Email Signature template 'Please consider the environment before printing this email';
- v. Closely  monitor the number of annual reports printed annually;
- vi. Setting up recycle bins in the workplace to store the used paper.

## · Waste management

- i. Providing and promoting the use of green facilities such as waste separation bins and used battery collection bins wherever possible;
- ii. Adopting  appropriate  disposal  procedures  for  electronic  waste,  for  instance  using authorized e-waste collection and computer recycling service sites;
- iii. Choosing  alternative  products  to  control  the  generation  of  hazardous  waste,  where relevant and applicable.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Others
- i. Improving  the  existing  'Green  Procurement  Practice  Guide'  by  constantly  taking  into consideration of environmental impact;
- ii. Centralizing  the  purchases  of  office  supplies  from  various  departments  to  reduce  the number  of  deliveries  to  be  made  by  suppliers  which  will  lead  to  reduction  in  the indirect  emissions  from  transportation;
- iii. 'The  Initiative  on  Low-carbon  Green  Office'  was  issued  to  advocate  the  concept  of 'green office and low-carbon life' and strengthen employees' environmental awareness.

## Aspect A4: Climate Change

The Group  acknowledges  that climate change  poses different kinds of risks as well as opportunities  to  the  Group's  operations.  According  to  the  recommendations  of  the  Task  Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), climate risks are classified into transitional risks (the  adaptation challenges that companies may face in terms of policies, laws, technologies and markets) and physical risks (the impact that extreme weather events may have on companies).

For  physical  risks,  examples  include  bad  weather  such  as  extreme  cold  or  heat,  heavy  rain, storm,  typhoon,  and  other  extreme  weather  events  that  can  disrupt  operations  by  damaging power  grid,  communication  infrastructures,  obstructing  and  injuring  our  staff  on  the  way  or during their work, and also disastrous events incidental to such weather such as the fire hazard from  overheated  equipment  in  severe  heat  waves  cause  by  global  warming.  All  these  events may  bring  severe  impact  to  the  Group's  operations.  For  transformation  risks,  which  means  the risks  faced  by  the  Group  include  the  introduction  of  policies  related  to  energy  conservation  and emission reduction, stricter emission reporting obligations and compliance requirements, etc.

In  response,  the  Company will identify these risks and prioritize those which have severe impact to  take  precaution  measures  first.  The  Group  will  also  identify,  if  any,  opportunities  where changing of the business processes may be possible.

## OUR EMPLOYEES

The  Group  values  its  employees  and  is  committed  to  providing  a  fair  and  equitable  work environment  for  all  employees.  In  this  section,  we  explained  the  various  policies  and  practices adopted  by  the  Group  with  regards  to  employment,  health  and  safety,  development  and training,  and  labor  standards.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Aspect B1: Employment

The Group is committed to complying with laws and regulations relating to the employment of labor,  which  includes  but  not  limits:

- The Labor Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國勞動法 )
- The Labor Contract Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國勞動合同法 )
- Tentative Provisions on Salary Payment ( 工資⽀付暫行規定 )
- Regulations on the Management of Housing Provident Fund ( 住房公積金管理條例 )
- Labor Dispute Mediation and Arbitration Law ( 勞動爭議調解仲裁法 )
- Regulation on Work-related Injury Insurances ( 工傷保險條例 )

During  the  Reporting  Period,  there  was  no  significant  breach  of  any  laws  and  regulations related to the employment of labor (2021: nil).

The  Group's  Employee  Handbook  has  clear  standard  policies  and  procedures  to  deal  with recruitment,  employee  movement,  performance  review,  salary  adjustments,  promotions,  and termination of employment.

Through  these  policies  and  procedures,  the  Group  is  committed  to  ensuring  employees  are recruited, remunerated, and promoted based on their merit, qualifications, competency, capability,  and  contribution  to  the  Group.  The  Group  is  an  equal  opportunities  employer  which is  committed to maintaining a diverse workforce regardless of age, gender, family status, sexual orientation, disability, ethnicity, religion, and political beliefs. Discrimination is explicitly prohibited in the workplace.

The  Group  is  also  committed  to  attracting,  retaining,  and  motivating  the  best  candidates  and employees.  The  Group  offers competitive remuneration  packages  to  the  right  employees including year-end bonus and share option offered based on individual performances, as well as standard  entitlements  including  paid  annual  leave,  marriage  leave  and  maternity  leave,  and other allowances such as meal and trade allowance.

Candidates  are  recruited  from  three  sources:  campus  recruitment,  online  recruitment,  and talents  recommendation  program.  This  comprehensive  approach  on  candidate  recruitment ensures the Group has maximized its reach to appropriate candidates with potential talents. The talents  recommendation  program  enables  current  employees  to  recommend  their  friends, families  or  old  colleagues  who  are  suitable  to  join  the  Group.

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

Employees  at  all  levels  of  the  Group  are  expected  to  conduct  in  an  appropriate  manner,  with integrity,  impartiality,  and  honesty.

## Workforce

As at end of Reporting Period, the Group had total 900 employees (2021: 983), they were based in  China.  The  number  and  ratios  between  male  and  female  and  different  age  groups  are depicted below:

<!-- image -->

As  at  the  end  of  the  Reporting  Period,  we  achieved  a  gender-balanced  workforce  with  461 male  and  439  female  staff,  a  male-to-female  ratio  is  approximately  1:1.  The  majority  of  our employees  were  aged  below  their  40s,  showing  the  success  in  our  commitment  in  attracting younger generations in joining our dynamic workforce.

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the employees of different functions perform their own duties,  forming  a  stable  and  effective  operations.  The  part-time  employees  of  the  Group constitute  3%  of  the  total  employees,  which  is  optimum  to  support  the  Group  in  running  the operation efficiently and effectively.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

## Employee retention

The employee turnover rate  (note 1)   categorized  by  gender  and  age  groups  were  as  follows:

| Employee Turnover Indicator  57.0%  Turnover rate by gender  Female  51.6%  Male  62.0%  Turnover rate by age  &lt;  25  111.7%  25-29  69.8%  30-39  32.5%  40-49  13.4%  &gt;  50  14.8%  Turnover rate by type  Full-time  45.9%  Part-time  80.6%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Note 1: The  percentage  are  calculated  with  reference  to  the  'How  to  prepare  an  ESG  Report?  -  Appendix  III: Reporting Guidance on Social KPIs' issued by the HKEX.
- Note 2: Turnover rate = (Number of employee departed during the Reporting Period/Average number of employees in  the  Reporting  Period)  x  100%

Average number of staff in the Reporting Period = (Number of employee at the beginning of the Reporting Period + Number of employee at the end of the Reporting Period)/2

During the Reporting Period, a total  of  544  (2021:  477)  employees  left  the  Group,  of  these  307 were male and 237 were female and resulting in an overall turnover rate of 57% (2021:49%).

## Aspect B2: Health and Safety

Our  employees  are  mainly  office-based  thus  risk to physical health and  safety is not a significant  concern  for  the  Company.  Nonetheless,  the  Group  acknowledges  the  significance  of employees'  occupational  health  and  safety  and  is  committed  and  has  engaged  in  significant efforts  in  providing  and  maintaining  a  safe  and  healthy  working  environment  to  mitigate  any occupational or health risks in our employees.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  complied  with  all  requirements  of  relevant regulations, which include but not limited to the following:

- Prevention and Treatment of Occupational Diseases Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國職業病防治法 )
- Fire  Prevention  Law  of  PRC ( 中華人民共和國消防法 )
- Occupational Health and Safety Management System ( 職業健康安全管理體系 )
- Special  Regulation on the Labor Protection of Female Staff ( 女職工勞動保護特別規定 )
- Measures for the Ascertainment of Work-related Injuries ( 工傷認定辦法 )

There  was  no  significant  work-related  injury  and  fatality  recorded  for  the  past  three  years, including the Reporting Period.

The  Group's  head  office  is  located  in  a  compound  that  has  a  spacious  3  block  of  office buildings each with 5 floors, totaling a gross floor area of approximately 30,000 square meters. These  buildings  are  surrounded  by  a  staggering  5,000  square  meters  garden  which  provides  a space  for  our  employees  to  unwind  after  a  stressful  day  as  well  as  providing  a  cleaner  air environment to our employees.

To ensure the physical safety of our assets and our employees, the Group has deployed security guards  at  the  office  and  their  surrounding  area.  Regular  inspection  and  maintenance  for  the equipment  of  the  building,  such  as  elevator  and  fire  protection  equipment  are  conducted  by professional companies.

Moreover,  the  Group  also  provides  other  recreational  facilities,  such  as  canteen,  basketball court,  café,  leisure  room,  nursery  room,  table  tennis  tables,  yoga  room  for  our  employees  to have  a  balanced  work-leisure  lifestyle,  preventing  potential  long  term  health  risks  related  to long  hours  desk  work.  A  'staff  recreational  club'  has  been  set  up  to  develop  a  sense  of belonging  and  build  a  better  bonding  amongst  our  employees,  where  they  can  participate  in many team building activities such as basketball games, yoga class, company travel, and annual dinner,  etc.  These  activities  have  also  helped  to  promote  work-life  balance  for  our  employees, so  as  to  ease  their  working  pressure.

## Aspect B3: Development and Training

The  continuing  development  and  learning  needs  of  our  employees  are  essential  to  the  growth of  the  Group.  The  Group  has  established  policies  on  employee  development and training in our 'Employee  Handbook'  in  order  to  streamline  the  training  programs  within  the  Group.  The Administration department is responsible for formulating the annual training plan based on the survey  results  of  the  training  needs  of  different  departments.  A  range  of  internal  training opportunities  for  all  levels  of  our  employees  are  divided  into  three  categories  according  to different targeted employees.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

New  employee  training: New  employees'  orientation, induction training,  'one-on-one' mentorship program, and exchange program.

Work-related  trainings: Such  as  editing  training  and  sales  training  to  improve  business  skills and technical skills  for  company's  daily  operation.

Management  trainings: Improving  professional  capability  and  developing  skills  of  newly promoted middle and senior management to coach their staff.

The  Group  has  set up  a variety of trainings to meet  the  work  requirements  and  selfdevelopment goals of the employees.

## Training development

<!-- image -->

For  the  delivery  of  training,  the  Group  has  launched  'cloud-learning'  since  2019,  an  online training platform for employees to conduct trainings in a more efficient way. Employees can ask questions  anytime  on  the  platform  even  after  the  training  session  has  ended.  Apart  from receiving  internal  training,  employees  may  also  be  sponsored  by  the  Group  to  receive  external training  for  the  skill  and  knowledge  enrichment.  Employees  receiving  external  training  are responsible  for  conducting  knowledge  transfer  internally  in  order  to  create  a  positive  learning atmosphere among employees. Additionally, other forms of training are also available including seminars, self-learning by employees and online learning.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

During  the  Reporting  Period,  there  was  a  total  of  1,146  (2021:  908)  trained  employees  and  the percentage  of  total  employees  who  took  part  in  training  is  127.3%  (2021:  92%)  for  the Reporting Period. A total of approximately 7,847.75 (2021: 5,211) training hours was completed by  these  trained  employees  which  took  place  in  PRC,  average  training  hours  per  employee  are 8.7  (2021:5.3)  training  hours.  The  details  of  these  trainings  are  shown  in  the  table  below:

| Employee Training Indicator  2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Percentage of employees trained (%)  127.3  Note  92  38.4%  Percentage of employees trained by gender (%)  Male  51.3  50  2.6%  Female  48.7  50  (2.6%)  Percentage of employees trained by position (%)  Senior management  6.9  18  (61.7%)  Middle management  8.6  13  (34.2%)  Ordinary employee  84.6  69  22.5%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The percentage of employees trained = Employees trained during the Report Period/Number of employees at the end of the Reporting Period) x 100%

The  percentage  is  over  100%  because  employees  trained  during  the  Report  Period  are  more than employees at the end of the Reporting Period due to employee turnover.

| Employee Training Indicator  2022  2021  Increase/  (Decrease)  Training hours per capita (hour)  8.7  5.3  64.5%  Average training hours completed per employee  by gender (hour)  Male  8.1  4.74  70.6%  Female  9.4  5.92  58.5%  Average training hours completed per employee  by position (hour)  Senior management  7.3  9.71  (25.3%)  Middle management  9.2  6.15  49.9%  Ordinary employee  8.8  4.75  85.3%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Aspect B4: Labor Standards

As the Company  considers  child and  forced labor unacceptable, it has established clear management  procedures  to  effective  control  over  non-recruitment  of  both  child  labor  and forced  labor.  The  management  procedures  clearly  stipulated  that  stringent  examination  on  ID card  should  be  conducted  during  the  recruitment  process  to  verify  the  authenticity  of  the candidate's  personal  information.  This  helps  to  ensure  there  is  non-recruitment  of  child  labor during the screening and due diligence process.

Moreover,  employee  work  schedules  are  set  up  fairly  to  ensure  that  standard  working  hours (i.e.  40  hours  per  week)  are  not  exceeded  and  all  employees  are  provided  with  appropriate leave entitlements including annual leave, sick leave, marriage leave, maternity leave, examination leave, and compassionate leave.

The  Group  is  committed  to  complying  with  Labor  Law  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和國勞動法 ) in relations  to  child  and  forced  labor,  as  well  as  other  relevant  laws  and  regulations  in  PRC relating  to  the  protection  of  rights  and  interests  of  labor,  and  there  was  no  (2021:  no)  case  of non-compliance with these laws and regulations during the Reporting Period.

## OUR BUSINESS

In  the  same  way  we  build  and  maintain  our  loyal  user  base  on  our  portals,  we  build  a harmonious  relationship  with  our  stakeholders  -  online  users,  customers,  suppliers,  investors, employees, government bodies and communities. Through their valuable feedback and participation,  we  build  a  cornerstone  for  the  Group  and  also  an  approach  to  continuously improve  our  ESG  system  in  order  to  operate  our  business  in  an  environmentally  and  socially responsible way.

In  this  section  we  detailed  the  various  policies  and  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  with regards to supply chain management, product responsibility, and anti-corruption.

## Aspect B5: Supply Chain Management

In  order  to  better  manage  the  supply  chain,  we  have  established  'Procurement  Process'  to standardize  the  procurement  process  and  to  set  up  criteria  and  requirements  for  the  selection of  suppliers  in  order  to  enhance  the  efficiency  of  procurement.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

We  maintain  an  approved  suppliers  list  to  purchase  IT  services,  office  equipment,  and  office supplies.  Suppliers  on  the  approved suppliers' list  are  carefully  assessed  based  on  criteria  such  as the  quality  of  goods  and  services  provided,  their  reputation  in  the  public  and  in  the  industry, and  whether  or  not  they  have  complied  with  laws  and  regulations  in  the  PRC.  Before  the signing  of  contract  with  suppliers,  we  conduct  due  diligence  to  have  a  better  understand  of their background, for instance verifying the business license and other related business qualifications,  identify  areas  for  further  investigation  and  reduces  risks  associated  with  the decision  before  or  upon  engaging  them.  We  work  with  qualified  suppliers  which  have  no  bad business  practices,  and  regularly  review,  supervise  and  update  the  approved  suppliers'  list  to stabilize  the  quality  of  our  procurements.  We  review  those  suppliers  that  have  failed  to  fulfil our standard, which may then be subjected to removal from the approved list. As at the end of the Reporting Period, we have a total of 529 (2021:728) suppliers, all are from China.

## Aspect B6: Product Responsibility

## Past-sales service and complaint handling

The Group  treats all grievances and complaints seriously and views them  as means  to consistently  improve  the  quality  of  the  services  we  offer.  The  Group  has  established  grievance procedures  to  receive  suggestions  and  complaints  from  online  users,  customers,  suppliers  and employees  as  outlined  in  the  later  section  'Aspect  B7:  Anti-corruption'.  During  the  Reporting Period,  the  Group  has  received  and  handled  a  total  of  85  (2021:74)  cases  of  complaint  from third  parties,  these  complaints  include  possible  false  information  and  content  on  our  websites, suspected  of  infringement,  etc.  Our  handling  procedures  include  deletion  of  information  and content on our websites, provide written commitment  to the third-party and  make compensation  when  necessary.  The  handling  procedures  and  results  are  filed  for  our  own record.  None  of  these  complaints  is  significant  in  nature  that  may  have  detrimental  impact  to the Group.

In  addition,  as  an  online  content  provider,  we  may  encounter  situation  with  illegal  and inappropriate  content,  and  we  treat  these  seriously.  We  have  established  'Measures  for  the Acceptance  and  Handle  of  Reports  on  illegal  and  inappropriate  information'  ('Measures') aiming  at  fulfilling  the  responsibility  as  a  website  and  handling  the  reporting  information  in  a timely  manner.  The  Measures  clarifies  the  responsibilities  of  each  unit  for  handling  illegal  and inappropriate content, sets up the procedures of accepting reports on illegal and inappropriate information  and  provide  recommendation  to  handle  the  reports  on  illegal  and  inappropriate information.

The content review department is the main department responsible for the reporting of illegal and  inappropriate  content  on  website,  while  the  website  editing  department  and  technical department are assisting in handling the reported information. We have set up both telephone and  mailbox  for  others  to  report  on  illegal  and  bad  information  on  Pacific  Online  network. Employees on duty is responsible for answering the call and making relevant phone records; as for  the  reporting  mailbox,  staff  on  duty  regularly  check  the  mailbox  and  maintaining  the records.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Once the Group receives report on illegal and inappropriate information, the following process are  being  carry  out:

1. The  content  review  department  classifies,  screen  and  verifies  the  reported  content  in detailed;
2. For  the  legitimate  report  and/or  allegation,  deal  with  them  as  soon  as  possible.  After  the report handling process is completed, promptly revert to the reporter and provide feedbacks where necessary and applicable;
3. Important reporting information involving content that endangers national security, disrupts social  order,  etc.,  should  be  reported  to  relevant  competent  authorities  in  a  timely  manner; and
4. Information collected in the process of report acceptance and handling shall be sorted and archived timely and kept confidential at all times.

## Protection of intellectual property

The  Group  respects  intellectual  property  ('IP')  rights  and  takes  appropriate  action  to  protect intellectual  property  rights,  which  gives  the  business  its  competitive  advantage.  The  Legal Department  is  responsible  for  the  registration  of  the  Group's  trademarks  and  patents,  and advises on the rights to use images. Unauthorized software is strictly forbidden.

Internally,  the  Group  organizes  regular  business  training  on  intellectual  property  rights  to improve  employees'  awareness  of  intellectual  property  rights  protection  and  educate  them  on how  to  identify  the  potential  infringement  of  intellectual  property  rights.  The  training  on intellectual  property  rights  is  suitable  for  newly  joined  editors,  and  the  content  of  training include updates on the Advertising Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國廣告法 ),  knowledge for copyright and training for photography skills.

The  Group  also  has  established  'Memo  on  copyright  management'  ('Memo')  for  the  purpose to  strengthen the management of copyright within the Group, standardize the content of each website,  and  ensure  copyright  is  use  legally.  The  application  scope  of  the  memo  includes  all websites  of  the  Group,  APP  and  third-party  platform  accounts  such  as  Weibo  and  WeChat official  account.  The  memo set out copyright usage rules for content includes but not limited to articles, images, animations and software etc. and procedures of handling infringement complaints.

In  the  event  of  first-time  infringement  offense  conducted  by  our  employees,  the  editorial department  would  give  verbal  warning.  If  losses  are  caused  to  the  Group,  the  Group  has  the right  to  demand  compensation  from  the  responsible  person.  As  for  the  second-time  offense, written warning would  be given to the employees and filed by the  Human  Resources Department.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

Externally,  the  Group  has  established  whistle-blowing  procedures  for  external  parties  to  report any  suspicious  infringement  and  misuse  of  intellectual  property  rights  for  further  investigation. The  whistle-blowing  procedures  are  explained  on  the  Group's  website  and  available  to  be viewed by external parties.

The  Group  is  committed  to  complying  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  for  protection  of intellectual  property,  include  but  not  limited  to  Copyright  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China ( 中華人民共和國著作權法 ),  Civil  Code  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 中華人民共和國民法典 ) and Regulation on the Protection of the Right to Network Dissemination of Information ( 信息網 絡傳播權保護條例 ).  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  has  not  engaged  in  and  has  not been threatened with significant claim for infringement of any IP rights, whether as a claimant or  as  a  defendant  (2021:  nil).  The  Company  has  taken  all  reasonable  measures  to  prevent infringement of IP rights.

## Quality assurance

As  an  online  content  provider,  the  Group  regularly  promotes  different  products  and  services  of our  clients.  Although  the  ultimate  responsibility  of  the  quality  of  these  products  and  services lies  with  these  clients,  we  still  set  up  'Advertisement  publication  compliance  guide'  for  the purpose to strengthen the review on advertising materials. The Group  is committed  to complying  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  in  areas  for  advertising  compliance,  include  but not  limited  to  'Advertising  Law  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和國廣告法 )',  'Regulation  on  control  of advertisements of PRC ( 中華人民共和國廣告管理條例 )',  'Interim  Measures  for  the  Administration of  Internet  Advertising'  ( 互聯網廣告管理暫行辦法 )'and  so  on.  We  review  the  qualification  of business  partners  and  ensure  that  we  only  promote  products  and  services  from  reputable brands. As part of our content review process, we will perform our own tests or trials internally before we officially introducing these products and services to our users.

Moreover, the Group understands that improving its quality, meeting the needs and preferences of  consumers are key elements for its sustainable development and thus it has launched a 'User Experience Enhancement  Program' which aims to listen and understand consumers' requirements  and  needs.  This  program  includes  customer  surveys,  free  download  and  new products trial,  collects  feedback  for  further  quality  improvement.

## Information security and Personal data protection

The  Group  considers  that  privacy  and  security  of  information  are  critical  operating  principles and recognizes the importance of keeping personal information of the users in strict confidence.  The  Group  is  committed  to  complying  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  including the Cybersecurity Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國網絡安全法 ),  the  Group  Law  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和 國公司法 ),  Civil  Code  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和國民法典 ),  E-Commerce  Law  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和國 電⼦商務法 ),  Personal  Information  Protection  Law  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和國個人信息保護法 ),  Data Security  Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國數據安全法 )  and  Advertising  Law  of  PRC  ( 中華人民共和國廣 告法 )  relating  to  customer  data  protection  and  privacy.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Group  has  implemented  various  information  privacy  and  information  security  programmes to  protect  the  security  of  corporate  data  as  well  as  personal  data  privacy  by  adopting  multiple means, for instance, password management, information output, dissemination, and backup. All employees have the responsibility to protect information security and for related parties of the Group,  such  as  suppliers,  service  providers,  their  responsibilities  to  safeguard  the  data  security have also be communicated and clarified to them.

Under the information security policy, our employees' duties include the following:

- Learn  and  understand  Company's  Information  Security  System  and  receive  information security-related  training;
- Protect  the  information  he/she  keeps  and  own,  and  establish  relevant  information  security policies,  strategies  and  procedures;
- Obliged to explain all the conducts in handling the information; and
- In  the  event  of  suspected  cases  that  information  is  not  properly  protected,  he/she  must promptly report to the security management representative.

In  addition  to  the  privacy  and  information  security  policy,  our  employees  are  bound  by  the terms of their employment  contracts, the employee confidentiality regulations and the employee  code  of  conduct  to  ensure  that  confidential  information  is  properly  protected  and such  information  is  kept  in  strict  confidence,  and  that  any  information  that  has  come  in  their possession  as  a  result  of  their  employment  with  us  will  not  be  disclosed  to  any  person  without the  prior  approval.  Any  unauthorized  copying,  dissemination  or  disclosure  of  confidential information, including identities and transaction records of customers, is strictly prohibited. The Group  has  disclosed  its  personal  data  protection  policy  on  its  website  in  order  to  enhance transparency  on  the  above  issue.  As  part  of  the  information  privacy  and  information  security programmes,  any  external  parties  such  as  users,  contractors  and  regulators,  are  welcomed  to report  complaints,  provide  suggestions  and  recommendations  regarding  our  privacy  policies through the dedicated channels on our website.

In  order  to  better  understand  the  user's  need,  the  Group  may  collect  the  personal  information of  users  with  their  consent.  The  Group's  practices  regarding  the  collection,  use,  preservation, disclosure,  transfer,  protection  and  access  of  information  are  in  accordance  with  the  law.  We explicitly  inform  user  the  Group's  data  retention  practices  and  the  ways  in  which  their  data  is used and obtain consent from online users and customers before we collect personal information,  and  use  them  only  for  their  intended  purpose,  and  destroy  these  data  when  they are  no  longer  required.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Aspect B7: Anti-corruption

The  Group  is  committed  to  adhering  to  the  highest  ethical  standards  and  maintaining  a corporate  culture  of  integrity  and  justice  for  preventing,  detecting  and  reporting  all  types  of fraud, including corruption.

The  Employee  Handbook  stipulates  that  if  an  employee  receives  money,  gifts  or  rebates  as bribes,  the  Group  has  the  right  to  terminate  the  employment  contract  and  reserves  the  right  to further  legal  action.  In  case  there  are  any  reported  case  regarding  corruption,  the  human resources  department  together  with  the  relevant  functional  departments  are  responsible  for investigation and those responsible will be disciplined where proven violation has occurred. Any non-compliance with the laws will be reported to law enforcement authorities for handling. The Group  also  requires  employees  to  sign  a  'Written  Commitment  on  Integrity'  to  prevent  any bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and  money  laundering  activities  happening  during  the  transactions with supplier and clients. Under  this written commitment,  employees  are committed  to maintaining  a  health  and  good  business  relationship  with  customers,  business  partners,  their colleagues and relatives and do not ask for or give away (including but not limited to transfer, lending, gifting, etc.)  any  material  improper  benefits.

As part of our internal grievance handling procedures, external parties such as users, contractors,  regulators  and  other  internal  employees,  can  report  complaints  to  us  which  can include actual or suspected cases of corruption or fraud, through our hotline and email listed at the bottom of the company websites.

Externally,  the  Group  operates  online  portals  for  different  categories  of  products  and  services and  has  standard  procedures  for  handling  complaints.  Each  portal  takes  immediate  action  on receipt  of  any  complaint,  resolving  such  or  following  up  until  resolution.  Complaints  are  filed weekly  for future reference. Internally, whistle-blowing procedure  includes mailboxes for employees  to  raise  concerns  or  report  any  misconduct  or  dishonest  activities,  such  as  suspected corruption, fraud and other forms of criminality, directly to the CEO and/or COO.

The  Group  cooperate  with  all  departments  to  promote  the  integrity  culture.  To  guide  all employees to understand and abide by the 'Written Commitment on Integrity', we carried out anti-corruption  trainings  and  system  promotion  for  employees  at  different  levels,  including board of directors and management members.

The  Group  is  committed  to  complying  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  in  areas  for  anticorruption, include but not limited to Anti-Unfair Competition Law of PRC ( 中華人民共和國反不 正當競爭法 )  and  Anti-Money  Laundering  Law  of  PRC( 中華人民共和國反洗錢法 ).  There  was  no significant  legal  case  or  incident  regarding  fraud  or  corruption  found  by  or  reported  to  the Company during the Reporting Period (2021: nil).

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## OUR COMMUNITY

## Aspect B8: Community Investment

The Group encourages employees to contribute their time and efforts in participating in various local  community  activities  and  events.  The  Group  creates  job  opportunities  for  the  community, and  also  takes  part  in  youth  development  initiatives  and  any  charitable  efforts  to  provide assistance  to  the  victims  who  suffered  from  the  natural  disasters.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

The  Board  is  pleased  to  present  the  annual  report  and  the  audited  consolidated  financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## GROUP REORGANISATION

The  Company  was  incorporated  on  27  August  2007  as  an  exempted  company  with  limited liability  under  the  Companies  Law,  Cap.  22,  (Law  3  of  1961,  as  combined  and  revised)  of  the Cayman  Islands.  The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company  of  the  companies  now comprising the Group.

The Company's shares have been listed on main board of the Stock Exchange since 18 December 2007. After the completion of group reorganisation as set out in the prospectus of the  Company  dated  5  December  2007  (the  'Prospectus'),  pursuant  to  an  agreement  dated 12 November 2007, the Company acquired the entire issued capital of Takehigh Industry Limited through a share  swap  and  became  the  holding  company  of  the  companies  now  comprising  the Group.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company  and  its  subsidiaries  are  principally  engaged  in the provision of internet advertising services in the People's Republic of China. The activities of its  subsidiaries  are  set  out  in  note  17  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  There  were  no significant  changes  in  the  nature  of  the  Group's  principal  activities  during  the  year.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A  review  of  the  Group's  business  during  the  year,  which  includes  a  discussion  of  the  principal risks  and  uncertainties  facing  by  the  Group,  an  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  using financial  key  performance  indicators,  particulars  of  important  events  affecting  the  Group,  an indication of likely future developments  in the Group's business and discussion on the Company's environmental policies and performances and the relationships with its stakeholders, can  be  found  in  the  Chairman's  Statement,  Management  Discussion  and  Analysis,  Corporate Governance  Report  and  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report  contained  in  this  annual report.  The  review  forms  part  contained  in  this  directors'  report.

## RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The results  of  the  Group  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated income statement on page 81.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final cash dividend of RMB10 cents per ordinary share  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (the  'Proposed  Final  Dividend'),  which  compares with  RMB10  cents  for  2021.  The  final  dividend  is  subject  to  the  shareholders'  approval  at  the Company's  forthcoming  annual  general  meeting  to  be  held  on  Friday,  12  May  2023  (the  '2023 AGM').  The  Proposed  Final  Dividend  will  be  paid  in  cash  on  Monday,  12  June  2023  to shareholders  whose  names  appear  on  the  register  of  members  of  the  Company  at  the  close  of business on Monday, 22 May 2023.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

For  determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the 2023 AGM, the register of members of  the  Company  will  be  closed  from  Tuesday,  9  May  2023  to  Friday,  12  May  2023,  both  days inclusive,  during  which  period  no  transfer  of  shares  of  the  Company  will  be  registered.  In  order to  be  eligible  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  2023  AGM,  unregistered  holders  of  shares  of  the Company  should  ensure  that  all  share  transfer  documents  accompanied  by  the  relevant  share certificates  must  be  lodged  with  the  Company's  branch  share  registrar  in  Hong  Kong,  Tricor Investor  Services  Limited,  17/F,  Far  East  Finance  Centre,  16  Harcourt  Road,  Hong  Kong,  for registration  not  later  than  4:30  p.m.  on  Monday,  8  May  2023.

For determining the entitlement to the Proposed Final Dividend, the register of members of the Company  will  also  be  closed  from  Friday,  19  May  2023  to  Monday,  22  May  2023,  both  days inclusive,  during  which  period  no  transfer  of  shares  of  the  Company  will  be  registered.  In  order to  be  eligible  to  receive  the  Proposed  Final  Dividend,  unregistered  holders  of  shares  of  the Company  should  ensure  that  all  share  transfer  documents  accompanied  by  the  relevant  share certificates  must  be  lodged  with  the  Company's  branch  share  registrar  in  Hong  Kong,  Tricor Investor  Services  Limited,  at  the  above  address,  for  registration  not  later  than  4:30  p.m.  on Thursday, 18 May 2023.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities  and  assets  less  liabilities  of  the  Group for  the  last  five  financial  years,  as  extracted  from  the  audited  financial  statements,  is  set  out  on page  162  of  the  annual  report.  This  summary  does  not  form  part  of  the  audited  financial statements.

## PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set  out in  note  13  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  movements  in  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  during  the  year  are  set  out  in  note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

Details  of  the  equity-linked  agreements  entered  into  by  the  Company  are  disclosed  under  the paragraphs headed 'Share Option Plan' and 'Share Award Scheme' in this directors' report.

## SHARE OPTION PLAN

The Company has adopted a Share Option Plan at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 19 May 2017. Summary of the Share Option Plan is as follows:

| 1. Purpose  To  advance  the  interests  of  the  Company  and  its  shareholders  by enabling  the  Company  to  grant  share  options  to  attract,  retain  and reward  the  eligible  persons,  to  provide  to  the  eligible  persons  a performance  incentive  for  continued  and  improved  services  with  the Company  and its subsidiaries, and to enhance such persons' contribution to increase the profits by encouraging capital accumulation and share ownership.  2. Participants Any directors (whether executive or non-executive and whether independent  or  not),  any  employee  (whether  full-time  or  part-time), any  consultant or  adviser  of  or  to  the  Company  or  the  Group (whether  on  an  employment,  contractual  or honorary  basis  and whether paid or unpaid), who, in the absolute opinion of the Board, have contributed to the Company or the Group.  3. Total  number of ordinary shares available  for  issue  113,320,566  shares,  being  approximately  10%  of  the  issued  share capital  as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report.  4. Maximum entitlement of  each  participant  Where  any  grant  or  further  grant  of  options  to  a  participant  would result  in  the  total  number  of  shares  issued  and  to  be  issued  upon exercise  of  all  the  options  already  granted  and  to  be  granted  to  such person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) in the 12-month  period  up  to  and  including  the  date  of  such  grant  or further grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the total number of  shares  in  issue,  such  grant  or  further  grant  must  be  separately approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.  Where  any grant or further grant of options to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive director of the Company,  or  any  of  their  respective  associates,  would  result  in  the total  number  of  shares  issued  and  to  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all options  already granted  and  to  be  granted  (including  exercised, cancelled  and  outstanding  options)  to  such  person  in  the  12-month period up to and including the date of such grant:  - (a) representing  in  aggregate  over  0.1%  of  the  relevant  class  of shares in  issue;  and  - (b) having  an  aggregate  value,  based  on  the  closing  price  of  the shares at the date of each grant, in excess of HKD5,000,000,  such  grant  or  further  grant  of  options  must  be  approved  by  the shareholders in a general meeting.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

<!-- image -->

| 5. Period within which the securities  must  be taken up under an option  An  option  may  be  exercised  at  any  time  during  a  period  to  be determined and notified by the Board to each grantee, but shall not be  more  than  10  years  from  the  date  of  grant  of  options  subject  to the provisions for early termination set out in the Share Option Plan.  6. Minimum period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised  There  is  no  minimum  period  for  which  an  option  granted  must  be held  before  it  can  be  exercised  except  otherwise  imposed  by  the directors.  7. Acceptance of offer  Options  granted  must  be  taken  up  within  28  days  from  the  date  of offer,  upon  payment of HKD1 per grant.  8. Basis  of  determining the exercise price  Determined by the Board but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the ordinary shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheet  on  the  date  of  offer  of  the  grant of  options,  which  must be a trading day; (ii) the average closing price of the ordinary shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheets for the five trading days immediately preceding the date  of  offer  of  the  grant  of  options;  and  (iii)  the  nominal  value  of an ordinary share of the Company.  9. Remaining life of the scheme  It  will  remain  in  force  for  a  period  of  10  years,  commencing  on 19 May 2017.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  number  of  share  options  available  for  grant  under  the  mandate  of  the  Share  Option  Plan as  at  1  January  2022  and  31  December  2022  were  113,320,566.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  has  no  outstanding  share  options  under  the  Share Option  Plan.  No  share  options  have  been  granted/exercised/cancelled/lapsed  under  the  Share Option Plan during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## SHARE AWARD SCHEME

The Board adopted a restricted share award scheme (the 'Share Award Scheme') on 10 January 2011 (the 'Adoption Date') as an incentive to retain and encourage the eligible participants for the  continual  operation  and  development  of  the  Group.  Eligible  participants  include  any director,  any  employee, any consultant or adviser of or to the Company or the Group and who, in  the  absolute  opinion  of  the  Board,  have  contributed  to  the  Company  or  the  Group.

Pursuant  to  the  Share  Award  Scheme,  the  Board  may,  from  time  to  time,  at  its  absolute discretion  select  eligible  participants  and  determine  the  number  of  shares  to  be  awarded.  The aggregate number of shares to be awarded by the Board throughout the duration of the Share Award  Scheme  shall  not  exceed  2.5%  of  the  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  as  at  the Adoption  Date.  The  term  of  the  Share  Award  Scheme  is  10  years  commencing  from  the Adoption Date and it has expired on 9 January 2021.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Given  that  the  2011  Restricted  Share  Award  Scheme  has  been  expired  on  9  January  2021  and among the threshold of up to 2.5% of the then issued share capital of the Company which the Board  can  award,  the  Board  had  already  awarded  nearly  half  of  it,  the  Board  has  resolved  on 21  December  2020  (the  'New  Adoption  Date')  to  adopt  a  new  restricted  share  award  scheme (the  'New Share Award Scheme') with a term of 10 years commencing from the New Adoption Date  as  an  incentive  to  retain  and  encourage  the  eligible  participants  for  the  continual operation and development  of the Group, pursuant to which the restricted shares are comprised of (i) new shares to be allotted and issued to selected participants under the general mandate or specific mandate sought from the shareholders of the Company in general meetings from  time  to  time;  and/or  (ii)  existing  shares  to  be  purchased  by  the  trustee  from  the  market out of cash contributed by the Group. The shares will be held in trust for the relevant selected participant  until  such  shares  are  vested  with  the  relevant  selected  participants  in  accordance with the provisions of the New Share Award Scheme.

The Board has implemented the New Share Award Scheme in accordance with the terms of the scheme  rules  including  to  provide  necessary  funds  to  the  trustee  for  purchase  of  shares  up  to the scheme mandate.

The New Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the Scheme Rules.

Summary of the New Share Award Scheme is as follows:

- The  purpose  and  objectives  of  the  New  Share  Award  Scheme  are:  (i)  to  recognise  and motivate the contribution of certain  eligible  participants  and  (ii)  to  provide  incentives  and help the Group in retaining its existing employees and recruiting additional employees and to  provide  them  with  a  direct  economic  interest  in  attaining  the  long-term  business objectives of the Company.
- The  eligible  participants  include  any  directors  (whether  executive  or  non-executive  and whether  independent  or  not), any employees  (whether  full time or part-time), any consultants or advisers of or to the Company or the Group (whether on an employment or contractual  or  honorary  basis  and  whether  paid  or  unpaid),  who,  in  the  opinion  of  the chief  operating  officer  or  the  senior  management  of  the  Group,  have  contributed  to  the Company or the Group.
- The  awarded  shares  to  be  granted  are  subject  to  acceptance  of  the  selected  participants within the time as stipulated in the grant letter.
- When the selected participant has satisfied all vesting conditions specified by the Board at the  time  of  making  the  award  and  become  entitled  to  the  shares  forming  the  subject  of the award, the trustee shall transfer the relevant vested shares to that eligible participant.

<!-- image -->

- The  Board  or  the  Management  Committee  shall  not  make  any  further  award  of  restricted shares  which  will  result  in  the  aggregate  number  of  restricted  shares  awarded  by  the Board  or  the  Management  Committee  throughout  the  duration  of  the  New  Share  Award Scheme  to  be  in  excess  of  5%  of  the  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company  as  at  the  New Adoption  Date.  The  maximum  number  of  restricted  shares  which  may  be  awarded  to  a selected  participant  under  the  New  Share  Award  Scheme  shall  not  exceed  0.5%  of  the issued share capital of the Company as at the New Adoption Date.
- The  total  number  of  shares  available  for  grant  under  the  New  Share  Award  Scheme  is 53,208,733  shares,  representing  approximately  4.7%  of  the  issued  share  capital  as  at  the date of this annual report.
- The New Share Award Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years, commencing on 21 December 2020.
- The trustee shall not exercise the voting rights in respect of any shares held under the trust (including but not limited to the awarded restricted shares, and further shares acquired out of  the  income  derived  therefrom).

Details  of  the  New  Share  Award Scheme were disclosed in the Company's announcements dated 21 December 2020 and 29 December 2020.

The movements in the number of shares held for the New Share Award Scheme are as follows:

## Involving issue of new shares of the Company

| Participants  Date of grant  Vesting date  Number of awarded shares  unvested  as  at  1  January  2022  vested  during  the year (Note)  unvested  as  at  31  December  2022  Employees  12 April 2021  15 April 2022  742,000  (742,000)  -  Consultant  12 April 2021  15 April 2022  800,000  (800,000)  -  1,542,000  (1,542,000)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Involving existing shares of the Company

| Participants  Date of grant  Vesting date  Number of awarded shares  unvested  as  at  1  January  2022  vested  during  the year (Note)  unvested  as  at  31  December  2022  Five  highest  paid  employees  13 April 2021  15 April 2022  1,809,250  (1,809,250)  -  Other employees  13 April 2021  15 April 2022  142,800  (142,800)  -  1,952,050  (1,952,050)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Note: During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  3,494,050  awarded  shares  were  vested  on  15  April  2022.  The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards were vested was HK$1.32.

The  number  of  share  awards  available  for  grant  under  the  mandate  of  the  New  Share  Award Scheme as at 1 January 2022 and 31 December 2022 were 53,208,733.

No  share  awards  have  been  granted/lapsed/cancelled  under  the  New  Share  Award  Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Company's  Articles  of  Association,  or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a prorata  basis  to  existing  shareholders.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY'S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither  the  Company  nor  any  of  its  subsidiaries  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed  any  of  the Company's listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2022.

## RESERVES

Details  of  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  during  the  year  are  set out in note 29 and note 24 to the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  had  distributable  reserves  amounting  to  RMB843.4 million  (2021:  RMB933.2 million).

Under  the  Companies  Act,  Cap.  22  (Law  3  of  1961,  as  combined  and  revised)  of  the  Cayman Islands, the share premium  account and the retained earnings are distributable to the shareholders  of  the  Company  provided  that  immediately  following  the  date  on  which  any dividend  is  proposed  to  be  distributed,  the  Company  will  be  able  to  pay  its  debts  as  they  fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

In  the  year  under  review,  sales  to  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  accounted  for  35.2%  of  the total  sales  for  the  year  and  sales  to  the  largest  customer  included  therein  amounted  to  13.8%. Purchases from the Group's five largest suppliers accounted for 17.3% of the total purchases for the year and purchase from the largest supplier included therein amounted to 6.3%.

None  of  the  directors  or  any  of  their  close  associates  or  any  shareholders  (which,  to  the  best knowledge  of  the  directors,  own  more  than  5%  of  the  number  of  issued  shares  of  the Company)  had  any  beneficial  interest  in  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  or  five  largest suppliers.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  had  924  employees  (2021:  1,119).  The  Group  determines  its staff's  remuneration based on factors such as qualifications and years of experience.

## COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As  far  as  the  Board  is  aware,  the  Company  has  complied  in  material  respects  with  the  relevant laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  business  and  operation  of  the Company.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contract  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial part  of  the  business  of  the  Group  were  entered  into  or  existed  during  the  year.

## DIRECTORS

The directors of the Company during the year were as follows:

Executive Directors: Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mr. Ho Kam Wah Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose

In  accordance  with  Article  87  of  the  Company's  Articles  of  Association,  Dr.  Lam  Wai  Yan  and Mr.  Thaddeus  Thomas  Beczak  shall  retire  from  office  by  rotation  at  the  2023  AGM  and,  be eligible,  will  offer  themselves  for  re-election  at  the  2023  AGM.

The  Company  has  received  annual  confirmations  of  independence  from  Mr.  Tsui  Yiu  Wa,  Alec, Mr.  Thaddeus  Thomas  Beczak  and  Mr.  Lam  Wai  Hon,  Ambrose  pursuant  to  Rule  3.13  of  the Listing Rules. The Company  considers the independent non-executive directors to be independent as at the date of this report.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the directors being proposed for re-election at the 2023 AGM has a service agreement with  the  Company,  which  is  not  determinable  by  the  Company  within  one  year  without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS

No  director  nor  a  connected  entity  of  a  director  had  a  material  interest,  either  directly  or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to the Group's businesses to which the Company,  its subsidiaries, its fellow subsidiaries or its holding companies was a party during the year.

## INDEMNITY OF DIRECTORS

A  permitted  indemnity  provision  (as  defined  in  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance)  for  the benefit  of  the  directors  of  the  Company  is  currently  in  force  and  was  in  force  throughout  the year.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  interests  of  the  directors  of  the  Company  in  the  shares  and underlying shares of the Company (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance  (the  'SFO'))  as  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  under Section  352  of  the  SFO  or  as  otherwise  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange pursuant to the Model Code were as follows:

## Interests  in  shares  of  the  Company

| Name of director  Long/  Short  position  Capacity  Number of  ordinary  shares in the  Company  Percentage of  the Company's  issued share  capital †  Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan  Long  Beneficial  owner  320,810,561  28.25%  Mr. Ho Kam Wah  Long  Interests  held  by  a  controlled  corporation (Note)  99,348,480  8.75%  Long  Beneficial  owner  3,491,565  0.31%  102,840,045  9.06%  Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing  Long  Beneficial  owner  3,458,015  0.30%  Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec  Long  Beneficial  owner  232,051  0.02%  Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak  Long  Beneficial  owner  232,051  0.02%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: These  shares  were  held  by  Treasure  Field  Holdings  Limited,  a  controlled  corporation  of  Mr.  Ho  Kam  Wah.

† The percentage represents the number of ordinary shares interested divided by the number of the Company's issued shares as at 31 December 2022.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2022, none of the directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares or debentures of  the  Company  or  any  associated  corporations  (within  the  meaning  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO) which  were  required  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  and  short  positions  which  he/she was  deemed or  taken  to  have  under  such  provisions  of  the  SFO)  or  which  were  required  to  be entered  into  the  register  kept  by  the  Company  pursuant  to  Section  352  of  the  SFO  or  which were  required  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  the  Model Code.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  above  paragraphs  headed  'Share  Option  Plan'  and  'Share  Award Scheme' in this directors' report and in note 24 to the consolidated financial statements, at no time during the year were rights to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures  of  the  Company  granted  to  any  director  or  their  respective  spouse  or  minor children,  or  were  any  such  rights  exercised  by  them;  or  was  the  Company,  its  holding  company, or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  or  fellow  subsidiaries  a  party  to  any  arrangement  to  enable  the directors  to  acquire  such  rights  in  any  other  body  corporate.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN THE SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES OF THE COMPANY

As  at  31  December  2022,  as  far  as  the  directors  of  the  Company  are  aware,  the  following persons  (other  than  the  directors  and  chief  executives  of  the  Company)  had  interests  of  5%  or more  in  the  shares  of  the  Company  as  recorded  in  the  register  required  to  be  kept  by  the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:

| Name of  substantial shareholder  Long/Short  position  Capacity  Number of  ordinary  shares in the  Company  Note  Percentage  of  the  Company's  issued share  capital †  Ms. Ma Muk Lan  Long  Interests  of  spouse  320,810,561  (1)  28.25%  Gallop Assets Management Limited  Long  Beneficial  owner  296,172,030  (2)  26.08%  J.P.  Morgan Trust Company  (Bahamas) Limited as trustee of  The Gallop Trust  Long  Trustee  296,172,030  (2)  26.08%  Treasure Field Holdings Limited  Long  Beneficial  owner  99,348,480  (3)  8.75%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (1) Ms. Ma Muk Lan was deemed to be interested in 320,810,561 shares of the Company through the interests of her spouse, Dr. Lam Wai Yan.
- (2) These shares were held by Gallop Assets Management Limited, the entire issued share capital of which was owned by  J.P.  Morgan  Trust  Company  (Bahamas)  Limited  as  trustee  of  The  Gallop  Trust.  As  such,  J.P.  Morgan  Trust Company (Bahamas) Limited as trustee of The Gallop Trust was deemed to be interested in 296,172,030 shares of the Company held by Gallop Assets Management Limited.
- (3) The interests of Treasure Field Holdings Limited was also disclosed as the interests of Mr. Ho Kam Wah in the above section  headed  'Directors'  interests  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  and  its  associated corporations'.
4. † The percentage represents the number of ordinary shares interested divided by the number of the Company's issued shares as at 31 December 2022.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  as  at  31  December  2022,  no  person,  other  than  the  directors  of  the Company  whose  interests  are  set  out  in  the  above  section  headed  'Directors'  interests  in  the shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  and  its  associated  corporations',  had  an  interest or  a  short  position  in  the  shares  and  underlying  shares  of  the  Company  as  recorded  in  the register  required  to  be  kept  by  the  Company  under  Section  336  of  the  SFO.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As  at  31  December  2022,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the  directors,  none  of  the  directors  and their  respective  associates  was  considered  to  have  any  interests  in  businesses  which  compete  or are likely  to  compete,  either  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the  businesses  of  the  Group,  other  than those  businesses  where  the  directors  were  appointed  as  directors  to  represent  the  interests  of the Company and/or the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Details  of  the  corporate  governance  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Corporate  Governance Report' in this annual report.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based  on  the  information  that  is  publicly  available  to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge of  the  directors  of  the  Company  as  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Company  has maintained a sufficient public float.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

A  summary  of  the  related  party  transactions  entered  into  the  Group  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 is contained in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

<!-- image -->

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  save  for  the  continuing  connected  transactions  as disclosed  below,  we  have  not  entered  into  any  connected  transaction  or  continuing  connected transaction  which  should  be  disclosed  pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  Rule  14A  of  the  Listing Rules.

## Structure Contract Transactions

The  Group  had  continuing  connected  transactions  in  the  form  of  structure  contracts  (the 'Structure Contract Transactions').

## PConline Structure Contracts

The  Group  conducts  its  online  advertising  business  through  Guangzhou  Yingxin  Computer Technology  Exchange  Co.,  Ltd.  ('GZ  Yingxin'),  Guangdong  Pacific  Internet  Information  Service Co.,  Ltd.  ('GDP  Internet')  and  the  subsidiaries  of  GDP  Internet  under  the  structure  contracts entered into with the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Guangzhou  Pacific Computer Information Consulting Co., Ltd. ('GZP Computer') (the 'Existing PConline Structure Contracts'). GZ  Yingxin,  a  company  incorporated  in  the  PRC  with  limited  liability  that  holds  100%  of  the equity  interest  of  GDP  Internet,  was  owned  as  to  40%  by  Ms.  Zhang  Cong  Min  ('Ms.  Zhang'), 30%  by  Ms.  Lu  Wu  Qing  ('Ms.  Lu')  and  30%  by  Ms.  Fan  Zeng  Chun  ('Ms.  Fan')  (collectively known as 'GZ Yingxin Shareholders'). On 10 September 2018, an equity transfer agreement was entered  into  between  Ms.  Lu  and  Ms.  Zhang  in  relation  to  the  transfer  of  Ms.  Lu's  equity interest  in  GZ  Yingxin  to  Ms.  Zhang.  After  the  said  transfer,  as  at  31  December  2018,  GZ Yingxin  was  owned  as  to  70%  by  Ms.  Zhang  and  30%  by  Ms.  Fan  (collectively  known  as 'Existing  GZ  Yingxin  Shareholders').  On  15  October  2018,  the  amended  and  restated  PConline structure contracts, entered by GZP Computer, GZ Yingxin, GDP Internet, Ms. Lu, Ms. Zhang and Ms.  Fan  (the  'Amended  and  Restated  PConline  Structure  Contracts'),  had  replaced  the  Existing PConline  Structure  Contracts.  On  14  February  2019,  an  equity  transfer  agreement  was  entered into  between  Ms.  Zhang  and  Ms.  Yang  Tian  Ying  ('Ms.  Yang')  in  relation  to  the  transfer  of Ms. Zhang's equity interest in GZ Yingxin to Ms. Yang. After the said transfer, as at 31  December  2019,  GZ  Yingxin  was  owned  as  to  70%  by  Ms.  Yang  and  30%  by  Ms.  Fan (collectively  known  as  'New  GZ  Yingxin  Shareholders').  On  15  February  2019,  the  further amended and restated PConline structure contracts, entered by GZP Computer, GZ Yingxin, GDP Internet  and  New  GZ  Yingxin  Shareholders  (the  'Further  Amended  and  Restated  PConline Structure  Contracts'),  had  replaced  the  Amended  and  Restated  PConline  Structure  Contracts. Pursuant to the Further Amended and Restated PConline Structure Contracts, the Company will operate  its  online  business  relating  to  the  portals  of  PConline,  PCauto  and  PCbady  through  GZ Yingxin, GDP Internet, and the subsidiaries of GDP Internet.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

As  a  result  of  the  Further  Amended  and  Restated  PConline  Structure  Contracts,  the  Group  can continue  to  recognize  and  receive  the  economic  benefit  of  the  business  and  operations  of  GZ Yingxin, GDP Internet and the subsidiaries of GDP Internet. The Further Amended and Restated PConline  Structure  Contracts  are  also  designed  to  provide  the  Company  with  effective  control over  and  (to  the  extent  permitted  by  PRC  law)  the  right  to  acquire  the  equity  interests  of  GZ Yingxin Shareholders in GZ Yingxin and the equity interests of GZ Yingxin in, or assets of, GDP Internet  and  the  subsidiaries  of  GDP  Internet.  Further  details  relating  to  the  Existing  PConline Structure Contracts/the Amended  and  Restated PConline Structure Contracts/the Further Amended  and  Restated  PConline  Structure  Contracts  are  disclosed  in  the  section  headed 'Structure  Contracts'  in  the  Prospectus  and  the  Company's  announcements  dated  16  October 2018 and 18 February 2019.

## PClady Structure Contracts

The  Company  envisaged  that  one  of  its  existing  portals,  PClady  (www.PClady.com.cn)  which  is specialized  in  women  lifestyle-related  topics,  would  be  able  to  attract  different  and  specific group  of  investors.  Under  the  structure  contracts  entered  into  with  the  Company's  whollyowned subsidiary, Guangzhou Fengwang Information Technology Co., Ltd. ('GZFW Technology') on  30  June  2015,  the  Group  conducts  its  online  business  relating  to  PClady  portal  through Guangzhou  Yingyue  Computer  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.  ('GZ  Yingyue'),  Guangzhou  Shangjin Internet Co., Ltd. ('GZS Internet') and Guangzhou  Shangjin  Advertising Co., Ltd. ('GZS Advertising')  (the  'PClady  Structure  Contracts').  GZ  Yingyue,  a  company  incorporated  in  the PRC  with  limited  liability  that  holds  100%  of  the  equity  interest  of  GZS  Internet  and  GZS Advertising  (a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  GZS  Internet),  was  owned  as  to  60%  by  Ms.  Zhang and 40% by Ms. Lu, (collectively known as 'GZ Yingyue Shareholders'). On 10 September 2018, an  equity  transfer  agreement  was  entered  into  between  Ms.  Lu  and  Ms.  Yang  Tian  Ying ('Ms.  Yang')  in  relation  to  the  transfer  of  Ms.  Lu's  equity  interest  in  GZ  Yingyue  to  Ms.  Yang. After  the  said  transfer,  as  at  31  December  2018,  GZ  Yingyue  was  owned  as  to  60%  by Ms.  Zhang  and  40%  by  Ms.  Yang  (collectively  known  as  'Existing  GZ  Yingyue  Shareholders'). On  15  October  2018,  the  amended  and  restated  PClady  structure  contracts,  entered  by  GZFW Technology,  GZ  Yingyue,  GZS  Internet,  Ms.  Lu,  Ms.  Zhang  and  Ms.  Yang  (the  'Amended  and Restated PClady Structure Contracts'), had replaced the PClady Structure Contracts. On 14  February  2019,  an  equity  transfer  agreement  was  entered  into  between  Ms.  Zhang  and Ms.  Fan  in  relation  to  the  transfer  of  Ms.  Zhang's  equity  interest  in  GZ  Yingyue  to  Ms.  Fan. After  the  said  transfer,  as  at  31  December  2019,  GZ  Yingyue  was  owned  as  to  60%  by  Ms.  Fan and 40% by Ms. Yang (collectively  known as  'New  GZ  Yingyue  Shareholders').  On  15  February 2019, the further amended  and  restated PClady structure contracts, entered by  GZFW Technology, GZ Yingyue, GZS Internet and New  GZ  Yingyue  Shareholders (the 'Further Amended  and  Restated  PClady  Structure  Contracts'),  had  replaced  the  Amended  and  Restated PClady  Structure  Contracts.  Pursuant  to  the  Further  Amended  and  Restated  PClady  Structure Contracts, the Company will operate its online business relating to the portal of PClady through GZ Yingyue, GZS Internet and GZS Advertising.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

As  a  result  of  the  Further  Amended  and  Restated  PClady  Structure  Contracts,  the  Group  can continue  to  recognize  and  receive  the  economic  benefit  of  the  business  and  operations  of  GZ Yingyue, GZS Internet and GZS Advertising. The Further Amended and Restated PClady Structure Contracts  are  also  designed  to  provide  the  Company  with  effective  control  over  and  (to  the extent permitted by PRC  law) the right to acquire the equity interests of  GZ  Yingyue Shareholders in GZ Yingyue and the equity interests of GZ Yingyue in, or assets of, GZS Internet and GZS Advertising. Further details relating to the PClady Structure Contracts/the Amended and Restated PClady Structure Contracts/the Further Amended  and  Restated PClady Structure Contracts  are  disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcements  dated  2  July  2015,  16  October  2018 and 18 February 2019.

## PChouse Structure Contracts

The Company operates its online business through Guangzhou Yingyou Information Technology Co.,  Ltd.  ('GZ  Yingyou'),  Guangzhou  Shangcong  Online  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.  ('GZ  Shangcong Online')  and  Guangzhou  Shangcong  Advertising  Co.,  Ltd.  ('GZ  Shangcong  Advertising')  ('the 'PChouse  Structure  Contracts').  GZ  Yingyou,  a  company  incorporated  in  the  PRC  with  limited liability  that  holds  100%  of  the  equity  interest  of  GZ  Shangcong  Online,  was  owned  as  to  60% by  Ms.  Zhang  and  40%  by  Ms.  Yang  (collectively  known  as  'GZ  Yingyou  Shareholders')  as  at 31  December  2019.  On  14  February  2019,  an  equity  transfer  agreement  was  entered  into between Ms. Zhang and Ms. Fan in relation to the transfer of Ms. Zhang's equity interest in GZ Yingyou to Ms. Fan. After the said transfer, as at 31 December 2019, GZ Yingyou was owned as to 60%  by Ms. Fan and 40%  by Ms. Yang (collectively known  as 'New  GZ  Yingyou Shareholders').  On  15  February  2019,  the  amended  and  restated  PChouse  structure  contracts, entered by  Guangzhou  Yurui  Information  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.  ('GZYR  Technology'),  GZ Yingyou, GZ Shangcong Online and New GZ Yingyou Shareholders (the 'Amended and Restated PChouse Structure  Contracts'),  had  replaced  the  Existing  PChouse  Structure  Contracts.  Pursuant to  the  Amended and Restated PChouse Structure Contracts, the Company will operate its online business  relating  to  the  portal  of  PChouse  through  GZ  Yingyou,  GZ  Shangcong  Online,  and  GZ Shangcong Advertising.

As  a  result  of  the  Amended  and  Restated  PChouse  Structure  Contracts,  the  Group  is  able  to recognize  and  receive  the  economic  benefit  of  the  business  and  operations  of  GZ  Yingyou,  GZ Shangcong  Internet  and  GZ  Shangcong  Advertising.  The  Amended  and  Restated  PChouse Structure  Contracts  are  also  designed  to  provide  the  Company  with  effective  control  over  and (to  the  extent  permitted  by  PRC  law)  the  right  to  acquire  the  equity  interests  of  GZ  Yingyou Shareholders  in  GZ  Yingyou  and  the  equity  interests  of  GZ  Yingyou  in,  or  assets  of,  GZ Shangcong  Online.  Further  details  relating  to  the  PChouse  Structure  Contracts/Amended  and Restated  PChouse  Structure  Contracts  are  disclosed  in  the  Company's  announcements  dated 7  August 2018 and 18 February 2019.

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  revenue  subject  to  the  Amended  and  Restated PConline  Structure  Contracts/Further  Amended  and  Restated  PConline  Structure  Contracts,  the Amended  and  Restated  PClady  Structure  Contracts/Further  Amended  and  Restated  PClady Structure  Contracts  and  PChouse  Structure  Contracts/Amended  and  Restated  PChouse  Structure Contracts  (collectively  the  'Contracts')  was  RMB795  million.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  total assets  subject  to  the  Contracts  was  RMB572  million.

## Risk  factors  in  relation  to  the  Contracts

The  risks  associated  with  the  Contracts  were  set  out  in  the  Prospectus  and  the  Company's announcements  dated  2  July  2015,  7  August  2018,  16  October  2018  and  18  February  2019  (the 'Announcements') and are highlighted as follows:

- If  the  PRC  government finds that the Contracts with the structure for operating the Group's businesses in China do not comply with the applicable PRC laws and regulations, or if these regulations  or  their  interpretations  change  in  the  future,  the  Group  could  be  subject  to severe  consequences,  including  the  nullification  of  the  contractual  arrangements  and  the relinquishment of the Group's interest in the domestic entities.
- The Company relies on the Contracts to control and obtain the economic benefits from the Group's domestic entities, which may not be as effective in providing operational control as direct  ownership.
- Certain terms of the Contracts may not be enforceable under the PRC laws.
- The  Existing  GZ  Yingxin  Shareholders/New  GZ  Yingxin  Shareholders,  Existing  GZ  Yingyou Shareholders/New  GZ  Yingyou  Shareholders  and  Existing  GZ  Yingyue  Shareholders/New  GZ Yingyue Shareholders may have conflicts of  interest  with  the  Group,  which  may  materially and adversely affect the Group's business.
- GZP  Computer,  GZFW  Technology  and  GZYR  Technology's  ability  to  acquire  the  respective entire  equity  interests  in  GZ  Yingxin,  GDP  Internet,  GZ  Yingyue,  GZS  Internet,  GZ  Yingyou and GZS Shangcong Online may be subject to the limitations and substantial costs.
- The Contracts may be subject to the scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed.

<!-- image -->

In  light  of  the  above  risks  associated  with  the  Contracts,  the  Group  has  adopted  relevant procedures  and  internal  control  measures  to  ensure  the  effective  operation  of  the  Group  and the  implementation  of  the  Contracts,  including  (i)  discuss  and  make  all  necessary  modification to  the  Contracts  in  order  to  maintain  the  economic  interests;  (ii)  regular  report  by  relevant divisions  of  the  Group  to  the  senior  management of the Company in relation to the compliance of  the  Contracts;  (iii)  regular  report  by  the  senior  management  of  the  Group  to  the  Board  any non-compliance  issues;  (iv)  retain  legal  adviser  and/or  other  professional  to  assist  the  Group  to deal  with  specific  issues  arising  from  the  Contracts,  if  required;  and  (v)  annual  review  by  the independent non-executive directors of the Company the compliance of the Contracts.

As at the date of this annual report, there has been no material change in the Contracts and/or the circumstances under which they were adopted.

The independent  non-executive directors of the Company  have  reviewed  the  continuing connected  transactions  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  confirmed  the  Structure Contract  Transactions  had  been  entered  into  in  accordance  with  the  relevant  provisions  of  the structure  contracts;  the  terms  of  the  structure  contracts  remain  unchanged  and  consistent  with those disclosed in the Prospectus and the Announcements; and no dividends have been made by GZ Yingxin to Existing GZ Yingxin Shareholders/New GZ Yingxin Shareholders, by GZ Yingyou to Existing  GZ  Yingyou  Shareholders/New  GZ  Yingyou  Shareholders  and  by  GZ  Yingyue  to  Existing GZ  Yingyue  Shareholders/New  GZ  Yingyue  Shareholders;  and  any  new  structural  contractual arrangements entered into, renewed and/or 'cloned' during the year ended 31 December 2022 are  fair  and  reasonable  so  far  as  the  Company  is  concerned  and  in  the  interests  of  the Company and its shareholders as a whole.

The  auditor  of  the  Company  was  engaged  to  report  on  the  Group's  continuing  connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 'Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information' and with  reference  to  Practice  Note  740  'Auditor's  Letter  on  Continuing  Connected  Transactions under  the  Hong  Kong  Listing  Rules'  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public Accountants.  The  auditor  of  the  Company  has  issued  its  unqualified  letter  containing  its findings  and  conclusions  in  respect  of  the  aforesaid  continuing  connected  transactions  in accordance  with  Listing  Rule  14A.56.  A  copy  of  the  auditor's  letter  has  been  provided  by  the Company to the Stock Exchange.

## AUDITOR

A  resolution  will  be  proposed  at  the  2023  AGM  to  re-appoint  Messrs.  PricewaterhouseCoopers as  auditor  of  the  Company.

On behalf of the Board Lam Wai Yan

Chairman

27 March 2023

<!-- image -->

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## To the Shareholders of Pacific Online Limited

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## QUALIFIED OPINION

## What we have audited

The  consolidated financial statements  of Pacific Online Limited (the  'Company')  and  its subsidiaries  (the  'Group'),  which  are  set  out  on  pages  81  to  161,  comprise:

- the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2022;
- the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;
- the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;
- the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
- the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
- the  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  which  include  significant  accounting policies  and  other  explanatory  information.

## Our qualified opinion

In  our  opinion,  except  for  the  possible  effects  of  the  matter  described  in  the  Basis  for  Qualified Opinion section of our report, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 December  2022, and of its consolidated  financial  performance  and  its  consolidated  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended  in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') issued by the Hong Kong Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  ('HKICPA')  and  have  been  properly  prepared  in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

PricewaterhouseCoopers, 22/F, Prince's Building, Central, Hong Kong T: +852 2289 8888, F: +852 2810 9888, www.pwchk.com

## BASIS FOR QUALIFIED OPINION

As  explained  in  Note  21  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  Group  invested  in  a private fund (the 'Fund') which was classified as investment in financial assets measured at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet. Based on the net asset value statement provided by the Fund's  administrator,  management  assessed  the  fair  value  of  the  investment  in  financial  assets was RMB40,600,000 as at 31 December 2022 and RMB67,546,000 as at 1 January 2022, of which RMB8,753,000 represented certain investments in cryptocurrencies (the 'Cryptocurrency Investments')  as  at  31  December  2022  and  RMB39,036,000  as  at  1  January  2022.  For  the  year ended 31 December 2022, the fair value loss of the investment in financial assets recognised in the consolidated income statement was RMB26,946,000, of which RMB30,283,000 was attributable to the Cryptocurrency Investments.

The  Fund  stored  the  Cryptocurrency  Investments  in  two  custodians  appointed  by  the  Fund  (the 'Custodians') and in wallets under self-custody. With respect to the Cryptocurrency Investments stored  with  the  Custodians,  service  auditor's  assurance  reports  on  the  systems  and  controls  of one  of  the  Custodians  were  not  available.  Though  we  were  able  to  obtain  the  independent service  auditor's  assurance  reports  of  the  other  one  Custodian,  such  reports  did  not  cover certain controls of that custodian relating  to  management  of  the  private  keys  and  the associated  digital  wallets.  As  we  were  not  given  access  to  both  of  the  Custodians,  we  were unable  to  carry  out  any  alternative  testing  of  their  internal  controls.  With  respect  to  the Cryptocurrency Investments stored in wallets under self-custody by the Fund, we were unable to test the Fund's  controls or processes on  wallet  creation and  key  generation,  as  well  as preservation  and  backup  of  the  private  keys.  The  same  audit  scope  limitations  were  in  place  in the  year  2021  resulting  in  the  issuance  of  a  qualified  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2021.

Given  the  abovementioned  scope  limitations,  there  were  no  other  satisfactory  procedures  that we could perform to satisfy ourselves as to the existence and sole ownership of the Cryptocurrency  Investments  of  the  Fund  as  at  31  December  2022  and  1  January  2022,  and  the changes  in  fair  value  of  the  Cryptocurrency  Investments  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022. Therefore,  we  were  unable  to  determine  whether  any  adjustment  were  necessary  in  respect  of the  balance  of  the  Fund's  Cryptocurrency  Investments  as  at  31  December  2022  and  1  January 2022,  which  has  consequential  impacts  on  the  Group's  investment  in  financial  assets  as  at 31  December 2022 and 1 January 2022 and the changes in fair value of the Group's investment in  financial  assets  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022.

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing ('HKSAs') issued by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  section  of  our  report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis  for  our  qualified  opinion.

## Independence

We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  HKICPA's  Code  of  Ethics  for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment,  were  of  most significance  in  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  These matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not  provide  a  separate  opinion  on these  matters.  In  addition  to  the  matters  described  in  Basis  for  Qualified  Opinion  section,  we have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matter to have communicated in  our  report.

Key audit matter identified in our audit relates to recoverability of trade receivables.

| Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the  Key Audit Matter  Recoverability of Trade Receivables  Refer  to  Note  4(a)  (critical  accounting  estimates  and  judgments)  and  Note  20  (trade  receivables)  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  net  book  value  of  t r a d e  r e c e i v a b l e s  amounted  to  RMB432,665,000  (after  the  provision  of  RMB200,563,000), which approximated to 35%  of  the  Group's  total  assets.  The  Group  applied  the  HKFRS  9  simplified  approach to measure lifetime expected credit  losses  ('ECL')  allowance for trade receivables.  Management  estimated  the  ECL  rate,  individually,  for  the  trade  receivables  identified  as  significant  to  the  Group  or  with  objective  evidence  of  i mpairment,  by  considering  the  market  conditions,  their  knowledge  about  the  customers  (including  their  reputation,  financial  capability  and  payment  history),  the  current  and  forward-  looking  information  on  macroeconomic  factors,  and  the  subsequent  settlement  of  each customer.  Our  audit  procedures  i n  relation  to  management's assessment  on  the  impairment  of  trade  receivables  included:  We understood, evaluated and validated, on a  sampling basis, the key controls in place over  management's  assessment  on  ECL  of  trade  receivables  and  assessed  the  inherent  risk  of  material  misstatement  by  considering  the  degree  of  estimation  uncertainty  and  other  inherent risk factors;  We  obtained  t h e  documentation  of  management's  assessment  on  ECL  of  trade  receivables.  We  discussed  with  management  to  understand  the  ECL  model  and  estimates  used to assess the ECL rate. We evaluated the  management's  estimated  ECL  by  considering  the  reputation  and  financial  capability  of  the  customers  against  the  publicly  available  i n f o r m a t i o n ,  and  the  cash  collection  performance  against  the  historical  payment  records.  We  also  considered  and  evaluated  the appropriateness of the impairment model  adopted by management.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

| Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the  Key Audit Matter  Recoverability  of  Trade  Receivables  (continued)  Management  estimated  the  ECL  rate,  collectively,  for  other  insignificant  trade  receivables,  by  considering  the  market  conditions, the aging profile, and the current  and  forward-looking  i n f o r m a t i o n  on  macroeconomic  factors  that  relevant  to  determine  the  ability  of  customers  to  settle  the receivables in the future.  The  judgements  and  estimations  are  subject  to  high  degree of estimation uncertainty. The  inherent  risk  in  relation  to  the  assessment  of  ECL  of  trade  receivables  is  considered  relatively  higher  due  to  uncertainty  of  significant  assumptions used.  We  focused  on  this  area  because  of  the  significance  of  the  trade  receivables  balance  and management's judgements involved in the  impairment assessment.  We tested,  on  a  sampling  basis,  the  accuracy  of  the  trade  receivables  aging  report  prepared  by  management.  We  compared  the  historical  credit  losses  incurred  with  the  historical  ECL.  We  evaluated  whether  management's  assessment  on  the  current  and  forward-  looking  macroeconomic  factors  that  impact  the  ability  of  customers  to  settle  the  trade  receivables  in  the  future  was  appropriate  by  considering the external market information.  We  checked  the  subsequent  settlement  of  trade  receivables  on  a  sampling  basis  to  the  relevant bank receipts.  We found that management's judgments and  estimates  used  i n  the  assessment  of  recoverability  of  trade  receivables  were  supported by available evidence.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises  all  of  the  information  included  in  the  annual  report  other  than  the  consolidated financial  statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to read  the  other  information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this  other  information,  we  are  required  to  report  that  fact.  As  described  in  the  Basis  for Qualified  Opinion  section  above,  we  were  unable  to  obtain  sufficient  appropriate  evidence about the fair value of the Cryptocurrency Investments of RMB8,753,000 and the changes in fair value  loss  of  the  Cryptocurrency  Investments  of  RMB30,283,000.  Accordingly,  we  are  unable  to conclude  whether  or  not  the  other  information  is  materially  misstated  with  respect  to  this matter.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong  Companies  Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated financial  statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to going  concern  and  using  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  the  directors  either intend  to  liquidate  the  Group  or  to  cease  operations,  or  have  no  realistic  alternative  but  to  do so.

Those  charged  with  governance  are  responsible  for  overseeing  the  Group's  financial  reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to  issue  an  auditor's  report  that  includes  our  opinion.  We  report  our  opinion  solely  to  you,  as  a body,  and  for  no  other  purpose.  We  do  not  assume  responsibility  towards  or  accept  liability  to any  other  person  for  the  contents  of  this  report.  Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of assurance,  but  it  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with  HKSAs  will always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or error  and  are  considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be expected to  influence  the  economic  decisions  of  users  taken  on  the  basis  of  these  consolidated financial  statements.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  HKSAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to  those  risks,  and  obtain  audit  evidence  that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material  misstatement  resulting  from fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and  the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  directors'  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of accounting  and,  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty exists  related  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our opinion.  Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our auditor's  report.  However,  future  events  or  conditions  may  cause  the  Group  to  cease  to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial statements,  including  the  disclosures,  and  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner  that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the entities  or  business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated financial  statements.  We  are  responsible  for  the  direction,  supervision  and  performance  of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We  communicate  with  those  charged  with  governance  regarding,  among  other  matters,  the planned  scope  and  timing  of  the  audit  and  significant  audit  findings,  including  any  significant deficiencies  in  internal  control  that  we  identify  during  our  audit.

We also  provide  those  charged  with  governance  with  a  statement  that  we  have  complied  with relevant  ethical  requirements  regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all relationships  and  other  matters  that  may  reasonably  be  thought  to  bear  on  our  independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

From  the  matters  communicated  with  those  charged  with  governance,  we  determine  those matters  that  were  of  most  significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of the  current  period  and  are  therefore  the  key  audit  matter.  We  describe  the  matter  in  our auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when, in  extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The  engagement  partner  on  the  audit  resulting  in  this  independent  auditor's  report  is  Au  Chi Ho.

## PricewaterhouseCoopers

Certified  Public  Accountants

Hong Kong, 27 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  5  813,728  852,153  Cost of revenue  6  (482,602)  (452,785)  Gross profit  331,126  399,368  Selling  and  marketing costs  6  (189,188)  (210,486)  Administrative expenses  6  (64,472)  (78,807)  Product development expenses  6  (65,138)  (66,727)  Net impairment losses on trade and other receivables  3.1(b)  (16,945)  (44,985)  Other income  8  15,600  11,324  Other (losses)/gains  21  (26,946)  36,685  Operating (loss)/profit  (15,963)  46,372  Finance income  12,957  6,909  Finance cost  (6)  (44)  Finance income - net  9  12,951  6,865  (Loss)/profit  before  income tax  (3,012)  53,237  Income tax expense  10  (3,998)  (1,386)  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  (7,010)  51,851  Attributable to:  - Equity holders of the Company  (6,654)  49,920  - Non-controlling interests  (356)  1,931  (7,010)  51,851  (Losses)/earnings per share for (loss)/profit  attributable to equity holders of  the Company for the year  - Basic and diluted (RMB)  11  (0.59)  cents  4.41  cents   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated income statement should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  (7,010)  51,851  Other comprehensive income  -  -  Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax  -  -  Total  comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  (7,010)  51,851  Attributable to:  - Equity holders of the Company  (6,654)  49,920  - Non-controlling interests  (356)  1,931  (7,010)  51,851   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of comprehensive income should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Right-of-use assets  14  14,774  15,261  Property and equipment  13  174,540  180,342  Investment properties  15  51,803  53,563  Intangible assets  16  7,841  7,802  Deferred income tax assets  19  68,502  60,289  Investment in financial assets  21  40,600  67,546  358,060  384,803  Current assets  Trade and note receivables, other receivables and  prepayments  20  473,254  429,406  Prepayments for current income tax  -  14,650  Short-term bank deposits with original terms of  over three months  22  -  90,740  Cash and cash equivalents  22  399,985  391,010  873,239  925,806  Total  assets  1,231,299  1,310,609  EQUITY  Ordinary shares  23  10,504  10,491  Reserves  24  831,680  947,811  Equity attributable to equity holders  of  the  Company  842,184  958,302  Non-controlling interests  4,634  4,990  Total  equity  846,818  963,292   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  14  28  31  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables  25  290,058  266,345  Contract liabilities  5  48,756  43,102  Current income tax liabilities  45,287  37,321  Lease liabilities  14  352  518  384,453  347,286  Total  liabilities  384,481  347,317  Total  equity  and  liabilities  1,231,299  1,310,609   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  consolidated  balance  sheet  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

| Attributable to equity holders of  the Company  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  Ordinary  shares  Reserves  Subtotal  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Balance as at 1 January 2021  10,491  1,049,655  1,060,146  5,309  1,065,455  Comprehensive income  Profit  for  the  year  -  49,920  49,920  1,931  51,851  Total  comprehensive income  -  49,920  49,920  1,931  51,851  Transactions with shareholders  Cash dividends relating to 2020  12  -  (147,120)  (147,120)  (2,250)  (149,370)  Share Award Scheme  - purchase of shares held for share award scheme  24(a)  -  (7,736)  (7,736)  -  (7,736)  - value of employee services  24(a)  -  3,092  3,092  -  3,092  Balance as at 31 December 2021  10,491  947,811  958,302  4,990  963,292  Comprehensive loss  Loss  for  the  year  -  (6,654)  (6,654)  (356)  (7,010)  Total  comprehensive loss  -  (6,654)  (6,654)  (356)  (7,010)  Transactions with shareholders  Cash dividends relating to 2021  12  -  (113,164)  (113,164)  -  (113,164)  Share Award Scheme  - shares issued  23  13  (13)  -  -  -  - value of employee services  24(a)  -  3,700  3,700  -  3,700  Balance as at 31 December 2022  10,504  831,680  842,184  4,634  846,818   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of changes in equity should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash generated from operations  26(a)  11,332  164,671  Income tax refund received/(paid)  10,405  (35,117)  Net cash generated from operating activities  21,737  129,554  Cash flows from investing activities  Placement of short-term bank deposits with  original  terms  of  over  three  months  (121,760)  (139,749)  Receipt from maturity of short-term bank deposits  with original terms of over three months  212,500  166,258  Interest  received  8,919  6,252  Purchase of property and equipment  13  (3,166)  (3,579)  Disposals of property and equipment  13  237  252  Purchase of intangible assets  16  (48)  (8)  Receipt from redemption of investment  -  31,924  Dividends received  8  376  496  Net cash generated from investing activities  97,058  61,846  Cash flows from financing activities  Cash dividends paid  12  (113,164)  (149,370)  Lease payments  26(b)  (771)  (748)  Purchase of shares held for share award scheme  -  (7,736)  Net cash used in financing activities  (113,935)  (157,854)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  4,860  33,546  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  391,010  356,807  Exchange gains on cash and cash equivalents  9  4,115  657  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  22  399,985  391,010   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  above  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the accompanying notes.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

## (a) General information

Pacific  Online  Limited  (the  'Company')  was  incorporated  on  27  August  2007  as  an exempted  company  with  limited  liability  under  the  Company  Law,  Cap.22,  (Law  3  of 1961,  as  combined  and  revised)  of  the  Cayman  Islands.  The  address  of  its  registered office  is  Second  Floor,  Century  Yard,  Cricket  Square,  P.O.  Box  902,  Grand  Cayman, KY1-1103, Cayman Islands.

The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (together,  the  'Group')  are  principally  engaged  in the  provision  of  internet  advertising  services  in  the  People's  Republic  of  China  (the 'PRC').

The Company has its shares listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited since 18 December 2007.

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  Renminbi  ('RMB'),  unless otherwise stated.

These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the board of directors  (the  'Board')  of  the  Company  on  27  March  2023.

## (b) Operations of the online advertising business of the Group

The PRC laws and regulations limit foreign ownership of companies providing value-added telecommunications services, which include online advertising through the internet.  In  order  for  the  Group  to  provide  such  services  in  the  PRC,  the  following arrangements have been made:

## -Establishment of Guangzhou Yingxin Computer Technology Exchange Co., Ltd.  ( 廣州英鑫計算機科技交流有限公司 ,  'GZ  Yingxin')

GZ  Yingxin,  a  PRC  limited  liability  company,  was  established  on  25  November 2003  by  Ms.  Zhang  Cong  Min,  Ms.  Fan  Zeng  Chun  and  Ms.  Lu  Wu  Qing, employees of Takehigh Industrial Limited ( 裕向實業有限公司 )  ('Takehigh') and its subsidiaries  (together,  the  'Takehigh  Group'),  who  are  PRC  citizens  as  its  legal owners (the '3 Registered Owners'). Takehigh also made  loans to the 3 Registered  Owners  for  financing  their  initial  working  capital  in  establishing  GZ Yingxin.  Through  the  execution  of  various  contracts  and  agreements  (collectively defined as 'Structure Contracts', see below for more details) among  the Takehigh  Group,  GZ  Yingxin  and  the  3  Registered  Owners,  the  Takehigh  Group controls  GZ  Yingxin.  GZ  Yingxin  has  been  accounted  for  as  a  subsidiary  of  the Takehigh Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## (b) Operations of the online advertising business of the Group (Continued)

## -Transfer/acquisition of equity ownership of certain PRC operating companies to GZ Yingxin

Through various equity transfer arrangements commenced after the establishment of  GZ  Yingxin,  all  the  equity  interests  of  two  operating  companies  in  the  PRC, Guangzhou  Pacific Advertising Co., Ltd. ( 廣州市太平洋廣告有限公司 , 'GZP Advertising')  and  Guangdong  Pacific  Internet  Information  Service  Co.,  Ltd.  ( 廣東 太平洋互聯網信息服務有限公司 ,  'GDP  Internet')  were  transferred  to  GZ  Yingxin  in August 2007.

Thereafter,  GZ  Yingxin  became  the  holding  company  of  GDP  Internet  and  GZP Advertising.

## -Structure Contracts arrangements made between Takehigh Group and GZ Yingxin Group

In  addition  to  GZ  Yingxin's  arrangement,  Structure  Contracts  have  also  been executed among Guangzhou Pacific Computer Information Consulting Co., Ltd. ( 廣 州太平洋電腦信息諮詢有限公司 ,  'GZP  Computer'),  a  subsidiary  of  the  Takehigh Group,  the  subsidiaries  of  GZ  Yingxin,  and  the  3  Registered  Owners.  Through these  contractual  arrangements,  Takehigh  can  exercise  effective  financial  and operational  control  over  GZ  Yingxin  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  the  'GZ Yingxin Group'). Takehigh and GZP Computer are also entitled to substantially all the operating profits and residual benefits generated by GZ Yingxin Group under these arrangements. In particular, the 3 Registered Owners are required under the contractual arrangements made  with  the Takehigh Group  to transfer their interests  in  GZ  Yingxin  to  the  Takehigh  Group  or  its  designee,  upon  the  Takehigh Group's request at the lowest amount of consideration permitted by PRC law and upon the time when the relevant PRC law and regulations allow such to do so.

Further,  the  Takehigh  Group  owns  the  intellectual  property  developed  by  GDP Internet  and  it  also  receives  the  cash  flows  derived  from  the  operations  of  GDP Internet  and  its  subsidiaries  through  the  levying  of  service  and  consultancy  fees. The  ownership  interests  in  GZ  Yingxin  and  GDP  Internet  have  also  been  pledged by the 3 Registered Owners to the Takehigh Group.

As  a  result  of  the  contractual  arrangements,  Takehigh  has  rights  to  variable returns  from  its  involvement  with  GZ  Yingxin  Group  and  has  ability  to  affect those  returns  through  its  power  over  GZ  Yingxin  Group  and  is  considered  to control GZ Yingxin Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## (b) Operations of the online advertising business of the Group (Continued)

## -Similar Structure Contracts arrangements made subsequent to GZ Yingxin Group

Similar  Structure  Contracts  were also executed for other PRC operating companies established  by  the  Group  subsequently.  All  these  PRC  operating  companies  are treated  as  controlled  structured  entities  of  the  Company  and  their  financial statements have been consolidated by the Company.

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

This  note  provides  a  list  of  the  significant  accounting  policies  adopted  in  the  preparation of  these  consolidated  financial  statements.  These  policies  have  been  consistently  applied  to all  the  years  presented,  unless  otherwise  stated.

## 2.1 Basis  of  preparation

## (i) Compliance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards ('HKFRSs') and Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622)

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  have  been  prepared  in accordance  with  HKFRSs  and  the  disclosure  requirements  of  the  Hong  Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622).

## (ii) Historical  cost  convention

The  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  historical  cost basis,  except  for  Investment  in  financial  assets,  which  is  measured  at  fair  value.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.1  Basis  of  preparation  (Continued)

## (iii)  New  and  amended standards adopted by the Group

The  Group  has  applied  the  following  amendments  or  annual  improvements  for the first  time  for  their  annual  reporting  period  commencing  1  January  2022:

- Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use - Amendments to  Hong Kong Accounting Standards ('HKAS') 16;
- Onerous  Contracts  -  Cost  of  Fulfilling  a  Contract  -  Amendments  to  HKAS 37;
- Annual Improvements to HKFRS Standards 2018-2020;
- Reference to the Conceptual Framework - Amendments to HKFRS 3; and
- Amendments to AG 5 Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations.

The amendments  listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised  in  prior  periods  and  are  not  expected  to  significantly  affect  the current or future periods.

## (iv)  New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations not yet adopted

Certain  new  accounting  standards,  amendments  to  accounting  standards  and interpretations  have  been  published  that  are  not  mandatory  for  31  December 2022  reporting  periods  and  have  not  been  early  adopted  by  the  Group.  These standards,  amendments  or  interpretations  are  not  expected  to  have  a  material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.1  Basis  of  preparation  (Continued)

## (iv)  New standards, amendments to standards and interpretations not yet adopted (Continued)

| Effective for  annual periods  beginning on  or  after  HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1  January  2023  Amendments to  HKFRS 17  Amendments to HKFRS 17  1  January  2023  Amendments to  HKAS 1 and HKFRS  Practice  Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1  January  2023  Amendments to  HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting  Estimates  1  January  2023  Amendments to  HKFRS 4  Extension of the Temporary  Exemption from Applying  HKFRS 9  1  January  2023  Amendments to  HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and  Liabilities  arising  from  a  Single  Transaction  1  January  2023  Hong Kong  Interpretation 5  (2020)  Hong Kong Interpretation 5  (2020) Presentation of Financial  Statements - Classification  by the Borrower of  a  Term Loan that Contains  a  Repayment on Demand Clause  (HK Int 5 (2020))  1  January  2024  Amendments to  HKAS 1  Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current or Non-current  1  January  2024  Amendments to  HKFRS 10 and  HKAS 28  Sale  or  contribution  of  assets  between an investor and  its  associate  or  joint  venture  To be determined   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.2 Principles  of  consolidation  and  equity  accounting

## 2.2.1  Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries  are  all  entities  (including  structured  entities)  over  which  the  Group has  control.  The  Group  controls  an  entity  where  the  Group  is  exposed  to,  or  has rights  to,  variable  returns  from  its  involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  to  direct  the  activities  of  the  entity. Subsidiaries  are  fully  consolidated  from  the  date  on  which  control  is  transferred to  the  Group.  They  are  deconsolidated  from  the  date  that  control  ceases.

The directors of the Company have concluded that it is appropriate to include the PRC  operating  companies  under  Structure  Contracts  as  stated  in  Note  17(a)  in  its consolidated  financial  statements,  notwithstanding  lack  of  the  legal  ownership, because  as  described  in  Note  1(b),  the  Company  has  rights  to  variable  returns from  its  involvement  with  these  companies  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those returns  through  its  power  over  these  companies  and  is  considered  to  control these companies. Consequently, the Company  regards these companies as consolidated structured entities under HKFRSs.

Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between  group  companies  are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also  eliminated unless  the  transaction  provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  transferred asset.  Accounting  policies  of  subsidiaries  have  been  changed  where  necessary  to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

Non-controlling  interests  in  the  results  and  equity  of  subsidiaries  are  shown separately in the consolidated income  statement,  consolidated  statement  of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated balance sheet, respectively.

## 2.2.2  Associates

Associates  are  all  entities  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence  but  not control or joint control. This is  generally  the  case  where  the  Group  holds between  20%  and  50%  of  the  voting  rights.  Investments  in  associates are accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  of  accounting  (Note  2.2.3),  after  initially being recognised at cost.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.2 Principles  of  consolidation  and  equity  accounting  (Continued)

## 2.2.3 Equity  accounting

Under  the  equity  method  of  accounting,  the  investments  are  initially  recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group's share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group's share  of  movements  in  other  comprehensive  income  of  the  investee  in  other comprehensive  income.  Dividends  received or receivable from  associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

Where  the  Group's  share  of  losses  in  an  equity-accounted  investment  equals  or exceeds its interest in the entity, including  any  other  unsecured  long-term receivables,  the  Group  does  not  recognise  further  losses,  unless  it  has  incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

Unrealised gains on  transactions between  the  Group  and  its  associates are eliminated  to  the  extent  of  the  Group's  interest  in  these  entities.  Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment  of  the  asset  transferred.  Accounting  policies  of  equity-accounted investees  have  been  changed  where  necessary  to  ensure  consistency  with  the policies  adopted by the Group.

The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy described in Note 2.9.

## 2.2.4 Changes in ownership interests

The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a  loss  of  control  as  transactions  with  equity  owners  of  the  Group.  A  change  in ownership interest results in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling  and  non-  controlling  interests  to  reflect  their  relative  interests  in  the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount  of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.2 Principles  of  consolidation  and  equity  accounting  (Continued)

## 2.2.4 Changes in ownership interests (Continued)

When  the  Group  ceases  to  consolidate  or  equity  account  for  an  investment because  of  a  loss  of  control  or  significant  influence,  any  retained  interest  in  the entity is remeasured  to  its fair  value  with  the  change  in  carrying  amount recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  This  fair  value  becomes  the  initial  carrying  amount for  the  purposes  of  subsequently  accounting  for  the  retained  interest  as  an associate,  joint  venture  or  financial  asset.  In  addition,  any  amounts  previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for  as  if  the  Group  had  directly  disposed  of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities.  This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified  to  profit  or  loss  or  transferred  to  another  category  of  equity  as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.

If  the  ownership  interest  in  an  associate  is  reduced  but  significant  influence  is retained,  only  a  proportionate  share  of  the  amounts  previously  recognised  in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.

## 2.2.5 Business  combinations

The acquisition method  of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether  equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:

- fair  values  of  the  assets  transferred;
- liabilities  incurred  to  the  former  owners  of  the  acquired  business;
- equity interests issued by the Group;
- fair  value  of  any  asset  or  liability  resulting  from  a  contingent  consideration arrangement, and
- fair  value  of  any  pre-existing  equity  interest  in  the  subsidiary.

Identifiable  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  assumed  in  a business  combination  are,  with  limited  exceptions,  measured  initially  at  their  fair values  at  the  acquisition  date.  The  Group  recognises  any  non-controlling  interest in  the  acquired  entity  on  an  acquisition-by-acquisition  basis  either  at  fair  value  or at  the  non-controlling  interest's  proportionate  share  of  the  acquired  entity's  net identifiable  assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.2 Principles  of  consolidation  and  equity  accounting  (Continued)

## 2.2.5 Business  combinations (Continued)

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred. The excess of the:

- consideration transferred,
- amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and
- acquisition-date  fair  value  of  any  previous  equity  interest  in  the  acquired entity.

Over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If  those  amounts  are  less  than  the  fair  value  of  the  net  identifiable  assets  of  the business  acquired,  the  difference  is  recognised  directly  in  profit  or  loss  as  a bargain purchase.

Contingent  consideration  is  classified  either  as  equity  or  a  financial  liability. Amounts  classified  as  a  financial  liability  are  subsequently  remeasured  to  fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.

If  the  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  acquisition  date  carrying value of the acquirer's previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.

## 2.3  Separate financial statements

Interests  in  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  at  cost  less  impairment.  Cost  includes  direct attributable  costs  of  investment.  The  results  of  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  by  the Company on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

Impairment  testing  of the interests in subsidiaries is required upon  receiving a dividend  from  these  investments  if  the  dividend  exceeds  the  total  comprehensive income  of  the  subsidiary  in  the  period  the  dividend  is  declared  or  if  the  carrying amount  of  the  investment  in  the  separate  financial  statements  exceeds  the  carrying amount in the consolidated financial  statements  of  the  investee's  net  assets  including goodwill.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.4  Segment reporting

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting provided to the chief  operating  decision-makers.  The  chief  operating  decision-makers, who  are responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, have been  identified as the executive directors that  make strategic  decisions.

## 2.5  Foreign currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of  the  Group's  entities  are measured  using  the  currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the entity  operates  (the  'functional  currency').  The  consolidated  financial  statements are  presented  in  RMB,  which  is  the  functional  and  presentation  currency  of  all the individual entities of the Group.

## (b) Transactions and balances

Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange  rates  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions.  Foreign  exchange  gains  and losses  resulting  from  the  settlement  of  such  transactions  and  from  the  translation of  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  at  year  end exchange  rates  are  generally  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  They  are  deferred  in equity if  they  relate  to  qualifying  cash  flow  hedges  and  qualifying  net  investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the statement of profit or loss on a net basis within finance income - net.

Non-monetary  items  that  are  measured  at  fair  value  in  a  foreign  currency  are translated using the exchange  rates at the date when  the  fair value  was determined.  Translation  differences  on  assets  and  liabilities  carried  at  fair  value are  reported  as  part  of  the  fair  value  gain  or  loss.  For  example,  translation differences  on  non-monetary  assets  and  liabilities  such  as  equities  held  at  fair value  through  profit  or  loss  ('FVPL')  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  as  part  of the  fair  value  gain  or  loss  and  translation  differences  on  non-monetary  assets such as equities classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income ('FVOCI') are recognised in other comprehensive income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.5  Foreign currency translation (Continued)

## (c) Group companies

The results and financial position of all the group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different  from  the  presentation  currency  are  translated  into  the  presentation currency as follows:

- assets  and  liabilities  for  each  balance  sheet  presented  are  translated  at  the closing  rate  at  the  date  of  that  balance  sheet;
- income  and  expenses  for  each  income  statement  are  translated  at  average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative  effect  of  the  rates  prevailing  on  the  transaction  dates,  in  which case  income  and  expenses  are  translated  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions); and
- all  resulting  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive income.

On  consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net investment  in  foreign  operations  are  taken  to  shareholders'  equity.  On  the disposal of a foreign operation, all of the currency translation differences accumulated  in  equity  in  respect  of  that  operation  attributable  to  the  equity holders of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss.

In  the  case  of  a  partial  disposal  that  does  not  result  in  the  Group  losing  control over  a  subsidiary  that  includes  a  foreign  operation,  the  proportionate  share  of accumulated  currency  translation  differences  are  re-attributed  to  non-controlling interests  and  are  not  recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  For  all  other  partial  disposals, the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange difference is reclassified to profit  or  loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.6  Property and equipment

Property  and  equipment  are  stated  at  historical  cost  less  depreciation.  Historical  cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent  costs  are  included  in  the  asset's  carrying  amount  or  recognised  as  a separate asset, as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated  with  the  item  will  flow  to  the  Group  and  the  cost  of  the  item  can  be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset  is  derecognised  when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the  consolidated  income  statement  during  the  reporting  period  in  which  they  are incurred.

Depreciation  on  property  and  equipment  is  calculated  using  the  straight-line  method to  allocate  their  costs  to  their  residual  values  over  their  estimated  useful  lives,  as follows:

| Buildings  39-47 years  Building improvements  10 years  Leasehold improvements  the shorter of their useful lives  and the lease terms  Computers and servers  3-5 years  Motor vehicles  5  years  Furniture, fittings  and  equipment  5  years   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  assets'  residual  values  and  useful  lives  are  reviewed,  and  adjusted  if  appropriate, at  each  balance  sheet  date.

An  asset's  carrying  amount  is  written  down  immediately  to  its  recoverable  amount  if the  asset's  carrying  amount  is  greater  than  its  estimated  recoverable  amount  (Note 2.9).

Gains  and  losses  on  disposals  are  determined  by  comparing  proceeds  with  carrying amount and are recognised within administrative expenses in the consolidated income statement.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.7  Investment properties

Investment  properties,  principally  freehold  office  buildings,  are  held  for  long-term rental  yields  and  are  not  occupied  by  the  Group.  Investment  property  is  initially measured at  cost,  including  related  transaction  costs  and  where  applicable  borrowing costs.  The  Group  adopts  the  cost  model  for  subsequent  measurement  for  investment properties.

## 2.8  Intangible assets

## (a) Computer software and technology

Acquired  computer  software  and  technology  are  capitalised  on  the  basis  of  costs incurred  to  acquire  and  bring  to  use  the  specific  software.  These  costs  are amortised over their estimated useful lives of two years.

## (b)  Club membership

Club  membership  is  stated  at  cost  less  impairment  losses,  if  any.  No  amortisation is  charged  as  the  club  membership  has  an  indefinite  useful  life  because  the Company has the contractual right to control over the asset and legal rights with no definite period.

## 2.9  Impairment of non-financial assets

Assets  that  have  an  indefinite  useful  life,  for  example  club  membership,  are  not subject  to  amortisation  and  are  tested  annually  for  impairment,  or  more  frequently  if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets are  tested  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount  by  which  the  asset's  carrying  amount  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount.  The recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  an  asset's  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and value  in  use.  For  the  purposes  of  assessing  impairment,  assets  are  grouped  at  the lowest  levels  for  which  there  are  separately  identifiable  cash  flows  ('cash  generating units').  Non-financial  assets  that  suffered  an  impairment  are  reviewed  for  possible reversal  of  the  impairment  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets

## (a) Classification

The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

- those  to  be  measured  subsequently  at  fair  value  (either  through  other comprehensive income, or through profit or loss), and
- those to be measured at amortised cost.

The  classification  depends  on  the  Group's  business  model  for  managing  the financial  assets  and  the  contractual  terms  of  the  cash  flows.

For  assets  measured  at  fair  value,  gains  and  losses  will  either  be  recorded  in profit or loss or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

The  Group  reclassifies  debt  investments  when  and  only  when  its  business  model for  managing those assets changes.

## (b)  Recognition and derecognition

Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the  date  on  which  the  Group  commits  to  purchase  or  sell  the  asset.  Financial assets  are  derecognised  when  the  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  financial assets  have  expired  or  have  been  transferred  and  the  Group  has  transferred substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## (c) Measurement

At  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair  value  plus, in  the  case  of  a  financial  asset  not  at  FVPL,  transaction  costs  that  are  directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets  carried  at  FVPL  are  expensed  in  profit  or  loss.

Financial  assets  with  embedded  derivatives  are  considered  in  their  entirety  when determining whether  their cash flows are solely payment  of principal and interest.

## Debt instruments

Subsequent  measurement  of  debt  instruments  depends  on  the  Group's  business model for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset.

Trade  and  note  receivables,  other  receivables  that  are  held  for  collection  of contractual  cash  flows  where  those  cash  flows  represent  solely  payments  of principal  and  interest  are  measured  at  amortised  cost.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on derecognition is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in other gains/ (losses)  (if  any),  together  with  foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses.  Impairment losses  are  presented  as  separate  line  item  in  the  consolidated  income  statement.

## Equity instruments

The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group's management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is no subsequent reclassification  of  fair  value  gains  and  losses  to  profit  or  loss  following  the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised  in  profit  or  loss  as  other  income  when  the  Group's  right  to  receive payments is established.

Changes  in  the  fair  value  of  financial  assets  at  FVPL  are  recognised  in  other gains/(losses)  in  the  consolidated  income  statement  as  applicable.  Impairment losses  (and  reversal  of  impairment  losses)  on  equity  investments  measured  at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## (d)  Impairment

The Group  assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated  with  its  debt  instruments  carried  at  amortised  cost.  The  impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit  risk.

For  trade  receivables,  the  Group  applies  the  simplified  approach  permitted  by HKFRS  9,  which  requires  expected  lifetime  losses  to  be  recognised  from  initial recognition of the receivables. Impairment on note receivables and other receivables  is  measured  as  either  12-  month  expected  losses  or  lifetime  expected losses.  If  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  a  receivable  occurred  since  initial recognition, then impairment is measured as lifetime expected credit losses.

## 2.11 Offsetting financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  is  reported  in  the consolidated  balance  sheet  where  the  Group  currently  has  a  legally  enforceable  right to  offset  the  recognised  amounts,  and  there  is  an  intention  to  settle  on  a  net  basis  or realise  the  asset  and  settle  the  liability  simultaneously.  The  Group  has  also  entered into  arrangements  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  offsetting  but  still  allow  for  the related  amounts  to  be  set  off  in  certain  circumstances,  such  as  bankruptcy  or  the termination of a contract.

## 2.12 Trade and note receivables, other receivables

Trade and note receivables are amounts due from customers for services performed in the  ordinary  course  of  business  and  amounts  due  from  issuing  financial  institutions  in respect of note receivables received from customers to settle trade receivable, respectively.  They  are  generally  due  for  settlement  within  one  year  and  therefore  are all  classified  as  current  assets.

Trade and note receivables, other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain significant financing components,  when  they  are  recognised  at  fair  value.  The  Group  holds  the  trade  and note receivables, other receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest  method.  See  Note  2.10  for  further  information  about  the  Group's  accounting for  trade  and  note  receivables,  other  receivables  and  for  a  description  of  the  Group's impairment policies.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash  equivalents  include  cash  on  hand,  deposits  held  at  call  with  banks,  and  other short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  with  original  maturities  of  three  months  or  less that  are  readily  convertible  to  known  amounts  of  cash  and  which  are  subject  to  an insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value.

## 2.14 Share capital

Ordinary  shares  are  classified  as  equity.  Incremental  costs  directly  attributable  to  the issue  of  new  shares  or  options  are  shown  in  equity  as  a  deduction,  net  of  tax,  from the proceeds.

Where  any  group  company  purchases  the  Company's  equity  share  capital  (treasury shares),  the  consideration  paid,  including  any  directly  attributable  incremental  costs (net  of  income  taxes)  is  deducted  from  equity  attributable  to  the  Company's  equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such shares are subsequently reissued,  any  consideration  received,  net  of  any  directly  attributable  incremental transaction  costs  and  the  related  income  tax  effects,  is  included  in  equity  attributable to  the  Company's equity holders.

## 2.15 Accruals and other payables

These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to  the  end  of  financial  year  which  are  unpaid.  Accruals  and  other  payables  are presented  as  current  liabilities  unless  payment  is  not  due  within  12  months  after  the reporting period. Accruals and other payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method  unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.16 Current and deferred income tax

The  income  tax  expense  or  credit  for  the  period  is  the  tax  payable  on  the  current period's  taxable  income  based  on  the  applicable  income  tax  rate  for  each  jurisdiction adjusted  by  changes  in  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  attributable  to  temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

## (a) Current income tax

The  current  income  tax  charge  is  calculated  on  the  basis  of  the  tax  laws  enacted or  substantively  enacted  at  the  balance  sheet  date  in  the  countries  where  the Company and its subsidiaries and associates operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations  in  which  applicable  tax  regulation  is  subject  to  interpretation  and considers whether it is probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax  treatment.  The  group  measures  its  tax  balances  either  based  on  the  most likely  amount  or  the  expected  value,  depending  on  which  method  provides  a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.

## (b)  Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is  provided  in  full,  using  the  liability  method,  on  temporary differences  arising  between  the  tax  bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  they  arise  from  the  initial  recognition  of  goodwill. Deferred  income  tax  is  also  not  accounted  for  if  it  arises  from  initial  recognition of  an  asset  or  liability  in  a  transaction  other  than  a  business  combination  that  at the  time  of  the  transaction  affects  neither  accounting  nor  taxable  profit  or  loss and  does  not  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences. Deferred  income  tax  is  determined  using  tax  rates  (and  laws)  that  have  been enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  are expected  to  apply  when  the  related  deferred  income  tax  asset  is  realised  or  the deferred income tax liability is settled.

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  only  if  it  is  probable  that  future  taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  are  not  recognised  for  temporary  differences between the carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where  the Company  is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary  differences  and  it  is  probable  that  the  differences  will  not  reverse  in the foreseeable future.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.16 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

## (b)  Deferred income tax (Continued)

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  where  there  is  a  legally  enforceable right  to  offset  current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  and  where  the  deferred  tax balances relate to the same  taxation  authority. Current tax assets and  tax liabilities  are  offset  where  the  entity  has  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  offset  and intends  either  to  settle  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  asset  and  settle  the liability  simultaneously.

Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it  relates  to  items  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity. In  this  case,  the  tax  is  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly in  equity,  respectively.

## 2.17 Employee benefits

## (a) Short-term obligation

Liabilities for wages  and  salaries, including non-monetary  benefits  that are expected  to  be  settled  wholly  within  12  months  after  the  end  of  the  period  in which  the  employees  render  the  related  service  are  recognised  in  respect  of employees'  services  up  to  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  and  are  measured  at the  amounts  expected  to  be  paid  when  the  liabilities  are  settled.  The  liabilities are presented as current employee  benefit obligations in the consolidated balance sheet.

## (b) Pension obligations

The  group  companies  incorporated  in  the  PRC  contributes  based  on  certain percentage of the salaries of the employees to a defined contribution retirement benefit  plan  organised  by  relevant  government  authorities  in  the  PRC  on  a monthly  basis.  The  government  authorities  undertake  to  assume  the  retirement benefit  obligations  payable  to  all  existing  and  future  retired  employees  under these plans and the Group has no further obligation for post- retirement benefits beyond the contributions made.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.17 Employee benefits (Continued)

## (b) Pension obligations (Continued)

The group companies incorporated in Hong Kong operate a defined contribution plan,  the  assets  of  which  are  generally  held  in  a  separate  trustee-administered fund. These group companies pay fixed contribution into such defined contribution  plan  and  have  no  legal  or  constructive  obligations  to  pay  further contributions if  the  fund  does  not  hold  sufficient  assets  to  pay  all  employees  the benefits relating to employee services in the current and prior periods.

Contributions to these defined contributions plans are expensed as incurred.

## (c) Housing benefits

Full-time PRC employees of the Group are entitled to participate in government-sponsored  housing  funds.  The  Group  contributes  to  these  funds based  on  certain  percentages  of  the  salaries  of  these  employees  on  a  monthly basis.  The  Group's  liability  in  respect  of  these  funds  is  limited  to  the  contribution payable  in  each  period.  Contributions  to  the  housing  funds  are  expensed  as incurred.

## 2.18 Share-based payment

The  Group  operates  a  number  of  share-based  compensation  plans  (including  share option  schemes  and  share  award  schemes),  under  which  the  Group  receives  services from  employees  as  consideration  for  equity  instruments  (including  share  options, restricted  shares  and  awarded shares) of the Company. The fair value of the employee services  received  in  exchange  for  the  grant  of  equity  instruments  of  the  Company  is recognised  as  an  expense  over  the  vesting  period,  which  is  the  period  over  which  all of  the  specified  vesting  conditions  are  to  be  satisfied,  and  credited  to  share-based compensation reserve under equity.

For  grant  of  share  options,  the  total  amount  to  be  expensed  is  determined  by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

- -including any market performance conditions;
- -excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions, and
- -including the impact of any non-vesting conditions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.18 Share-based payment (Continued)

For grant of restricted shares and awarded shares, the total amount to be expensed is determined  by  reference  to  the  market  value  of  the  Company's  shares  at  the  grant date  for  no  cash  consideration  from  employees.  Where  restricted  shares  and  awarded shares  are  forfeited  due  to  a  failure  by  the  employee  to  satisfy  the  service  and non-market performance conditions, any expenses previously recognised in relation to such shares are reversed effective from the date of the forfeiture.

From  the  perspective  of  the  Company,  the  Company  grants  its  equity  instruments  to employees of its subsidiaries  to  exchange  for  their  services  related  to  the  subsidiaries. Accordingly,  the  share-based  compensation  expenses,  which  are  recognised  in  the consolidated financial statements, are treated as part of the 'interests in subsidiaries' in  the  Company's balance sheet.

When the options are exercised, the proceeds received net of any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium.

## 2.19 Revenue recognition

The Group derives its advertising services revenues from placing online advertisements such  as  banners,  links  and  logos  on  the  Group's  websites  in  the  PRC  as  well  as organising offline activities  for  its  customers  under  fixed-price  contracts.

The majority of the online advertisement are provided for a fixed period of time with no  guaranteed  minimum  impression  level.  Therefore,  revenue  from  providing  online advertisements is recognised based on the actual service provided as at the end of the reporting  period  as  proportion  of  the  total  services  to  be  provided  because  the customer  receives  and  use  the  benefits  simultaneously.  The  proportion  is  determined based  on  the  actual  displaying  hours  of  the  advertisement  relative  to  the  total expected displaying hours. Revenue derived from offline activities services is recognised  at  a  point  in  time  when  the  activity  is  completed  and  accepted  by  the customer.

Some  contracts  include  multiple  deliverables,  such  as  providing  online  advertisement services  and  organising offline activities  to  help  the  customers  promote  their  products. The contracts are therefore accounted for by two separate performance obligations.

Where  the  contracts  include  multiple  performance  obligations,  the  transaction  price will  be  allocated  to  each  performance  obligation  based  on  the  relative  stand-alone selling  prices.  Where  these  are  not  directly  observable,  they  are  estimated  based  on expected cost plus margin.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.19 Revenue recognition (Continued)

Estimates  of  revenues,  cost  or  extent  of  progress  towards  completion  are  revised  if circumstances  change.  Any  resulting  increases  or  decreases  in  estimated  revenues  or costs  are  reflected  in  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  the  circumstances  that  give rise  to  the  revision  become  known  by  management.

For  advertising  contracts,  the  Group  collected  fixed  amount  as  agreed  in  contracts  on a  payment  schedule.  If  the  services  rendered  exceed  the  payments,  a  contract  asset  is recognised. If the payments  exceed  the  services  rendered,  a  contract  liability is recognised. The Group invoiced on a regular basis based on the services rendered and the consideration is recorded as receivables when invoiced.

## 2.20 Earnings per share

## (a) Basic  earnings per share

Basic  earnings  per  share  is  calculated  by  dividing:

- the  profit  attributable  to  owners  of  the  Company,  excluding  any  costs  of servicing  equity  other  than  ordinary  shares;
- by  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  outstanding  during  the financial  year,  adjusted  for  bonus  elements  in  ordinary  shares  issued  during the year and excluding shares held for employee share scheme.

## (b) Diluted earnings per share

Diluted  earnings  per  share  adjusts  the  figures  used  in  the  determination  of  basic earnings per share to take into account:

- the  after  income  tax  effect  of  interest  and  other  financing  costs  associated with dilutive potential ordinary shares, and
- the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been  outstanding  assuming  the  conversion  of  all  dilutive  potential  ordinary shares.

## 2.21 Dividend income

Dividends are received from financial assets measured at FVPL. Dividends are recognised  as  other  income  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  right  to  receive  payment  is established.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.22 Interest  income

Interest  income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

Interest  income  is  calculated  by  applying  the  effective  interest  rate  to  the  gross carrying  amount  of  a  financial  asset  except  for  financial  assets  that  subsequently become credit- impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective interest rate is  applied  to  the  net  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  (after  deduction  of  the loss  allowance).

## 2.23 Product development expenses

Expenditure on product development research is expensed as incurred.

Expenditure  on  development  or  from  the  development  phase  of  an  individual  project is  recognised  as  an  internally  generated  intangible  if,  and  only  if,  the  Group  can demonstrate all of the following:

- the  technical  feasibility  of  completing  the  intangible  asset  so  that  it  will  be available for use or sale;
- its  intention  to  complete  the  intangible  asset  and  use  or  sell  it;
- its  ability  to  use  or  sell  the  intangible  asset;
- how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;
- the  availability  of  adequate  technical,  financial  and  other  resources  to  complete the development and to use or sell the intangible asset, and
- its  ability  to  measure  reliably  the  expenditure  attributable  to  the  intangible  asset during its  development.

Other  development  expenditures  that  do  not  meet  these  criteria  are  recognised  as expense  as  incurred.  Development  costs  previously  recognised  as  an  expense  are  not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.24 Leases

Leases  are  recognised  as  a  right-of-use  asset  and  a  corresponding  liability  at  the  date at  which  the  leased  asset  is  available  for  use  by  the  Group.

Assets  and  liabilities  arising  from  a  lease  are  initially  measured  on  a  present  value basis.  Lease  liabilities  include  the  net  present  value  of  the  following  lease  payments:

- fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments),  less  any  lease  incentives receivable;
- variable  lease  payments  that  are  based  on  an  index  or  a  rate,  initially  measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that  option,  and
- payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

Lease  payments  to  be  made  under  reasonably  certain  extension  options  are  also included in the measurement of the liability.

The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate  cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the  lessee's  incremental  borrowing  rate  is  used,  being  the  rate  that  the  individual lessee  would  have  to  pay  to  borrow  the  funds  necessary  to  obtain  an  asset  of  similar value  to  the  right-of-use  asset  in  a  similar  economic  environment  with  similar  terms, security  and  conditions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.24 Leases (Continued)

To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

- where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as  a  starting  point,  adjusted  to  reflect  changes  in  financing  conditions  since  third party financing was received;
- uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk  for  leases  held  by  the  Group,  which  does  not  have  recent  third  party financing, and
- makes adjustments specific to the lease, for example, term, country, currency and security.

The  Group  is  exposed  to  potential  future  increases  in  variable  lease  payments  based on  an  index  or  rate,  which  are  not  included  in  the  lease  liability  until  they  take effect.  When adjustments to lease payments based on an index or rate take effect, the lease  liability  is  reassessed  and  adjusted  against  the  right-of-use  asset.

Lease  payments  are  allocated  between  principal  and  finance  cost.  The  finance  cost  is charged  to  profit  or  loss  over  the  lease  period  so  as  to  produce  a  constant  periodic rate  of  interest  on  the  remaining  balance  of  the  liability  for  each  period.

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
- any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease incentives received;
- any initial  direct  costs,  and
- restoration costs.

Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis.

Payments associated with short-term leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in  profit  or  loss.  Short-term  leases  are  leases  with  a  lease  term  of  12  months or  less  without  a  purchase  option.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 2.24 Leases (Continued)

Lease  income  from  operating  leases  where  the  Group  is  a  lessor  is  recognised  in income  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  term  (Note  8).  Initial  direct  costs incurred  in  obtaining  an  operating  lease  are  added  to  the  carrying  amount  of  the underlying  asset  and  recognised  as  expense  over  the  lease  term  on  the  same  basis  as lease  income.  The  respective  leased  assets  are  included  in  the  balance  sheet  based  on their  nature.

Lease prepayment for land use right is up-front payment to acquire long-term interest in land. Lease prepayment  is  carried at cost less  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment losses.  Depreciation  is  provided  to  write  off  the  cost  of  lease  prepayment on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  remaining  periods  of  the  lease  which  are  from  35 years  to  45  years.

## 2.25 Dividend distribution

Dividend distribution to the Company's equity holders is recognised as a liability in the Group's financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company's shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

## 2.26 Government grants

Grants  from  the  government  are  recognised  at  their  fair  value  where  there  is  a reasonable  assurance  that  the  grant  will  be  received  and  the  Group  will  comply  with all  attached  conditions.

Government  grants  relating  to  costs  are  deferred  and  recognised  in  the  consolidated income  statement  over  the  period  necessary  to  match  them  with  the  costs  that  they are  intended to compensate.

Government  grants  relating  to  the  purchase  of  property  and  equipment  are  included in  non-  current  liabilities  as  deferred  income  and  are  credited  to  the  consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors

The  Group's  activities  expose  it  to  a  variety  of  financial  risks:  market  risk  (including foreign exchange risk, price risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and  liquidity  risk.  The  Group's  overall  risk  management  programme  focuses  on  the unpredictability  of  financial  markets  and  seeks  to  minimise  potential  adverse  effects on the Group's financial performance.

## (a) Market risk

## (i) Foreign exchange risk

The Group mainly operates in the PRC and most of the Group's transactions, assets  and  liabilities  are  denominated  in  RMB.  To  maintain  the  flexibility  in the  Company  and  Hong  Kong  subsidiaries'  payment  of  daily  operation,  the Group  holds  certain  monetary  assets  denominated  in  Hong  Kong  dollar ('HKD')  or  US  dollar  ('USD')  subject  to  certain  thresholds  stated  in  its treasury mandate. This exposes the Group to foreign exchange risk.

There  is  no  other  written  policy  to  manage  the  foreign  exchange  risk  in relation  to  HKD  and  USD  as  management  considers  that  such  risk  could  not be  effectively  reduced  in  a  low-cost  way.  Accordingly,  the  Group  did  not purchase any forward contract to hedge the foreign exchange risk during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: same).

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  exchange  rate  of  RMB  to  HKD  and  USD  were 0.8933  and  6.9646  respectively.  If  RMB  had  strengthened/weakened  by  0.5% against the HKD/USD  with all other variables held constant, total comprehensive  income  for  the  year  would  have  been  RMB314,000  (2021: RMB592,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of net foreign exchange losses/ gains in HKD/USD denominated cash at bank.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors  (Continued)

## (a) Market risk (Continued)

## (ii) Price  risk

The Group is exposed to price risk because of investments held by the Group and  classified  in  the  consolidated  balance  sheet  as  financial  assets  at  fair value  through  profit  or  loss.  The  Group  is  not  exposed  to  commodity  price risk.  To  manage  its  price  risk  arising  from  the  investments,  the  Group diversifies  its  portfolio.  The  investments  made  by  the  Group  are  either  for the  purpose  of  improving  investment  yield  and  maintaining  high  liquidity level  simultaneously, or for strategic purpose. Each investment is managed by senior management on a case by case basis.

Investment  in financial assets is held for strategic rather than trading purposes. The Group does not actively trade these investments.

The sensitivity  analysis  is  determined  based  on  the  exposure  to  price  risks  of underlying investments related to investment in financial assets at the end of the reporting period. If equity prices of the respective underlying investments held by the Group had been 5%  higher/lower as at 31 December  2022, post-tax profit for the year would have been approximately RMB2,030,000 (2021: RMB3,377,000) higher/lower.

## (iii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  relates  to  the  risk  that  fair  value  or  cash  flows  of  a financial  instrument  will  fluctuate  because  of  changes  in  market  interest rates.  The  Group's  interest  rate  risk  mainly  arises  from  deposits  held  in  banks which  are  interest  bearing.  Any  change  in  the  interest  rate  promulgated  by banks  from  time  to  time  is  not  considered  to  have  significant  impact  to  the Group.

For  deposits  held  in  banks  which  are  interest  bearing,  as  at  31  December 2022, if  the  market  interest  rates  had  been  0.5%  higher/lower  with  all  other variables held constant, post-tax profit for the  year  would  have  been RMB1,717,000  (2021: RMB2,153,000) higher/lower, mainly as a result of higher/lower interest income on bank deposits.

Other financial assets and liabilities do not have material interest rate risk.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors  (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk

Credit  risk  arises  from  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  deposits  with  banks,  as  well  as trade and note receivables, other receivables.

## (i) Risk  management

Credit risk  is  managed  on  a  group  basis.

To  manage  this  risk,  deposits  are  mainly  placed  with  state-owned  financial institutions  in  the  PRC  and  international  financial  institutions  outside  the  PRC of  high  credit  quality.  There  was  no  recent  history  of  default  of  cash  and cash equivalents and deposits from these financial institutions.

For  trade  receivables,  the  Group  assesses  the  credit  quality  of  the  customers and  debtors,  taking  into  account  their  financial  position,  past  experience, future  economic  environment  and  other  factors.  Individual  credit  terms  are granted based on internal assessment results in accordance with guidance set by top management and are reviewed by sales department manager.

Note receivables are normally bank acceptance note, the directors are of the opinion that no significant credit risk exists.

For  other  receivables,  the  Group  made  periodic  collective  assessment  as  well as  individual  assessment  on  the  recoverability  based  on  past  experience  and forward-looking information and other factors.

None of the Group's trade receivables, note receivables and other receivables has  any  collateral.  However,  the  Group  has  policies  in  place  to  ensure  that sales  are  made  to  customers  with  appropriate  credit  history  and  the  Group performs periodic credit evaluations of its customers.

The  Group  has  three  types  of  assets  that  are  subject  to  the  expected  credit loss  model:

- trade receivables;
- other receivables; and
- other financial assets at amortised costs.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors  (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk  (Continued)

## (i) Risk  management (Continued)

## Trade receivables

The  Group  applies the HKFRS  9  simplified  approach  to  measuring  the expected  credit  losses  which  uses  a  lifetime  expected  loss  allowance  for  all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses of trade receivables, individual credit evaluation on significant customers and debtors is performed  by  management.  These  evaluation  focused  on  the  customer  and debtor's  payment  history  and  current  and  future  ability  for  payment  taking into  account  the  information  specific  to  the  customer  and  debtor  as  well  as pertaining to the current and future general economic environment in which the customer and debtor operated.

Trade  receivables  not  subject  to  individual  credit  evaluation  or  individually assessed  as  not  impaired,  management  collectively  assessed  the  expected credit  losses  taking  into  account  of  the  ageing  analysis  and  the  history  of bad  debt  losses  in  respect  of  those  groups  of  customers  and  debtors.  The historical  loss  rates  are  adjusted  to  reflect  current  and  forward-looking information  affecting  the  ability  of  the  customers  and  debtors  to  settle  the trade receivables.

The ending loss allowances for trade receivables reconcile to the opening loss allowances as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At beginning of the year  187,727  147,132  Impairment charge  16,883  44,985  Receivables written off  (4,047)  (4,390)  At end of the year  200,563  187,727   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors  (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk  (Continued)

## (i) Risk  management (Continued)

## Trade receivables (Continued)

Trade  receivables  are  written  off  when  management  considers  there  is  no reasonable expectation of recovery. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited to profit or loss.

All  of  the  above  impairment  charge  relate  to  trade  receivables  arising  from contracts with customers.

## Other receivables

The Group's other receivables (excluding prepayments and prepaid value-added  tax)  were  mainly  advance  to  employees  and  third  parties  and refundable  deposits.  Impairment  on  other  receivables  is  measured  as  either 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime expected credit losses, depending on  whether  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial recognition.  The  Group  considered  there  has  been  no  significant  increase  in credit  risk  since  the  initial  recognition  of  other  receivables.

The  ending  loss  allowances  for  other  receivables  reconcile  to  the  opening loss  allowances  as  follows:

| ## Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At beginning of the year  -  -  Impairment charge  62  -  At end of the year  62  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors  (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk  (Continued)

## (i) Risk  management (Continued)

Other financial assets at amortised costs

Other  financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  include  notes  receivables  and  cash and cash equivalents.

The  issuing financial institutions of notes receivable of the  Group  are reputable  local  commercial  banks  or  state-owned  banks.  The  directors  were of  the  view  that  the  expected  credit  losses  are  not  material  as  historically they  had  no  history  of  default  and  the  debtors  had  a  strong  capacity  to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term.

While cash and cash equivalents are also subject to impairment requirements of  HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.

## (c) Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  will  encounter  difficulty  in  meeting obligations  associated  with  financial  liabilities  that  are  settled  by  delivering  cash or  another financial asset.

The Group aims to finance its operations with its own capital and earnings. It did not  have  any  borrowings  or  credit  facilities  committed/utilised  during  the  year ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  same).  Management  considers  that  the  Group does not have significant liquidity risk.

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Financial risk  factors  (Continued)

## (c) Liquidity risk  (Continued)

The  table  below  analyses  the  Group's  non-derivative  financial  liabilities  into relevant  maturity  groupings  based  on  the  remaining  period  at  end  of  each reporting  period  to  the  contractual  maturity  date.  The  amounts  disclosed  in  the table  are  the  contractual  undiscounted  cash  flows.

| On demand  or  less  than  1  year  Between  1  and  2  years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 31 December 2022  Accruals and other payables  (excluding other tax payable,  and salaries payable)  227,966  -  227,966  Lease liabilities  (including interest payables)  360  29  389  228,326  29  228,355  As at 31 December 2021  Accruals and other payables  (excluding other tax payable,  and salaries payable)  209,654  -  209,654  Lease liabilities  (including interest payables)  532  32  564  210,186  32  210,218   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.2  Capital risk  management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for  other  stakeholders  and  to  maintain  an  optimal  capital  structure  to  reduce  the  cost of  capital.

In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  adjust  the  amount of  dividends  paid  to  shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders,  issue  new  shares  or sell  assets  to  reduce  debt.  The  Group  monitors  capital  on  the  basis  of  the  gearing ratio.  This  ratio  is  equal  to  total  liabilities  divided  by  total  assets  at  the  end  of corresponding  year.  Besides,  the  Group's  strategy,  which  was  unchanged  during  year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, was to maintain the gearing ratio within 40%.

The gearing ratio as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Total  liabilities  384,481  347,317  Total  assets  1,231,299  1,310,609  Gearing ratio  31%  27%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3.3 Fair  value  estimation

This  section  explains  the  judgements  and  estimates  made  in  determining  the  fair values  of  the  financial  instruments  that  are  recognised  and  measured  at  fair  value  in the  financial  statements.  To  provide  an  indication  about  the  reliability  of  the  inputs used  in  determining  fair  value,  the  Group  has  classified  its  financial  instruments  into the  three  levels  prescribed  under  the  accounting  standards.  An  explanation  of  each level  follows  underneath the table.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.3  Fair  value  estimation  (Continued)

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Investment in financial assets  As at 31 December 2022  -  -  40,600  40,600  Level  1  Level  2  Level  3  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Financial assets  Investment in financial assets  As at 31 December 2021  -  -  67,546  67,546   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Level  1:  The  fair  value  of  financial  instruments  traded  in  active  markets  (such  as publicly  traded  derivatives,  and  financial  assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss equity securities) is  based  on  quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price.  These  instruments  are  included  in  level  1.

Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for  example,  over-the-counter  derivatives)  is  determined  using  valuation  techniques which  maximise  the  use  of  observable  market  data  and  rely  as  little  as  possible  on entity-specific  estimates.  If  all  significant  inputs  required  to  fair  value  an  instrument are  observable,  the  instrument  is  included  in  level  2.

Level  3:  If  one  or  more  of  the  significant  inputs  is  not  based  on  observable  market data,  the  instrument  is  included  in  level  3.  This is  the  case  for  unlisted  equity securities.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONTINUED)

## 3.3  Fair  value  estimation  (Continued)

Specific  valuation  techniques  used  to  value  financial  instruments  include:

- The use of quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments;
- Discounted cash flow model and unobservable inputs mainly including assumptions of  expected future cash flows and discount rate; and
- A  combination  of  observable  and  unobservable  inputs,  including  risk-free  rate, expected volatility,  discount  rate  for  lack  of  marketability,  market  multiples,  etc.

The  changes  in  level  3  instruments  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  are presented in Note 21.

The  directors  determine  the  fair  value  of  the  Group's  financial  instrument  carried  at fair  value  in  level  3  at  each  of  the  reporting  dates.

## 3.4 Fair  value  of  financial  assets  and  liabilities  measured  at  amortised  cost

The carrying amounts of the Group's trade and note receivables and other receivables and  accruals  and  other  payables  approximate  their  fair  values  due  to  their  short maturities.

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS

The preparation of financial statements requires the use of accounting estimates which, by definition, will seldom  equal  the  actual results.  Management  also  needs  to  exercise judgement in applying the Group's accounting policies.

Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated. They are based on historical experience  and  other  factors,  including  expectations  of  future  events  that  may  have  a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (a) Impairment of receivables

The Group records impairment of receivables with an assessment made  by management  on  the recoverability of trade and note receivables and other receivables,  which  is  based  on  assumptions  about  risk  of  default  and  expected  loss rates.  The  Group  uses  judgement  in  making  these  assumptions  and  selecting  the inputs  to  the  impairment  calculation,  based  on  the  Group's  past  history,  existing market  conditions  as  well  as  forward  looking  estimates  at  the  end  of  each  reporting period.

Where  the  expectation  is  different  from  the  original  estimate,  such  difference  will impact  both  the  carrying  value  of  trade  and  note  receivables,  other  receivables  and the impairment charge in the period in which such estimate has been changed.

## (b)  Income taxes and deferred taxation

The  Group  is mainly subject to income  tax  in the PRC. There  are transactions (including  entitlement  to  preferential  tax  treatment  and  deductibility  of  expenses) where  the  ultimate  tax  determination  is  uncertain  until  the  final  tax  position  is confirmed  by  relevant  tax  authorities.  In  addition,  the  Group  recognises  liabilities  for anticipated  tax  audit  issues  based  on  estimates  of  whether  additional  taxes  will  be due. Where the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were  initially  recorded,  such  differences  will  impact  the  income  tax  and  deferred  tax provisions in the period in which such determination is made.

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognised  for  all  temporary  differences,  carry  forward  of unused tax credits and unused tax losses, to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit  will  be  available  in  the  future  against  which  the  temporary  differences,  the carry  forward  of  unused  tax  credits  and  unused  tax  losses  could  be  utilised.  Deferred income  tax  is  determined  using  tax  rates  and  laws  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively  enacted  at  the  balance  sheet  date  and  which  are  expected  to  apply when  the  related  deferred  income  tax  asset  is  realised  or  the  deferred  income  tax liability  is  settled.  The  directors  consider  that  there  would  be  adequate  taxable  profits to  be  generated in the future in order to utilise these deferred tax assets recognised.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (c) Fair  value  of  investment  in  financial  assets

Investment  in  financial  assets  is  carried  at  their  fair  value.  The  fair  value  of  the investment in financial assets was determined by reference to valuations conducted on the underlying investments which involves certain assumptions, like relevant underlying financial projections and market information of recent transactions (such as recent fund raising transactions undertaken by the investees). Favourable or unfavourable changes to these assumptions may result in changes in the fair value of the Group's investment in financial assets.

## 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  chief  operating  decision-makers  have  been  identified  as  the  executive  directors  who make strategic decisions.

The  Group  is  principally  engaged  in  the  provision  of  advertising  services  for  different commodities.  The  chief  operating  decision-makers  review  the  Group's  internal  reports  in order  to  assess  performance  and  allocate  resources.  Management  has  determined  the operating segments based on these internal reports.

The chief operating decision-makers consider the advertising business from the perspective of  the  different  internet  portals  which  it  operates.  As  all  revenues  of  the  Group  are generated  from  customers  in  the  PRC,  they  are  not  further  evaluated  on  a  geographic basis.

The  chief  operating  decision-makers  assess  the  performance  of  the  operating  segments based on revenues generated. The reportable operating segments are grouped into PCauto, PConline  and  others.  The  Company  currently  does  not  allocate  cost  of  revenue,  operating costs  or  assets  to  its  segments,  as  its  chief  operating  decision-makers  do  not  use  this information to allocate resources to or evaluate the performance  of the operating segments.  Therefore,  the  Company  does  not  report  a  measure  of  profit  or  total  assets  for each reportable segment.

Revenues  of  other  segments  relate  to  those  generated  from  other  portals,  including  baby and home products and other services.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

There were no inter-segment sales for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: same). The revenue from external parties reported to the chief operating decision-makers is measured in  a  manner  consistent  with  that  in  the  consolidated  income  statement.

| PCauto  PConline  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  For the year ended  31 December 2022  Timing of revenue recognition  - Over time  498,980  88,689  28,250  615,919  - At a point in time  184,768  9,292  3,749  197,809  Revenue  683,748  97,981  31,999  813,728  For the year ended  31 December 2021  Timing of revenue recognition  - Over time  552,059  85,509  36,825  674,393  - At a point in time  164,838  6,208  6,714  177,760  Revenue  716,897  91,717  43,539  852,153   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  shows  how  much  of  the  revenue  recognised  in  the  current  reporting period relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue recognised that was included in the balance of  contract liabilities  at  the  beginning  of  the  year  43,102  48,118   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Though the Company is domiciled in the Cayman Islands, for the year ended 31 December 2022,  all  revenues  of  the  Group  were  derived  from  external  customers  and  they  were  all generated from the PRC (2021: same).

As at 31 December 2022, other than club membership included in the intangible assets and investment  in  financial  assets,  majority  of  other  non-current  assets  of  the  Group  were located in the PRC (31 December 2021: same).

For  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  revenues  of  approximately  RMB112,311,000  (2021: RMB93,436,000) are derived from a single external  customer  accounting  for  ten  percent  or more of the Group's revenues.

The Group does not disclose information about remaining unsatisfied performance obligations  as  permitted  under  the  practical  expedient  in  accordance  with  HKFRS  15  as their  original  expected  duration  is  less  than  one  year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 6. EXPENSES BY NATURE

Expenses  included  in  cost  of  revenue,  selling  and  marketing  costs,  administrative  expenses and product development expenses are analysed as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Employee benefit expenses (Note 7)  272,966  276,394  Outsourcing production cost  239,912  206,885  Service  commission to advertising agencies  100,349  115,159  Advertising expenses  92,096  104,564  Technology service fees  19,727  24,182  Depreciation and amortisation expenses  - Depreciation of property and equipment (Note 13)  8,731  12,272  - Depreciation of investment properties (Note 15)  1,760  1,750  - Depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 14)  1,083  1,035  - Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 16)  9  285  Travelling and entertainment expenses  7,402  8,775  Bandwidth and server custody fees  18,547  18,094  Other taxes and surcharge  15,482  6,570  Conference and office expenses  4,499  4,892  Auditors' remuneration  - Audit services  3,670  3,670  - Non-audit services  324  375  Expenses related to short term leases  1,294  1,559  Professional fees  1,486  1,459  Impairment loss of intangible assets (Note 16)  -  1,000  Other expenses  12,063  19,885  Total  cost  of  revenue,  selling  and  marketing  costs,  administrative expenses and product development  expenses  801,400  808,805   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

Product  development  expenses  are  mainly  included  in  employee  benefit  expenses  and depreciation of property and equipment and amortisation of intangible assets. No product development expenses were capitalised for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: same).

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Wages, salaries and bonuses and other benefits  227,681  232,268  Social  security  contributions  11,263  11,147  Contributions to pension schemes (a)  21,586  20,833  Contributions to housing fund  12,436  12,146  272,966  276,394   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Pension schemes - defined contribution plans

The  PRC  employees  of  the  Group  participate  in  defined  contribution  retirement schemes,  which  are  administrated  and  operated  by  the  local  government  authorities, based on laws and regulations in the PRC. Each employee covered by these schemes is entitled  to,  after  their  retirement  from  the  Group,  a  monthly  pension  as  determined by  these  schemes.  The  only  obligation  of  the  Group  with  respect  to  the  retirement benefits scheme is to make the specified contribution under the scheme.

All  the  Hong  Kong  employees  of  the  Group  participate  in  a  mandatory  provident scheme  (the  'MPF  Scheme').  Under  the  MPF  Scheme,  each  company  of  the  Group  in Hong  Kong  (the  employer)  and  its  employees  make  monthly  contributions  to  the scheme  at  5%  of  the  employees'  earnings  as  defined  under  the  Mandatory  Provident Fund  legislation.  The  contributions  from  each  of  the  employers  and  employees  are subject to a cap of HKD1,500 per month and thereafter contributions are voluntary.

The  Group  has  no  other  obligations for  the  payment  of  retirement  and  other post-retirement benefits of employees or retirees other than the payments mentioned above.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Five  highest  paid  individuals

The  five  individuals  whose  emoluments  were  the  highest  in  the  Group  for  the  year include  one  (2021:  one)  director  whose  emolument  is  reflected  in  the  analysis  shown in  Note  7(c).  The  emoluments  payable  to  the  remaining  four  (2021:  four)  individuals during the year are as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Basic  salaries,  housing  allowances,  other  allowances  and benefits in kind  9,034  14,944  Contributions to pension schemes  217  240  9,251  15,184   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  emoluments  of  the  remaining  four (2021:  four)  individuals  fell  within  the  following  bands:

| Number of individuals  Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  Emolument bands  HKD1,500,001 to HKD2,000,000  1  -  HKD2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000  1  1  HKD2,500,001 to HKD3,000,000  1  -  HKD3,500,001 to HKD4,000,000  1  -  HKD5,000,001 to HKD5,500,000  -  2  HKD5,500,001 to HKD6,000,000  -  1  4  4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Benefits and interests of directors

## Directors' and chief executive's emoluments

The  remuneration  of  every  director  and  the  chief  executive  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 is set out below:

| Name of director  Fees  Salaries  Discretionary  bonuses  Housing  allowance  Employer's  contributions  to a retirement  benefit scheme  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Chairman and chief executive officer  ('CEO')  Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan  -  804  639  1,773  -  3,216  Executive directors  Mr. Wang Ta-Hsing ('Mr. Wang')  -  375  -  -  16  391  Mr. Ho Kam Wah  -  4  -  -  -  4  Independent non-executive directors  Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec  375  -  -  -  -  375  Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak  375  -  -  -  -  375  Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose  375  -  -  -  -  375  Total  1,125  1,183  639  1,773  16  4,736   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  remuneration  of  every  director  and  the  chief  executive  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2021 is set out below:

| Name of director  Fees  Salaries  Discretionary  bonuses  Housing  allowance  Employer's  contributions to  a  retirement  benefit scheme  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Chairman and chief executive officer  ('CEO')  Dr.  Lam  Wai Yan  -  755  2,058  1,665  -  4,478  Executive directors  Mr. Wang  -  339  -  -  15  354  Mr. Ho Kam Wah  -  4  -  -  -  4  Independent non-executive directors  Mr. Tsui Yiu Wa, Alec  349  -  -  -  -  349  Mr. Thaddeus Thomas Beczak  349  -  -  -  -  349  Mr. Lam Wai Hon, Ambrose  349  -  -  -  -  349  Total  1,047  1,098  2,058  1,665  15  5,883   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Benefits  and  interests  of  directors  (Continued)

## Directors' and chief executive's emoluments (Continued)

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  none  (2021:  none)  of  the  directors  waived or  agreed  to  waive  any  emoluments  and  no  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to any  of  the  directors  or  the  five  highest  paid  individuals  as  an  inducement  to  join  or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office (2021: same).

During the year, no retirement benefits, payments or benefits in respect of termination  of  directors'  services  were  paid  or  made,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  the directors;  nor  are  any  payable  (2021:  same).  No  consideration  was  provided  to  or receivable  by  third  parties  for  making  available  directors'  services  (2021:  same).  There are  no  loans,  quasi-loans  or  other  dealings  in  favour  of  the  directors,  their  controlled bodies corporate and connected entities (2021: same).

No  director  of  the  Company  and  their  connected  entities  had  a  material  interest, directly  or  indirectly,  in  any  significant  transactions,  arrangements  and  contracts  in relation  to  the  Company's  business  to  which  the  Company  was  or  is  a  party  that subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2021: same).

## 8. OTHER INCOME

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Rental income  6,446  6,400  Additional deduction of input value-added tax  5,514  3,180  Government grants (i)  3,264  1,248  Dividend income on investment in financial assets  376  496  15,600  11,324   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies relating to these grants.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. FINANCE INCOME - NET

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Finance income  - Interest income from bank deposits  8,842  6,252  - Net foreign exchange gains  4,115  657  12,957  6,909  Finance cost  - Interest expense on lease liabilities  (6)  (44)  (6)  (44)  Finance income - net  12,951  6,865   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  PRC current tax  12,211  6,394  Deferred taxation (Note 19)  (8,213)  (5,008)  3,998  1,386   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company, which is a Cayman Islands corporation, is not subject to any profits tax. The subsidiaries  of  the  Group  incorporated  in  Hong  Kong  were  not  subject  to  Hong  Kong profits  tax  as  they  had  no  assessable  income  arising  in  or  derived  from  Hong  Kong  during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: same).

Current  taxation  primarily  represented  the  provision  for  PRC  Corporate  Income  Tax  ('CIT') for  subsidiaries  operating  in  the  PRC.  These  subsidiaries  are  subject  to  CIT  on  their  taxable income as reported in their respective statutory financial statements adjusted in accordance with the relevant tax laws and regulations in the PRC.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

Pursuant  to  the  PRC  Corporate  Income  Tax  Law  ('CIT  Law'),  the  CIT  rate  for  domestic enterprises  and  foreign  invested  enterprises  is  25%.  In  addition,  the  CIT  Law  provides  for, among  others,  a  preferential  tax  rate  of  15%  for  enterprises  qualified  as  High  and  New Technology Enterprises ('HNTE'). GZP Computer and GDP Internet, the principal operating subsidiaries of the Company,  successfully renewed  the certificate of HNTE  in 2020. Therefore,  the  applicable  income  tax  rate  is  15%  for  the  three  years  from  2020  to  2022. Guangzhou  Kuche  Information Technology Co., Ltd. ( 廣州酷車信息科技有限公司 , 'GZ Kuche'),  a  PRC  operating  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  was  successfully  renewed  as  HNTE  in 2020  and  the  applicable  income  tax  rate  is  15%  for  the  three  years  from  2020  to  2022. Guangzhou Yurui Information Technology Co., Ltd. ( 廣州裕睿信息科技有限公司 ,  'GZ  Yurui'), a  PRC  operating subsidiary of the Company, was successfully renewed as HNTE in 2022 and the  applicable  income  tax  rate  is  15%  for  the  three  years  from  2022  to  2024(2021:  same). Guangzhou Fengwang Technology Co., Ltd. ( 廣州鋒網資訊科技有限公司 ,  'GZ  Fengwang'), a PRC  operating  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  was  formally  designated  as  HNTE  in  2022  and the  applicable  income  tax  rate  is  15%  for  the  three  years  from  2022  to  2024  (2021:  same). All  the  other  PRC  entities  of  the  Group  are  subject  to  CIT  at  a  rate  of  25%  in  accordance with  CIT  Law.  Assuming  that  there  is  no  change  to  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations,  the directors consider four subsidiaries, including GZP Computer, GDP Internet, GZ Yurui and GZ Fengwang,  will  be  granted  the  preferential  tax  treatment  through  an  application  of renewal, and accordingly, tax rate of 15% has been applied when considering the deferred income tax.

According  to  CIT  Law,  a  withholding  income  tax  of  10%  will  be  levied  on  the  immediate holding  companies  outside  the  PRC  when  their  PRC  subsidiaries  declare  dividends  out  of profits  earned  after  1  January  2008.  A  lower  5%  withholding  income  tax  rate  may  be applied  when  the  immediate  holding  companies  of  the  PRC  subsidiaries  are  established  in Hong Kong and fulfil requirements under the tax treaty agreements between the relevant authorities  of  the  PRC  and  Hong  Kong.  Hence,  the  Group  used  5%  as  its  withholding  tax rate  for  certain  Hong  Kong  intermediate  holding  companies  which  are  expected  to  fulfill the aforesaid conditions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONTINUED)

The  tax  on  the  Group's  (loss)/profit  before  income  tax  differed  from  the  theoretical amount that would arise using the statutory tax rate applicable to (losses)/profits of all the consolidated PRC entities as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  expense  (3,012)  53,237  Tax calculated at the statutory tax rate of 25% (2021: 25%)  (753)  13,309  Tax effects of  - Tax concessions available to certain PRC subsidiaries (a)  (1,057)  (1,583)  - Loss/(profit) not subject to tax  7,098  (9,170)  - Expenses not deductible for tax purposes  904  855  - Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  (1,667)  (913)  - Unrecognised tax losses  3,593  3,337  - Under provision of prior year  2,050  2,044  - Additional deduction on product development expenses  (7,731)  (7,843)  Withholding tax on the earnings to be remitted  by PRC subsidiaries  1,561  1,350  Income tax expense  3,998  1,386   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) It  represented the preferential tax treatments relating to HNTE enjoyed by certain PRC subsidiaries  of  the  Group.

## 11.  (LOSSES)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

## (a) Basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share

Basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share  is  calculated  by  dividing  the  (loss)/profit  attributable to  equity  holders  of  the  Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in  issue  during  the  year  (excluding  the  ordinary  shares  purchased  by  the  Group  and held for the Share Award Scheme (Note 24(a)).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11.  (LOSSES)/EARNINGS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)

## (a) Basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share  (Continued)

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  (Loss)/profit  attributable  to  equity  holders  of  the  Company (RMB'000)  (6,654)  49,920  Weighted average number of ordinary shares  for  basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share  (thousand shares)  1,130,087  1,130,878  Basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share  (RMB)  (0.59)  cents  4.41  cents   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Diluted (losses)/earnings per share

Diluted  (losses)/earnings  per  share  adjusts  the  figures  used  in  the  determination  of basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share  to  take  into  account  the  after  income  tax  effect  of interest  and  other  financing  costs  associated  with  dilutive  potential  ordinary  shares, and the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

Diluted  (losses)/earnings  per  share  equals  to  basic  (losses)/earnings  per  share  as  there were  no  potential  diluted  shares  outstanding  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022 (2021:  same).

## 12.  DIVIDENDS

A  final  dividend  in  respect  of  the  year  ended  31  December  2021  of  RMB10.00  cents  per ordinary share (2020: RMB13.00 cents per ordinary share) was approved by the shareholders at  the  annual  general  meeting  on  30  May  2022.  Such  final  dividend  for  2021  totalling RMB113,164,000 was paid in  2022,  which  has  already  excluded  the  dividend  related  to  the ordinary shares held for the share award scheme of RMB396,000 (final dividend for 2020 of RMB149,370,000  excluding  the  dividend  related  to  the  ordinary  shares  held  for  the  share award scheme of RMB307,000 (Note 24(a)).

The  directors  recommended  the  payment  of  a  final  dividend  of  RMB10  cents  per  ordinary share in cash for the year ended 31 December 2022, totalling RMB113,560,000 based on the ordinary  shares  in  issue  as  of  31  December  2022.  Such  final  dividend  is  to  be  approved  by the  shareholders  at  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  to  be  held  on  12  May 2023. These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13.  PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Building  improvements  Computers  and servers  Motor  vehicles  Furniture,  fittings  and  equipment  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  Cost  205,028  52,697  36,437  6,122  12,634  312,918  Accumulated depreciation  (33,052)  (41,724)  (28,454)  (3,460)  (9,541)  (116,231)  Net book amount  171,976  10,973  7,983  2,662  3,093  196,687  Year ended 31 December 2021  Opening net book amount  171,976  10,973  7,983  2,662  3,093  196,687  Additions  -  1,023  808  10  1,738  3,579  Disposals  -  -  (18)  (22)  (212)  (252)  Transfers (Note 15)  (7,400)  -  -  -  -  (7,400)  Depreciation charge (Note 6)  (4,105)  (4,859)  (1,784)  (692)  (832)  (12,272)  Closing net book amount  160,471  7,137  6,989  1,958  3,787  180,342  As at 1 January 2022  Cost  195,761  53,720  37,007  5,878  12,951  305,317  Accumulated depreciation  (35,290)  (46,583)  (30,018)  (3,920)  (9,164)  (124,975)  Net book amount  160,471  7,137  6,989  1,958  3,787  180,342  Year ended 31 December 2022  Opening net book amount  160,471  7,137  6,989  1,958  3,787  180,342  Additions  220  723  1,005  648  570  3,166  Disposals  -  -  (42)  (121)  (74)  (237)  Depreciation charge (Note 6)  (4,194)  (1,546)  (1,212)  (858)  (921)  (8,731)  Closing net book amount  156,497  6,314  6,740  1,627  3,362  174,540  As at 31 December 2022  Cost  195,981  54,443  37,946  5,550  10,558  304,478  Accumulated depreciation  (39,484)  (48,129)  (31,206)  (3,923)  (7,196)  (129,938)  Net book amount  156,497  6,314  6,740  1,627  3,362  174,540   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense has been charged to the consolidated income statement as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of revenue  4,644  4,767  Selling  and  marketing costs  2,727  4,154  Administrative expenses  687  2,578  Product development expenses  673  773  8,731  12,272   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  LEASES

This  note  provides  information  for  leases  where  the  Group  is  a  lessee.

## (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet

The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

## Right-of-use assets

| Land used  rights  Properties  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At 1 January 2021  Cost  18,390  1,348  19,738  Accumulated depreciation  (3,342)  (971)  (4,313)  Net book amount  15,048  377  15,425  Year ended 31 December 2021  Opening net book amount  15,048  377  15,425  Addition  -  871  871  Depreciation charges (Note 6)  (324)  (711)  (1,035)  Closing net book amount  14,724  537  15,261  At 31 December 2021  Cost  18,390  1,432  19,822  Accumulated depreciation  (3,666)  (895)  (4,561)  Net book amount  14,724  537  15,261  Year ended 31 December 2022  Opening net book amount  14,724  537  15,261  Addition  -  596  596  Depreciation charges (Note 6)  (324)  (759)  (1,083)  Closing net book amount  14,400  374  14,774  At 31 December 2022  Cost  18,390  2,028  20,418  Accumulated depreciation  (3,990)  (1,654)  (5,644)  Net book amount  14,400  374  14,774   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 14.  LEASES (CONTINUED)

## (a) Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)

## Lease liabilities

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current  352  518  Non-current  28  31  380  549   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b)  Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement

The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

## Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Land used rights  324  324  Properties  759  711  1,083  1,035  Interest  expenses  included  in  finance  cost  (Note  9)  6  44  Expense relating to short-term leases  (included in cost and administrative expenses)  (Note 6)  1,294  1,559   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total cash outflow for leases for the year  ended  31  December  2022  was RMB2,065,000 (2021: RMB2,307,000).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 15.  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Buildings  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  Cost  59,934  Accumulated depreciation  (12,021)  Net book amount  47,913  Year ended 31 December 2021  Opening net book amount  47,913  Transfer from owner-occupied properties  7,400  Depreciation charge (Note 6)  (1,750)  Closing net book amount  53,563  As at 31 December 2021  Cost  69,203  Accumulated depreciation  (15,640)  Net book amount  53,563  Year ended 31 December 2022  Opening net book amount  53,563  Depreciation charge (Note 6)  (1,760)  Closing net book amount  51,803  As at 31 December 2022  Cost  69,203  Accumulated depreciation  (17,400)  Net book amount  51,803   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties of the Group are as follows:

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Not later than one year  5,305  5,865  Later  than  one  year  but  not  later  than  five  years  180  4,635  5,485  10,500   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 16.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Computer  software and  technology  Club  membership  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  Cost  15,607  8,793  24,400  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (15,321)  -  (15,321)  Net book amount  286  8,793  9,079  Year ended 31 December 2021  Opening net book amount  286  8,793  9,079  Additions  8  -  8  Amortisation charge (Note 6)  (285)  -  (285)  Impairment charge (Note 6)  -  (1,000)  (1,000)  Closing net book amount  9  7,793  7,802  As at 31 December 2021  Cost  15,615  8,793  24,408  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (15,606)  (1,000)  (16,606)  Net book amount  9  7,793  7,802  Year ended 31 December 2022  Opening net book amount  9  7,793  7,802  Additions  48  -  48  Amortisation charge (Note 6)  (9)  -  (9)  Closing net book amount  48  7,793  7,841  As at 31 December 2022  Cost  15,663  8,793  24,456  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  (15,615)  (1,000)  (16,615)  Net book amount  48  7,793  7,841   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

Amortization has been charged to the consolidated income statement as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of revenue  6  3  Administrative expenses  3  282  9  285   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17.  SUBSIDIARIES

The  Group's  subsidiaries  at  31  December  2022  are  set  out  below.  Unless  otherwise  stated, they have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares, and  the proportion of ownership  interests held equals the voting rights held by the Group.  The  place  of incorporation or registration is also their principal place of business.

| Name  Place of incorporation  and kind of legal entity  Principal  activities  and place of operation  Particulars  of  issued share  capital  or  registered  capital  Interest  held  2022  2021  Pacific  E-Commerce Limited  (  太平洋在線有限公司  )  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD2  100%  100%  New Forest Limited  (  新林有限公司  )  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD1  100%  100%  Takehigh  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD11,875  100%  100%  Winsom Technology Limited  (  偉信科技有限公司  )  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD10,000  100%  100%  Smooth Choice Limited  (  輝淩有限公司  )  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD100  100%  100%  Fortune Asset Limited  (  福聲有限公司  )  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD1  100%  100%  Unique Fast Limited  (  快尊有限公司  )  Hong Kong,  limited liability  company  Investment holding in  Hong Kong  HKD100  100%  100%  GZP Computer  The PRC,  wholly foreign owned  enterprise  Information technology and  software development and  provision of computer  information consultancy  services  in  the  PRC  RMB80,000,000  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17.  SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

| Name  Place of incorporation  and kind of legal entity  Principal  activities  and place of operation  Particulars  of  issued share  capital  or  registered  capital  Interest  held  2022  2021  GZP Advertising (a)  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Provision of advertising services  in  the  PRC  RMB500,000  100%  100%  GDP Internet (a)  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Provision of online advertising  services  in  the  PRC  RMB10,000,000  100%  100%  GZ Yingxin  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Provision of computer  technology services in the  PRC  RMB5,700,000  100%  100%  Shanghai Pan-Pacific Information  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  上海環宇太平洋信息科技  有限公司  )  The PRC,  wholly foreign owned  enterprise  Not yet commenced formal  operations  USD140,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Fengwang Technology  Co.,  Ltd.  (  廣州鋒網資訊科技有限公司  )  The PRC, wholly foreign  owned enterprise  Information technology and  software development and  provision of computer  information consultancy  services  in  the  PRC  RMB3,500,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Pacific Online  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  廣州太平洋網絡科技有限公司  )  The PRC, limited liability  company  Not yet commenced formal  operations  RMB500,000  100%  100%  Shanghai Yingzhen Online  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  上海英臻網絡科技有限公司  )  The PRC, limited liability  company  Not yet commenced formal  operations  RMB500,000  100%  100%  Beijing  Taihe  Xinyang Online  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  北京太合新洋網絡科技有限公司  )  The PRC, limited liability  company  Not yet commenced formal  operations  RMB500,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Chuangcheng Online  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  廣州創程網絡科技有限公司  )  The PRC, limited liability  company  Not yet commenced formal  operations  RMB500,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Yingyue Computer  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  廣州英悅計算機科技有限公司  )  (a)  The PRC, limited liability  company  Information technology and  software development and  provision of computer  information consultancy  services  in  the  PRC  RMB3,200,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Shangjin Internet Co.,  Ltd.  (  廣州尚進網絡有限公司  )  (a)  The PRC, limited liability  company  Provision of online advertising  services  in  the  PRC  RMB3,000,000  100%  100%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17.  SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

| Name  Place of incorporation  and kind of legal entity  Principal  activities  and place of operation  Particulars  of  issued share  capital  or  registered  capital  Interest  held  2022  2021  Guangzhou Shangjin Advertising  Co.,  Ltd.  (  廣州市尚謹廣告有限公司  )  (a)  The PRC, limited liability  company  Provision of advertising services  in  the  PRC  RMB500,000  100%  100%  GZ Yurui  The PRC,  wholly foreign owned  enterprise  Information technology and  software development and  provision of computer  information consultancy  services  in  the  PRC  RMB2,000,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Yingyou Information  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  廣州英佑信息科技有限公司  )  (a)  The PRC, limited liability  company  Information technology and  software development and  provision of computer  information consultancy  services  in  the  PRC  RMB2,000,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Shangcong Online  Technology Co., Ltd.  (  廣州尚聰網絡技術有限公司  )  (a)  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Provision of online advertising  services  in  the  PRC  RMB2,000,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Shangcong Advertising  Co.,  Ltd.  (  廣州市上聰廣告有限公司  )  (a)  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Provision of advertising services  in  the  PRC  RMB500,000  100%  100%  Guangzhou Yingku Online Co., Ltd.  (  廣州英酷網絡有限公司  )  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Not yet commenced formal  operations  RMB1,200,000  100%  100%  GZ Kuche  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Operation of online platform  for  automobile maintainers  RMB5,000,000  70%  70%  Guangzhou Chuangren Software  and Information Technology  Service  Co.,  Ltd.  (  廣州創仁軟件和信息技術服務  有限公司  )  The PRC,  limited liability  company  Information technology and  software development and  provision of computer  information consultancy  services  in  the  PRC  RMB500,000  100%  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The  Company  does  not  have  legal  ownership  in  the  equity  of  these  PRC  operating companies. Nevertheless, as described in Note 1(b), through  Structure Contracts entered  into  with  the  registered  owners  of  these  PRC  operating  companies,  the Company and its legally owned subsidiaries control these PRC operating companies by way of controlling their  voting  rights.  As  a  result,  these  PRC  operating  companies  are presented as controlled structured entities of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17.  SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

- (b) In  connection  with  the  implementation  of  the  Share  Award  Scheme  of  the  Group mentioned  in  Note  24(a),  the  Company  has  set  up  a  structured  entity,  and  its particulars  are  as  follows:

| Structured entity  Principal  activities  Share Award Scheme Trust  Administering  and  holding  the  Company's  shares  acquired  for  a  share  award  scheme  which  is  set  up  for  the  benefits  of  eligible  directors  and  employees  of  the  Group   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As the Company has rights to variable returns from the contributions of the employees who are awarded with the shares by the scheme through their continued employment with  the  Group  and  has  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its  power  to  govern the financial and operating policies of the Share Award Scheme Trust, the directors of the  Company  consider  that  it  is  appropriate  to  consolidate  the  Share  Scheme  Trust  in accordance with the requirements of HKFRSs.

The Company has set up a new consolidated trustee due to the renewal of the Share Award  Scheme(Note  24(a)).  The  contract  terms  of  the  new  trustee  have  no  material difference from those of the former.

## (c) Significant restrictions

Cash  and  short-term  deposits  held  in  the  PRC  are  subject  to  local  exchange  control regulations.  These  regulations  provide  for  restrictions  on  exporting  capital  from  the PRC, other than through normal dividends.

The carrying amount  of the assets included within the consolidated financial statements  to  which  these  restrictions  apply  was  RMB377,796,000  as  at  31  December 2022 (31 December 2021: RMB340,074,000).

## 18.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

- (a) The Group holds the following financial instruments:

| Financial  assets at  amortised  cost  Investment  in  financial  assets  Total  As at 31 December 2022  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current assets  Trade and note receivables, other  receivables excluding prepayments  (Note 20)  462,183  -  462,183  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 22)  399,985  -  399,985  Non-current assets  Investment in financial assets (Note 21)  -  40,600  40,600  Total  862,168  40,600  902,768  Financial  assets  at  amortised  cost  Investment in  financial  assets  Total  31 December 2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current assets  Trade and note receivables, other  receivables excluding prepayments  (Note 20)  422,794  -  422,794  Short-term bank deposits with original  terms of over three months (Note 22)  90,740  -  90,740  Cash and cash equivalents (Note 22)  391,010  -  391,010  Non-current assets  Investment in financial assets (Note 21)  -  67,546  67,546  Total  904,544  67,546  972,090   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

## (a) (Continued)

| Financial liabilities  at  amortised cost  As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables excluding other tax  payable and salaries payable (Note 25)  227,966  209,654  Lease liabilities  (Note  14)  352  518  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  (Note  14)  28  31  Total  228,346  210,203   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  exposure  to  various  risks  associated  with  the  financial  instruments  is disclosed  in  Note  3.  The  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  at  the  end  of  the  reporting period is  the  carrying  amount  of  each  class  of  financial  assets  mentioned  above.

## 19.  DEFERRED INCOME TAX

The analysis of deferred tax assets is as follows:

| At 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Deferred income tax assets:  - to be recovered within 12 months  19,909  7,860  - to be recovered after more than 12 months  48,593  52,429  68,502  60,289   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 19.  DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

The movement of deferred income tax assets during the year is as follows:

| Provision  for  impairment  of  trade  receivables  Accrued  advertising  and other  expenses  Advertising  expenses in  excess of  allowance  Tax losses  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  33,075  8,614  5,662  7,930  55,281  Credited/(charged) to the consolidated  income statement (Note 10)  9,192  (1,813)  (369)  (2,002)  5,008  As at 31 December 2021  42,267  6,801  5,293  5,928  60,289  (Charged)/credited to the consolidated  income statement (Note 10)  (11)  4,260  3,555  409  8,213  As at 31 December 2022  42,256  11,061  8,848  6,337  68,502   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group  only  recognises  deferred  income  tax  assets  for  cumulative  tax  losses  if  it  is probable that future taxable amounts  will be available to utilise those tax losses. Management  will  continue  to  assess  the  recognition  of  deferred  income  tax  assets  in future  reporting  periods.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  did  not  recognise  deferred income  tax  assets  of  RMB16,549,000  (2021:  RMB15,903,000)  in  respect  of  cumulative  tax losses  amounting to RMB75,576,000 (2021: RMB65,810,000).

The  expiry  date  of  tax  losses  carried  forward  in  respect  of  which  deferred  tax  assets  have not been accounted for is as follows:

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Expire in 2022  -  5,122  Expire in 2023  9,001  9,001  Expire in 2024  4,810  8,190  Expire in 2025  7,679  10,966  Expire in 2026  2,131  2,131  Expire in 2027  25,167  -  Expire over 5 years  26,788  30,400  75,576  65,810   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  subsidiaries  qualified  as  HNTE,  the  tax  losses  are  valid  for  deduction  for  an  extended period of 10 years.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20.  TRADE AND NOTE RECEIVABLES, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables, net of impairment provision (a)  432,665  387,376  Other receivables, net of impairment provision (b)  12,404  17,263  Prepaid value-added tax  8,694  12,419  Prepayments to suppliers  2,377  6,612  Notes receivable  17,114  5,736  473,254  429,406   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  trade  and  note  receivables,  other  receivables  and  prepayments were all denominated in RMB (31 December 2021: same).

## (a) Trade receivables, net of impairment provision

Credit  terms  granted  by  the  Group  are  generally  within  a  period  of  three  months  to one year. The ageing analysis of the trade receivables (net of impairment provision of RMB200,563,000 (31 December 2021: RMB187,727,000)) based on recognition date is as follows:

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Current to 6 months  323,535  281,620  6  months to 1 year  101,122  81,693  1  year  to  2  years  6,451  8,939  Above 2 years  1,557  15,124  432,665  387,376   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20.    TRADE  AND  NOTE RECEIVABLES, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (b) Other receivables, net of impairment provision

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Advance to employees  5,808  10,053  Rental receivables  268  886  Others  6,328  6,324  12,404  17,263   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  at  the  reporting  date  is  the  carrying  value  of each class  of  receivables  mentioned  above.  The  Group  does  not  hold  any  collateral  as security.

## 21.  INVESTMENT IN FINANCIAL ASSETS

In  June  2014,  the  Group  made  an  equity  investment  with  an  amount  of  USD5,000,000  in  a private  fund  (the  'Fund')  which  invested  in  shares  of  companies  principally  engaged  in Internet  business  ('Equity  Investments').  During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the Fund  made  certain  investment  in  cryptocurrencies  ('Cryptocurrency  Investments').  The Group  neither  have  control  nor  significant  influence  over  the  Fund.  As  at  31  December 2022,  the  Group  held  33.95%  (31  December  2021:  27.4%)  interests  of  the  Fund.  As  at 31  December  2022,  the  Group  classified  the  investment  in  the  Fund  as  financial  assets  at fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  (31  December  2021:  same).

Management  assessed  the  fair  value  of  the  Group's  investment  in  financial  assets  as  at 31  December  2022  based  on  the  net  asset  value  of  the  Fund  provided  by  the  Fund's administrator and calculated the portion attributable to the Group.

The  net  asset  value  of  the  Fund  provided  by  the  Fund's  administrator  is  based  on  the  fair value  of  underlying  investments  held  by  the  Fund,  which  are  mainly  influenced  by  the recent market price of its Equity Investments and Cryptocurrency Investments.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21.  INVESTMENT IN FINANCIAL ASSETS (CONTINUED)

The Group's portion of net asset value of the Fund was attributable to the following:

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Equity Investments  27,440  25,605  Cryptocurrency Investments  8,753  39,036  Other investments  4,407  2,905  At end of the year  40,600  67,546   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  2021,  movement  on  investment  in  financial assets  is  as  follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  At the beginning of the year  Changes in fair value:  67,546  62,785  - Equity Investments  1,835  (1,151)  - Cryptocurrency Investments  (30,283)  36,037  - Other investments  1,502  1,799  Redemption  -  (31,924)  At the end of the year  40,600  67,546   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 22.    CASH  AND  CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM BANK DEPOSITS WITH ORIGINAL TERMS OF OVER THREE MONTHS

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash at bank and on hand  240,985  162,510  Short-term bank deposits  159,000  319,240  Less:  399,985  481,750  Short-term bank deposits with original terms of  over three months  -  (90,740)  Cash and cash equivalents  399,985  391,010   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  except  for  the  cash  on  hand,  most  of  the  cash  and  cash equivalents  of  the  Group  were  placed  in  listed  state-owned  banks  or  listed  commercial banks  in  mainland  China  or  Hong  Kong  (31  December  2021:  same).  Management  did  not expect any losses from non-performance by these counterparties.

## 23.  ORDINARY SHARES

As at 31 December 2021 and 2022

Authorised ordinary shares

Number of shares

(in  thousand)

100,000,000

HKD'000

1,000,000

RMB'000

969,200

| Issued and fully paid up  Number of  shares  (in  thousand)  HKD'000  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2022  1,134,055  11,341  10,491  Employees share option schemes  - issued shares (a)  1,542  15  13  As at 31 December 2022  1,135,597  11,356  10,504   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 23.  ORDINARY SHARES (CONTINUED)

- (a) During the year ended 31 December 2022, 1,542,000 shares were issued by the Company. A  credit  of  RMB13,000  to  ordinary  shares  was  recorded  in  the  Group's  consolidated balance sheet.
- (b) As  at  31  December  2022,  the  total  number  of  issued  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company was  1,135,597,000  shares  (31  December  2021:  1,134,055,000  shares)  which  included 3,960,000  shares  (31  December  2021:  5,112,000)  held  under  the  Share  Award  Scheme (Note 24 (a)).

## 24.  RESERVES

| Share  premium  Merger  reserve  Capital  redemption  reserve  Shares held  for  Share  Award  Scheme  Statutory  reserve  funds  Other  reserve  Retained  earnings  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Aa at 1 January 2021  399,201  4  306  (2,139)  43,418  31,588  577,277  1,049,655  Share Award Scheme (a)  - value of employee services  -  -  -  3,092  -  -  -  3,092  - purchase of shares held for  share award scheme  -  -  -  (7,736)  -  -  -  (7,736)  Profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  -  49,920  49,920  Cash dividends relating to 2020  -  -  -  -  -  -  (147,120)  (147,120)  Transfer to retained earnings  -  -  -  -  -  (31,588)  31,588  -  Appropriation to  statutory reserves funds  -  -  -  -  706  -  (706)  -  As at 31 December 2021  399,201  4  306  (6,783)  44,124  -  510,959  947,811  Share Award Scheme (a)  - shares issued  1,613  -  -  (1,626)  -  -  -  (13)  - value of employee services  -  -  -  3,700  -  -  -  3,700  Loss  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (6,654)  (6,654)  Cash dividends relating to 2021  -  -  -  -  -  -  (113,164)  (113,164)  Appropriation to  statutory reserves funds  -  -  -  -  275  -  (275)  -  As at 31 December 2022  400,814  4  306  (4,709)  44,399  -  390,866  831,680   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  RESERVES (CONTINUED)

## (a)  Share Award Scheme

On  10  January  2011,  the  Board  approved  and  adopted  the  Share  Award  Scheme  for selected  employees  of  the  Group.  The  Group  has  set  up  a  trust  (the  'Share  Award Scheme Trust') for the purpose of administering the Share Award Scheme and holding shares  awarded  or  to  be  awarded  to  the  employees  (the  'Awarded  Shares')  before vesting.  Unless  early  terminated  by  the  Board,  the  Share  Award  Scheme  shall  be  valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on 10 January 2011.

Pursuant  to  the  Board's  resolution  passed  on  21  December  2020  (the  'Adoption Date'),  as  the  above-mentioned  Shared  Award  Scheme  will  be  expired  on  9  January 2021,  the  Company  has  adopted  a  new  scheme  with  a  term  of  10  years  commencing from  21  December  2020  (the  'New  Scheme').  The  New  Scheme  does  not  constitute  a share option scheme and is a discretionary scheme of the Company.

The  Board  implements  the  scheme  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  scheme  rules including  providing  necessary  funds  to  the  trustee  for  the  purchase  of  shares  up  to 5% of the issued share capital of the Company as of the Adoption Date.

Employees are not entitled to dividends on any awarded shares until these shares are transferred to them at the end of the vesting period.

The  movements  in  the  number  of  shares  held  for  the  Share  Award  Scheme  for  the year that ended are as follows:

| Awarded  shares  Shares to be  awarded  Total  (thousands)  (thousands)  (thousands)  As at 1 January 2022  -  5,112  5,112  Issued  -  1,542  1,542  Granted  3,494  (3,494)  -  Vested and transferred  (3,494)  -  (3,494)  As at 31 December 2022  -  3,160  3,160  As at 1 January 2021  -  2,933  2,933  Purchased  -  5,112  5,112  Granted  19,803  (2,933)  16,870  Forfeited  (16,870)  -  (16,870)  Vested  (2,933)  -  (2,933)  As at 31 December 2021  -  5,112  5,112   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  RESERVES (CONTINUED)

## (a) Share Award Scheme (Continued)

For  the  Awarded  Shares  granted  under  the  Share  Award  Scheme,  the  fair  value  is recognised as an expense over the period in which the vesting conditions are fulfilled. The  total  amount  to  be  expensed  over  the  vesting  period  is  determined  by  reference to  the  fair  value  of  the  Awarded  Shares  granted.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  1,542,000  shares  were  issued  by  the Company.  A  credit  of  RMB13,000  to  ordinary  shares  and  a  credit  of  RMB1,613,000  to share premium were recorded in the Group's consolidated balance sheet.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  3,494,000  shares  originally  held  by  the trustee  were  granted  and  vested  and  then  transferred  to  certain  employees  upon  the grant of such Awarded Shares.

The  fair  value  of  the  Awarded  Shares  granted  and  vested  during  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 and their vesting period are as follows:

| Total  value  of  shares at grant dates  Number  of  shares  granted  Market price at  grant dates  Vesting period  (RMB)  (thousands)  (RMB)  3,700,000  3,494  1.06  None   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  fair  value  of  the  Awarded  Shares  was  calculated  based  on  market  prices  of  the Company's  shares  as  at  the  respective  grant  dates.  A  total  expense  of  RMB3,700,000 was  recognised  for  employee  services  received  in  respect  of  the  Share  Award  Scheme for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  (2021:  RMB3,092,000).

If  shares  have  been  transferred  to  employees  and  the  employees  leave  the  Group before the vesting period stipulated in the agreement with the Group, the employees are  required  to  pay  back  the  Group  in  cash  amounting  to  the  fair  value  of  the  shares at  grant  date  in  proportion  to  the  unserviced  period.  An  asset  of  RMB149,000  (2021: RMB1,782,000) was recognised in other receivable in the consolidated balance sheet as at  31  December  2022  and  expenses  of  RMB1,633,000  was  recognised  in  profit  or  loss during the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB610,000).

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  the  Share  Award  Scheme  Trust  received cash dividend amounting to RMB396,000 (2021: RMB307,000) which will be used to pay for  the  fees  of  trust  or  purchase  a  maximum  number  of  shares  as  specified  by  the Board.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  RESERVES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Statutory reserve

In  accordance  with  the  PRC  regulations  and  the  articles  of  the  association  of  the  PRC companies comprising the Group, before distributing the net profit of each year, each of  the  companies  registered  in  the  PRC  is  required  to  set  aside  10%  of  its  statutory net profit for the year after offsetting any prior year's losses as determined under the PRC accounting regulations to the statutory surplus reserve fund. When the balance of such reserve reaches 50% of each company's share capital, any further appropriation is optional. The statutory surplus reserve fund can be utilised to offset prior years' losses or  to  issue  bonus  shares,  provided  that  the  balance  of  such  reserve  is  not  less  than 25% of the entity's registered capital after the bonus issue.

## 25.  ACCRUALS AND OTHER PAYABLES

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Accrued expenses (a)  216,109  197,454  Salaries  payable  50,637  50,194  Other tax payable  11,455  6,497  Other payables  11,857  12,200  290,058  266,345   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Accrued  expenses  of  the  Group  mainly  represented  accrued  service  commission  fees payable to advertising agencies and accrued advertising expenses.

As  at  31  December  2022,  The  fair  value  of  accruals  and  other  payables  approximated their  carrying  amounts (31 December 2021: same).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 26.  CASH FLOW INFORMATION

## (a) Cash generated from operations

Reconciliation  of  (loss)/profit  before  income  tax  to  cash  generated  from  operations  is as  follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  (3,012)  53,237  Adjustments for:  -   Impairment charge of trade receivables and  other receivables  16,945  44,985  - Impairment charge of intangible assets  -  1,000  -   Fair  value  change  of  investment  in  financial  assets  26,946  (36,685)  - Finance income - net  (12,951)  (6,865)  -   Depreciation of property and equipment  (Note 13)  8,731  12,272  - Depreciation of investment property (Note 15)  1,760  1,750  -   Dividend income on investment in  financial  assets  (Note  8)  (376)  (496)  - Depreciation of right-of-use asset (Note 14)  1,083  1,035  - Amortisation of intangible assets (Note 16)  9  285  -   Non-cash employee benefit expenses  - Share Award Scheme  3,700  3,092  42,835  73,610  Changes in working capital:  -   Trade  and  note  receivables,  other receivables and prepayments  (60,870)  178,052  - Accruals and other payables  23,713  (82,005)  - Contract liabilities  5,654  (5,016)  - Restricted cash  -  30  Cash generated from operations  11,332  164,671   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  CASH FLOW INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

(b) This  section  sets  out  a  reconciliation  of  liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities:

| Lease  liabilities  RMB'000  Net debt as at 1 January 2021  (382)  Cash flows  748  Addition of lease liabilities  (871)  Interest  expenses  (44)  Net debt as at 31 December 2021  (549)  Cash flows  771  Addition of lease liabilities  (596)  Interest  expenses  (6)  Net debt as at 31 December 2022  (380)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  COMMITMENTS

## (a) Operating lease commitments

The Group leases offices and buses under non-cancellable operating lease agreements. The  Group  has  recognised  right-of-use  assets  for  these  leases,  except  for  short-term leases,  see  Note  14  for  further  information.

The future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases not recognised in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Not later than one year  64  58   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 28.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control.

## (a) Name and relationship with related parties

| Name  Relationship  Kexim Company Limited  ('Kexim')  Controlled by executive director Mr. Wang  - Beijing Pacific Times Property Management Co., Ltd. Controlled by executive director Mr. Wang   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Related party transactions

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Rental expenses for office:  Kexim  283  273  Property management service for office:  Beijing  Pacific  Times  Property  Management Co., Ltd.  10  10   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

These  transactions  were  conducted  at  terms  pursuant  to  agreements  entered  into between the Group and the respective related parties.

## 28.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

## (c) Balances with related parties

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Included in lease liabilities:  Kexim  -  260   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d)  Key management personnel compensation

Key management  includes the executive directors, the CEO and other senior executives.  The  aggregate  compensation  to  key  management  for  employee  services excluding  the  executive  directors  and  the  CEO  whose  details  have  been  reflected  in Note 7 is as follows:

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Basic  salaries,  housing  allowances  and  benefits  in  kind  9,305  15,202  Contributions to pension schemes  312  210  9,617  15,412   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29.  BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

| As at 31 December  Note  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Intangible assets  7,793  7,793  Interests  in  subsidiaries  295,074  291,387  Dividend due from subsidiaries  21,000  16,000  323,867  315,180  Current assets  Amounts due from subsidiaries  68,226  67,835  Dividend due from subsidiaries  463,000  561,000  Cash and cash equivalents  11,126  12,359  542,352  641,194  Total  assets  866,219  956,374  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Ordinary shares  10,504  10,491  Reserves  (a)  843,355  933,239  Total  equity  853,859  943,730  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables  1,761  2,240  Amounts due to subsidiaries  10,599  10,404  Total  current  liabilities  12,360  12,644  Total  equity  and  liabilities  866,219  956,374   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 29.  BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

## (a)  Reserve movement of the Company

| Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Contributed  surplus  Shares held  for  Share  Award  Scheme  Retained  earnings  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at 1 January 2021  384,201  306  88,277  (2,139)  600,298  1,070,943  Share Award Scheme  - value of employee services  -  -  -  3,092  -  3,092  - purchase of shares held for  share award scheme  -  -  -  (7,736)  -  (7,736)  Profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  14,060  14,060  Cash dividends relating to 2020  -  -  -  -  (147,120)  (147,120)  As at 31 December 2021  384,201  306  88,277  (6,783)  467,238  933,239  Share Award Scheme  - shares issued  1,613  -  -  (1,626)  -  (13)  - value of employee services  -  -  -  3,700  -  3,700  Profit  for  the  year  -  -  -  -  19,593  19,593  Cash dividends relating to 2021  -  -  -  -  (113,164)  (113,164)  As at 31 December 2022  385,814  306  88,277  (4,709)  373,667  843,355   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30.  SUBSEQUENT EVENT

There  are  no  material  subsequent  event  that  required  additional  disclosure  in  its  financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years,  as  extracted  from  the  published  audited  financial  statements  and  restated  reclassified/ represented as appropriate, is set out below.

| Year ended 31 December  RESULTS  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  813,728  852,153  967,470  990,823  1,022,699  (Loss)/profit  before  income  tax  (3,012)  53,237  191,287  187,768  161,257  Income tax expense  (3,998)  (1,386)  (27,713)  (33,088)  (27,944)  (Loss)/profit  for  the  year  (7,010)  51,851  163,574  154,680  133,313  Attributable to:  Equity holders of the Company  (6,654)  49,920  161,887  153,124  132,747  ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND  ASSETS LESS LIABILITIES  Total  assets  1,231,299  1,310,609  1,513,699  1,417,795  1,410,909  Total  liabilities  384,481  347,317  448,244  411,751  414,176  Total  assets  less  liabilities  846,818  963,292  1,065,455  1,006,044  996,773   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|