<!-- image -->

## Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad

Registration No.: 198301000236 (95469-W)

ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CONTENTS PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  2  Notice of Meeting  3  Profile of Directors  5  Profile of Key Senior Management  6  Statement on Corporate Governance  8  Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control  16  Other Information  20  Report of the Audit Committee  21  Management Discussion and Analysis  23  Sustainability Report  25  Group Financial Highlights  27  Directors' Report  28  Statement by Directors  33  Statutory Declaration  33  Independent Auditors' Report  34  Statements of Financial Position  39  Statements of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income  41  Statements of Changes in Equity  42  Statements of Cash Flows  43  Notes to the Financial Statements  45  Properties Owned by the Group  97  Analysis of Shareholdings  98  Form of Proxy   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD CORPORATE INFORMATION

CORPORATE INFORMATION

## Board of Directors

Farizon binti Ibrahim, Independent Non-Executive Director Wong Nyen Faat, Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

## Joint Company Secretaries

Lee Chik Siong (MAICSA 7054334, SSM PC No. 202008000770) Wong Shuk Fuen (MIA 12985, SSM PC No. 202008004207)

## Auditors

Crowe Malaysia PLT, Chartered Accountants

## Principal Bankers

Affin Islamic Bank Berhad AmBank (M) Berhad Malayan Banking Berhad

## Registrar

Tricor Investor &amp; Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia Tel. No.: 03-2783 9299 Fax. No.: 03-2783 9222

## Registered Office

189 Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

Tel. No.: 03-2145 1366

Fax. No.: 03-2144 5209

Website: www.pmholdings.com.my

## Stock Exchange Listing

Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market - Consumer Products &amp; Services Sector

## Stock Name and Code

PMHLDG (1287)

## NOTICE OF MEETING PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

NOTICE OF MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 39th Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of the Company will be held virtually through live streaming from the Broadcast Venue at Corus 1, Level 1, Corus Hotel Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur on Thursday, 8 December 2022 at 2.00 p.m. for the following purposes:

## As Ordinary Business

1. To receive the audited financial statements together with the reports of the Directors and Auditors thereon for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.
2. To approve the payment of Directors' Fees of RM53,897 for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

Resolution 1

3. To approve the payment of Directors' Benefits (other than Directors' Fees) of up to RM36,000 for the period from 9 December 2022 until the next AGM. Resolution 2
4. To re-elect Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim, who is retiring in accordance with Clause 118 of the Company's Constitution, as Director of the Company. Resolution 3
5. To re-appoint Crowe Malaysia PLT as auditors of the Company and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. Resolution 4

## As Special Business

To consider and, if thought fit, pass the following ordinary resolutions:

6. Proposed retention of Independent Non-Executive Director

'THAT  Puan  Farizon  binti  Ibrahim,  who  has  served  as  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the Company for a  cumulative  term  of  more  than  9  years,  be  and  is  hereby  retained  as  Independent  NonExecutive Director of the Company until 31 May 2023 pursuant to Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad ('Bursa Securities') Main Market Listing Requirements.' Resolution 5

7. Proposed authority to allot and issue shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016

'THAT pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016 and subject to the approval of the relevant authorities, the Directors be and are hereby authorised to allot and issue shares in the Company at any time until the conclusion of the next AGM or until the expiration of the period within which the next AGM is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier and upon such terms and conditions and for such purposes as the Directors may, in their absolute discretion, deem fit, provided always that the aggregate number of shares to be issued pursuant to this resolution does not exceed 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company for the time being.' Resolution 6

8. To transact any other business of which due notice shall have been received.

By order of the Board

Lee Chik Siong (MAICSA 7054334, SSM PC No. 202008000770) Wong Shuk Fuen (MIA 12985, SSM PC No. 202008004207) Joint Company Secretaries

Kuala Lumpur 31 October 2022

## NOTICE OF MEETING ( C o n t ' d ) PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

NOTICE OF MEETING

Notes:

1. The 39th AGM of the Company will  be held virtually  through  live  streaming  and  online  remote  voting  via  the  Remote Participation and Voting ('RPV') facilities provided by Tricor Investor &amp; Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd which are available on its TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online. Please refer to the Administrative Guide to Shareholders for the detailed steps on the RPV facilities.

The Broadcast Venue is strictly for the purpose of complying with Section 327(2) of the Companies Act 2016 which requires the Chairman of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the 39th AGM.

## No Members or proxies shall be allowed to be physically present at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the 39th AGM.

2. Only members whose names appear on the Record of Depositors as at 25 November 2022 shall be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting or appoint proxy(ies) to attend and vote on their behalf.
3. A  member entitled to attend and vote may not appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at the same meeting. A member who is an authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, may appoint one proxy only in respect of each securities account it holds. Where a member is an exempt authorised nominee to multiple beneficial owners in one securities account ('omnibus account'), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds.
4. Where two or more proxies are appointed, the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy must be specified in the instrument appointing the proxies, failing which the appointments shall be invalid.
5. The Form of Proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing or if such appointor is a corporation, under its common seal or under the hand of the attorney.
6. The Form of Proxy must be deposited in the following manner, not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or any adjournment thereof:
6. (i)
7. Hardcopy form (applicable for all members)

The original signed Form of Proxy must be deposited with the Share Registrar of the Company, Tricor Investor &amp; Issuing House Services Sdn Bhd at Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

- (ii) TIIH Online

You may also submit the Form of Proxy electronically via TIIH Online website at https://tiih.online by following the procedures provided in the Administrative Guide for this 39th AGM.

7. Pursuant to the Bursa Securities Main Market Listing Requirements, all the resolutions set out in this Notice will be put to vote by way of poll.

## EXPLANATORY NOTES ON SPECIAL BUSINESS

1. The Ordinary Resolution proposed under item 6, if passed, will authorise Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim to continue to act as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company until 31 May 2023 pursuant to Bursa Securities Main Market Listing Requirements.

The Nomination Committee, with Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim abstaining from the deliberation of her own assessment, had assessed  the  independence  of  Puan  Farizon  binti  Ibrahim  who  has  served  on  the  Board  as  Independent  Non-Executive Director of the Company for a cumulative term of more than 9 years, and upon its recommendation, the Board was satisfied that Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim has met the independence guidelines as set out in Chapter 1 of Bursa Securities Main Market Listing Requirements. The length of her service does not interfere with Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim's ability and exercise of independent judgement as Independent Director.

2. The Ordinary Resolution proposed under item 7 is a renewal of the general authority for the Directors to issue shares pursuant to Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016. If passed, it will empower the Directors of the Company, from the date of the above 39th AGM until the next AGM to allot and issue shares in the Company up to and not exceeding in total 10% of the total number of issued shares of the Company for the time being for such purposes as they consider would be in the interests of the Company. This authority will expire at the next AGM of the Company, unless revoked or varied at a general meeting.

The Company has not issued any new shares under the general authority which was approved at the 38th AGM held on 9 December 2021 and which will lapse at the conclusion of the 39th AGM to be held on 8 December 2022.

The general authority to issue shares will allow the Company to take advantage of any strategic opportunities, including but not limited to, issuance of new shares for purpose of funding investment project(s), working capital and/or acquisitions which require new shares to be allotted and issued speedily and would also save the cost involved in convening a general meeting to approve such issuance of shares.

(Cont'd)

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD PROFILE OF DIRECTORS

PROFILE OF DIRECTORS

## Farizon binti Ibrahim

Age  65.  Female.  Malaysian.  Independent  Non-Executive  Director.  She  was  appointed  to  the  Board  on  25 October  2011.  She  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee.  She  is  also  a  member  of  the  Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. She sits on the Boards of Malayan United Industries Berhad, Pan Malaysian  Industries  Berhad,  Pan  Malaysia  Capital  Berhad  and  Metrojaya  Berhad.  She  is  the  Advisor  for  EL Wafa Travel Services Sdn Bhd. She is a graduate in Accountancy and Business Management Studies. She had worked with Tabung Haji Kuala Lumpur from 1980 to 1985 and was subsequently attached to Tabung Haji Saudi  Arabia  under  the  auspices  of  the  Embassy  of  Malaysia  from  1986  to  1992.  She  was  appointed  as  the Councillor in the Haj Welfare Division in Tabung Haji Jeddah to assist pilgrims who need counselling during the Haj period in Saudi Arabia. She was also the Public Relations Manager of the Malaysian Women's Association Club of Jeddah. She handled the activities of the Club that includes public relations with various Government, Corporate  and  other  associations  in  Saudi  Arabia.  She  also  played  an  important  role  in  the  International Women's  Association  of  Jeddah  in  the  affairs  of  Welfare  and  Charity  work.  Formerly,  she  was  the  Chief Executive Officer of FDI Travel Services Sdn Bhd. Her exposure and experience in trade and travel began while working for the family-owned businesses. She attended all the 4 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## Wong Nyen Faat

Age 65. Male. Malaysian. Non-Independent Non-Executive Director. He was appointed to the Board on 22 June 2011. He is a member of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee. He also sits  on  the  Boards  of  Malayan  United  Industries  Berhad,  Pan  Malaysia  Corporation  Berhad,  MUI  Properties Berhad  and  Pan  Malaysia  Capital  Berhad.  He  had  served  as  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  The  MUI  Group, Executive  Director  of  Pan  Malaysia  Corporation  Berhad  and  Executive  Director  of  Morning  Star  Resources Limited  in  Hong  Kong.  He  holds  a  First  Class  Honours  Bachelor's  Degree  in  Science  (Mathematics)  with Education  from  the  University  of  Malaya  and  a  Master's  Degree  in  Business  Management  from  the  Asian Institute  of  Management. He attended all the 4 Board Meetings held during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

Note:

Save as disclosed, none of the Directors has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholders of the Company. None of the Directors has any conflict of  interest  with  the  Company nor  have they been convicted  of any offences  within  the past 5  years. There were no public sanctions or penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD PROFILE OF KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT

PROFILE OF KEY SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## Andrew Khoo Boo Yeow

Age 50. Male. Australian. He was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of The MUI Group  on  1  January  2018.  He  is  currently  the  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Malayan  United Industries Berhad, Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of MUI Properties Berhad, Chairman of Metrojaya Berhad, an Executive Director of Pan Malaysia Corporation Berhad and Network Foods International Ltd, and a Director of West Synergy Sdn Bhd, A &amp; W (Malaysia) Sdn Bhd, Laura Ashley Inc., Laura Ashley (North America) Inc., Regent Corporation and Corus Hotels Limited. He is a Barrister-at-law from Lincolns Inn, United  Kingdom  and  also  holds  a  Degree  in  Law  and  Master  of  Arts  from  Cambridge  University,  United Kingdom and Master of Business Administration from Seattle Pacific University, United States of America as well  as  Bachelor  of  Arts  majoring  in  Political  Science  and  minoring  in  Economics  from  the  University  of Victoria,  Canada.  He  has  also  held  senior  management  positions  in  a  number  of  diverse  industries  including food, retailing, and the hospitality sector. He is the son of Tan Sri Dato' Khoo Kay Peng, the deemed major shareholder of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad.

## George Tang Kim Siw

Age 78. Male. Malaysian. He is the Senior Vice President of The MUI Group since 1 June 2022. Prior to his retirement in 2020, he held several senior positions with The MUI Group. These included Executive Director of MUI Properties Berhad, Executive Director of the Hotel Division, and Chief Executive Officer of Metrojaya Berhad. During his 30-year career with the Group, he had also served with the Group's overseas operations as Executive Director of Corus Hotels Ltd, United Kingdom, President, Regent Corporation, USA, President, MUI Philippines Inc. and Chief Executive, MUI Resources Philippines Inc. His past career experience also included stints in public relations consultancy and human resources development.

## Ong Hung Ming

Age 65. Male. Malaysian. He is the Senior Vice President of The MUI Group since 1 June 2022. Currently, he sits on the board of PM Capital Berhad, Metrojaya Berhad and several other private companies. He obtained a Bachelor  of  Social  Science  (Economics)  with  Honours  from  Universiti  Sains  Malaysia.  He  has  more  than  30 years'  experience  in  banking  and  finance  both  in  Malaysia  and  Hong  Kong.  He  started  his  career  with  Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Berhad and has served in various capacities including branch manager throughout Malaysia. In 1996, he was transferred to Hong Kong branch as the General Manager and held the same position under Bumiputra  Commerce  Bank  Berhad  (now  known  as  CIMB  Bank  Berhad).  He  was  overall  in  charge  of  the banking operations including the money market, bilateral and syndication loans and trade finance. In 2001, he joined a Hong Kong public listed company as the Group Business Controller reporting directly to the Executive Chairman. His experience in banking and finance has assisted the Group in raising funds from both the capital market as well as from the banking sector.

## Raymond Yeoh Huat Hock

Age 67. Male. Malaysian. He is the Executive Director of the Group's Hotel Division (Malaysia). He joined the Group's Hotel Division (Malaysia) as Vice President in August 2012. He has a Diploma in Hotel Management from the American Hotel &amp; Motel Association. He has over 40 years of experience in hotel industry. He worked with  the  Holiday  Inns  in  Kuala  Lumpur,  Penang  and  Hong  Kong  and  has  extensive  hotel  pre-opening experience with Equatorial Penang and the Swiss Garden International Group. He had also worked with 5-star Padma hotel in Bali, Indonesia. In 1994, he was appointed as General Manager to pre-open two Swiss Garden hotels and was subsequently appointed as Vice President (Operations) of the Swiss Garden International Group.

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## Wong Shuk Fuen

Age  52.  Female.  Malaysian.  She  is  the  Group  Financial  Controller.  She  joined  The  MUI  Group  as  Financial Controller in October 2014. She has 28 years of experience in accounting and finance, and is a member of the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants, United Kingdom and a member of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants. She started her career as Accounts Officer at Guolene Plastic Products Sdn Bhd before moving on to various accounting and financial positions in Kenneison Brothers Group. Prior to joining The MUI Group, she was Vice President of AlloyMtd Group.

Note:

Save as disclosed, none of the Key Senior Management has any family relationship with any Director and/or major shareholder of the Company. None of the Key Senior Management has any conflict of interest with the Company nor have they been convicted of any offences within the past 5 years. There were no public sanctions or penalties imposed by the relevant regulatory bodies during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD S TA T E M E N T   O N   C O R P O R A T E   G O V E R N A N C E

STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Board of Directors (the 'Board') is committed to the principles of corporate governance  set out in the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance (the 'Code'). The Board is also committed in continuously observing corporate governance practices that are best suited to achieve the objectives and goals of the Company.

Set  out  below  is  the  description  on  the  manner  in  which  the  Company  has  applied  the  principles  and recommendations of the Code.

## PRINCIPLE A: BOARD LEADERSHIP AND EFFECTIVENESS

## 1. Board of Directors

## 1.1 Role and Responsibilities of the Board

The Board takes overall responsibility for the corporate governance and performance of the Company and its subsidiaries ('the Group') and is also committed to achieving the highest standards of business integrity, ethics and professionalism across the Group's activities.

The Board is responsible for the overall performance of the Company and focuses mainly on strategy, performance, standard of conduct and critical business issues.

## 1.2 Composition of Board

The Board currently consists of 2 Directors:

-  1 Independent and Non-Executive Director
-  1 Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Following the vacancy in the Board, the Board will take the necessary steps to ensure the compliance with Paragraph 15.02 of the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements that requires at least 2 or 1/3 of the Board, whichever is higher, to be Independent Directors.

The Board has reserved certain material matters for the collective review and decision by the Board. The roles and contributions of Independent Directors also provide an element of objectivity, independent judgement and check and balance on the Board. Matters reserved for the Board include but are not limited to the following:

- (a) Group's business strategy and business plan;
- (b) Annual budgets, including major capital commitments;
- (c) Material acquisition and disposal of assets; and
- (d) Changes to the senior management and control structure

The Management is accountable to the Board for the Company's performance and is required to report regularly to the Board on the progress made by the Company's business units.

Together, the Directors bring a wide range of business and financial experience for effective direction and management of the Group's businesses. A brief description of the background of each Director is presented in page 5 of the Annual Report.

Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim has been identified as the Senior Independent Non-Executive Director to whom concerns regarding the Company may be conveyed.

The Board recognises the importance of gender, age and ethnic diversity in the composition of the Board. The Board currently does not have any gender, age and ethnic policies. The Board believes that candidature to the Board should be based on a candidate's skills, experience, knowledge, expertise and commitment to fulfill the role and responsibilities of the position.

The Board has formed different Board committees, in support of independent oversight of management that operate within the defined terms of reference. These committees are:

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

- Audit Committee
- Nomination Committee
- Remuneration Committee

The Report of the Audit Committee for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 is set out in pages 21 to 22 of the Annual Report.

Details of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee are set out in Section 2.2 and Section 2.3 respectively of this Statement.

## 1.3 Independence of Directors

The Code recommends that the tenure of an Independent Director should not exceed a cumulative term of 9 years. However, upon completion of the 9 years, the Independent Director may continue to serve the Board subject to shareholders' approval.

In addition, the Board took note on the Enhanced Director Amendments issued by Bursa Securities, whereby the tenure of an Independent Director on the Board will be limited to 12 years. The affected long-serving Independent Director shall be re-designated as Non-Independent Director or replaced by the Board, by 1 June 2023.

The  Nomination  Committee  had  assessed  the  independence  and  performance  of  an  Independent Director who had exceeded the 9 years tenure and recommended a resolution to be tabled at forthcoming Annual General Meeting to retain the said Independent Director via single tier voting process.

The Board will continuously evaluate from time to time the independence of each of its Independent Directors. In this regard, the Board will be guided by the criteria set out in the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements.

## 1.4 Board Meetings

The  Board  meets  at  least  4  times  a  year,  with  additional  meetings  convened  as  necessary.  During meetings, the Chairman leads the discussions and welcomes opinions, facts and concerns from members of  the  Board.  The  Chairman  is  responsible  for  setting  the  agenda  for  Board  meetings.  Any  Board member may, however, recommend the inclusion of items on the agenda. Such recommendations will be accommodated to the extent practicable. The agenda typically reaches the Board at least 2 weeks prior to Board meetings. Board meetings are typically scheduled a year in advance.

4 Board Meetings were held during the financial year ended 30 June 2022. Details of the attendance of the Directors are set out in the Profile of Directors appearing in page 5 of the Annual Report.

## 1.5 Appointments to the Board

The Nomination Committee is responsible in identifying and evaluating potential candidates based on their skills, experience, knowledge, expertise and commitment to fulfill the role and responsibilities of the position before making any recommendation to the Board for approval of the appointment. The proposed  appointment  of  each  new  Director  will  be  deliberated  by  the  Board  based  on  the recommendation by the Nomination Committee.

The Board has taken note of the recommendation in the Code pertaining to the establishment of board gender diversity policy. The Board recognises the importance of boardroom diversity and aims to ensure diversity  in  its  composition.  The  Board  currently  has  1  female  Director,  namely  Puan  Farizon  binti Ibrahim.

The Directors have direct access to the services of the Joint Company Secretaries who are responsible for ensuring that all appointments are properly made and all necessary information are obtained from Directors, both for the Company's own records and for the purposes of meeting the requirements of the Companies Act 2016, Bursa Securities Listing Requirements and other regulatory requirements.

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD S TA T E M E N T   O N   C O R P O R A T E   G O V E R N A N C E ( C o n t ' d )

STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## 1.6 Re-election of Directors

In accordance with the Company's Constitution, Directors who are appointed by the Board are subject to election by shareholders at the next Annual General Meeting following their appointment.

The Company's Constitution provide that at every Annual General Meeting, 1/3 of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not multiple of three, then the number nearest to 1/3, shall retire from office and shall be eligible for re-election. The Company's Constitution further provide that all Directors shall retire from office at least once in every three years and shall be eligible for re-election.

## 1.7 Directors Remuneration

The  Remuneration  Committee  will  review  the  remuneration  of  the  Directors  and  submit  its recommendations  to  the  Board  for  approval.  The  individual  director  concerned  will  abstain  from discussion  of  their  own  remuneration.  Directors'  remuneration  are  approved  at  the  Annual  General Meeting by the shareholders.

For the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the aggregate of remuneration of the Directors received from the  Company  and  the  Group's  subsidiaries  are  categorised  into  appropriate  components  and  is  as follows:

| Directors'  Remuneration  Fees  RM'000  Allowance  RM'000  Total  RM'000  Group  Executive Director  Chan Choung Yau*  10  2  12  Non-Executive Directors  Dr Wong Hong Meng #  17  4  21  Farizon binti Ibrahim  15  4  19  Wong Nyen Faat  13  4  17  55  14  69  Company  Executive Director  Chan Choung Yau*  10  2  12  Non-Executive Directors  Dr Wong Hong Meng #  17  4  21  Farizon binti Ibrahim  15  4  19  Wong Nyen Faat  13  4  17  55  14  69   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

*    Deceased on 21 May 2022.

# Retired on 1 October 2022.

The  Board  opines  that  disclosing  the  senior  managements'  remuneration  is  unfavourable  as  it  may jeopardise confidentiality and is against upholding ones' privacy. Further, such sensitive information may encourage poaching.

## 1.8 Supply of Information

The Board has unrestricted access to information necessary for the furtherance of their duties.

The  Board  is  also  updated  by  the  Joint  Company  Secretaries  on  new  statutory  and  regulatory requirements concerning their duties and responsibilities from time to time.

(Cont'd)

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

Board  papers  are  distributed  to  Board  members  prior  to  the  meeting.  Important  matters  that  are reasonably expected to have a material effect on the price, value or market activity of the Company's shares may be discussed at the meeting without materials being distributed prior to the meeting.

All  Directors  have  access  to  the  advice  and  services  of  the  Joint  Company  Secretaries  and  where necessary,  in  the  furtherance  of  their  duties,  obtain  independent  professional  advice  at  the  Group's expense.

## 1.9   Qualified and Competent Company Secretaries

The Board is supported by 2 Joint Company Secretaries who are qualified to act as Company Secretary under Section 235(2) of the Companies Act 2016. One of them is a member of the Malaysian Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators ('MAICSA') whilst the other is a member of Malaysian Institute of Accountants ('MIA').

The  Joint  Company  Secretaries  play  an  advisory  role  to  the  Board  in  relation  to  the  Company's compliances  with  relevant  regulatory  requirements,  guidelines  and  legislation.  The  Joint  Company Secretaries circulate relevant guidelines and updates on statutory and regulatory requirements from time to time for the Directors' reference.

The  Joint  Company  Secretaries  facilitate  the  orientation  of  new  Directors  besides  coordinating  the Directors' training and development. The Joint Company Secretaries ensure that all Board and Board Committee  meetings  are  properly  convened  and  that  deliberations,  proceedings  and  resolutions  are properly minuted and documented. The Joint Company Secretaries constantly keep themselves up-todate  through  continuous  training  of  the  regularly  evolving  capital  market  environment,  regulatory changes and developments in Corporate Governance.

## 1.10  Directorships in other Companies

In accordance with the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements, each member of the Board holds not more than 5 directorships in public listed companies. Prior to acceptance of any other appointment for directorships in other public listed companies, the Directors are required to consult with the Chairman to  ensure  that  the  acceptance  of  the  new  directorships  would  not  affect  their  commitments  and responsibilities to the Group. Any acceptance of new directorships must be notified to the Company immediately and the Board is informed of all changes to the directorships held by the Directors at the following Board meeting.

## 1.11  Directors' Training

All the Directors have attended and successfully completed the Mandatory Accreditation Programme prescribed by Bursa Securities.

For the financial year under review, Puan Farizon binti Ibrahim, Mr Wong Nyen Faat, Dr Wong Hong Meng (Retired on 1 October 2022) and the late Mr Chan Choung Yau (Deceased on 21 May 2022) had attended a training programme on the subject of 'New Practices &amp; Updates to the Malaysian Code on Corporate Governance'. This training was organised by the Company and held in-house.

The Directors are encouraged to attend training programmes and seminars which they feel may be conducive to ensure that they are kept abreast on various aspects related to the businesses of the Group and its regulations, compliance, risk management and sustainability.

## 2.    Board Committees

## 2.1 Audit Committee

The  Audit  Committee  comprises  exclusively  Non-Executive  Directors.  The  members  of  the  Audit Committee are as follows:

Chairman Farizon binti Ibrahim

- -Independent Non-Executive Director

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD S TA T E M E N T   O N   C O R P O R A T E   G O V E R N A N C E ( C o n t ' d )

STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## 2.1 Audit Committee (Cont'd)

Members

Wong Nyen Faat

- Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Dr Wong Hong Meng

(Retired on 1 October 2022)

- Independent Non-Executive Director

Following the vacancy in the Audit Committee, the Board will take the necessary steps to ensure the compliance with Paragraph 15.09 of the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements that requires an audit committee must be composed of not fewer than 3 members with a majority of them being Independent Directors.

The attendance of members at the Audit Committee Meetings and work of the Audit Committee for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 are set out in the Report of the Audit Committee in page 21 of the Annual  Report.  The  terms  of  reference  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  available  on  the  Company's corporate website at www.pmholdings.com.my.

## 2.2  Nomination Committee

The  Nomination  Committee  comprises  exclusively  Non-Executive  Directors.  The  members  of  the Nomination Committee are as follows:

Chairman

Dr Wong Hong Meng (Retired on 1 October 2022)

- Independent Non-Executive Director

Members

Farizon binti Ibrahim Wong Nyen Faat (Appointed on 21 October 2022)

-

Independent Non-Executive Director

- Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

Following the vacancy in the Nomination Committee, the Board will take the necessary steps to ensure the compliance with Paragraph 15.08A(1) of the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements that requires a nominating committee must comprises exclusively of non-executive directors with a majority of them being Independent Directors.

The  Nomination  Committee  held  1  meeting  during  the  financial  year  ended  30  June  2022.  The Nomination Committee has carried out the annual assessment for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and is satisfied that the size of the Board is optimum and there is an appropriate mix of knowledge, skills,  attributes,  diversity  and  core  competencies  in  the  Board's  composition.  The  Nomination Committee assesses every Director annually and such assessment is based on different criteria set out in the Directors' Fit and Proper Policy.

Annual appraisals on the Independent Directors are also conducted via a self-assessment questionnaire to  be  filled-up  by  each  Independent  Director  and  submitted  to  the  Nomination  Committee  before recommending to the Board on its composition.

The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee and the Directors' Fit and Proper Policy are available on the Company's corporate website at www.pmholdings.com.my.

## 2.3  Remuneration Committee

The Remuneration Committee comprises exclusively Non-Executive Directors. The members of the Remuneration Committee are as follows:

Chairman

Dr Wong Hong Meng (Retired on 1 October 2022)

- Independent Non-Executive Director

Members

Farizon binti Ibrahim - Wong Nyen Faat (Appointed on 21 October 2022)

Independent Non-Executive Director

- Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

(Cont'd)

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

The primary duty and responsibility of the Remuneration Committee is to recommend to the Board the remuneration  of  Executive  Directors  in  all  forms,  drawing  from  outside  advice  as necessary. Nevertheless, the determination of remuneration packages of Executive Directors is a matter for the Board as a whole and individual Executive Directors are required to abstain from discussion of their own remuneration.

The Remuneration Committee shall also recommend to the Board the remuneration of Non-Executive Directors. The determination of the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors is a matter for the Board collectively.

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the Directors' fees and Directors' benefits and made recommendations to the Board.

## 3. Board Charter

The Board has established a Board Charter which prescribes, among other things, the roles of the Board and the matters reserved for the Board's collective decision to assist in the discharge of its responsibilities.

The Board Charter is subject to review by the Board from time to time to ensure that the Board Charter remains consistent with the Board's objectives, current laws and practice. The Board Charter was adopted by the  Company  on  17  May  2013.  The  Board  Charter  is  available  on  the  Company's  corporate  website  at www.pmholdings.com.my.

## 4. Code of Conduct &amp; Business Ethics

The Company has adopted a Code of Conduct &amp; Business Ethics which sets out the guidelines on ethical issues which may arise during the course of business and the standards of behaviour expected of all Directors and employees.

The  Directors  conduct  themselves  with  the  highest  ethical  standards.  All  Directors  and  employees  are expected to behave ethically and professionally at all times and thereby protect and promote the reputation and performance of the Company. The Code of Conduct &amp; Business Ethics is available on the Company's corporate website at www.pmholdings.com.my.

## 5. Whistleblower Policy

The Company has adopted and implemented a Whistleblower Policy which is committed in promoting and maintaining high standards of transparency, accountability and ethics in the workplace, in line with good corporate governance and prevailing legislation.

Pursuant  to  this  Whistleblower  Policy,  employees  in  the  Company  are  encouraged  to  report  or  disclose alleged,  suspected  and/or  known  improper  conduct  in  the  workplace  without  fear  of  retribution  or detrimental  action.  The  Whistleblower  Policy  is  available  on  the  Company's  corporate  website  at www.pmholdings.com.my.

## 6. Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy

The Company has adopted and implemented an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy which provides the guidelines on the scope and objective of handling bribery and corruption issues within the Group.

It is part of the Company's commitment to adhere strictly to the relevant laws relating to corruption including but not limited to the Malaysian Anti-Corruption Commission Act 2009, the Penal Code (Act 574) and the Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism Financing Act 2001. It is also intended to serve as a preventive tool to help the Directors, employees and business partners recognise, detect and avoid potential corrupt practices.

The Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy is subject to review by the Board from time to time to assess its  effectiveness.  The  Anti-Bribery  and  Anti-Corruption  Policy  is  available  on  the  Company's  corporate website at www.pmholdings.com.my.

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD S TA T E M E N T   O N   C O R P O R A T E   G O V E R N A N C E ( C o n t ' d )

STATEMENT ON CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## PRINCIPLE B: EFFECTIVE AUDIT AND RISK MANAGEMENT

## 7. Accountability and Audit

## 7.1 Financial Reporting

The Audit Committee is tasked to assist the Board in ensuring that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2016 and the applicable financial reporting standards. The Board has the overall responsibility  to  ensure  that  the  financial  statements  reviewed  and  recommended  by  the  Audit 2016 and applicable financial reporting standards so as to present a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group.

## 7.2 Risk Management and Internal Control

The Directors acknowledge their responsibilities for an internal control system in the Group, covering not only financial controls but also controls relating to operational, compliance and risk management. The system of internal control involves each key business unit and its management, including the Board, a exposed.

The  system,  by  its  nature,  can  only  provide  reasonable  and  not  absolute  assurance  against  material misstatement, loss or fraud. The concept of reasonable assurance recognises the costing aspect, whereby the cost of control procedures is not to exceed the expected benefits. The Board has established an internal  audit  function  which  reports  directly  to  the  Audit  Committee.  Details  of  the  internal  audit functions are set out in the Report of the Audit Committee in page 22 of the Annual Report.

The Board recognises that risks cannot be fully eliminated. As such, the Group has an Enterprise Risk se and manage them. The Board has established a Risk Management Committee comprising the Chief Executive Officer of the ultimate holding company, Malayan United Industries Berhad, the Group Financial Controller and the Head of Operations and guided by documented terms of reference. The Risk Management Committee tables their risk report to the  Audit  Committee  after  regular  meetings  that  are  held  to  deliberate  on  risk  and  control  issues. Ongoing reviews are continuously carried out to ensure the effectiveness, adequacy and integrity of the

Details of the Company's internal control system and risk management are set out in the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control in pages 16 to 19 of the Annual Report.

## 7.3 Relationship with the External Auditors

audit on the statutory financial statements. In doing so, the Company has established a transparent arrangement with the auditors to meet their professional requirements.

The Audit Committee met the external auditors  once during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 affairs.

Further, the Audit Committee carries out its own evaluation on the external auditors to determine their suitability in various aspects such as their audit scope and independence. The external auditors have also provided assurances to the Audit Committee on its independence via the Audit Planning Memorandum and Audit Review Memorandum.

The role of the Audit Committee in relation to the external auditors is set out in the Report of the Audit Committee in page 21 of the Annual Report.

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## PRINCIPLE C: INTEGRITY IN CORPORATE REPORTING AND MEANINGFUL RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

## 8. Corporate Disclosure Policy

The Company aims to provide accurate and fair disclosure of corporate information to enable informed and orderly market decisions by investors in accordance with the requirements under the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements as the Company promotes transparency in all aspects of its business and/or management.

## 9. Directors' Responsibilities in respect of Financial Statements

The Directors are required by the Companies Act 2016 to prepare financial statements for each financial year, which give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at the end of the financial year and of the financial performance and cash flows of the Group and of the Company for the financial year.

The Directors ensure that suitable accounting policies have been used and applied consistently, and that reasonable  and  prudent  judgements  and  estimates  have  been  made,  in  the  preparation  of  the  financial statements.

The Directors also ensure that Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia have been followed.

The Directors are responsible for keeping proper accounting records, which disclose with reasonable accuracy at any time the financial position of the Group and of the Company and to enable them to ensure that the financial statements comply with the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.

## 10. Relationship with Shareholders and Investors

In addition to various announcements made during the year, the timely release of quarterly interim financial report provides shareholders with a regular overview of the Group's performance and operations.

Shareholders and members of the public can also obtain information on the annual and quarterly reports and the  announcements  made  by  the  Company  by  accessing  Bursa  Securities'  website  and  the  Company's corporate website at www.pmholdings.com.my.

Notice of the Annual General Meeting and the Annual Report are sent to all shareholders. At Annual General Meetings, shareholders have direct access to the Directors and are given the opportunity to ask questions during the question and answer session. This process highlights the check and balance system that is required under Malaysian Law.

Pursuant to Paragraph 8.29A(1) of the Bursa Securities Listing Requirements, the Company is required to ensure that any resolution set out in the notice of general meetings is voted by poll.

Shareholders and other interested parties may contact the Joint Company Secretaries for investor relations matter by writing or via telephone/facsimile as follows:

Postal Address

: 189 Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur

Telephone number

: 03-2145 1366

Facsimile number

: 03-2144 5209

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD - FY30 JUNE 2022

## S TA T E M E N T   O N   R I S K   M A N A G E M E N T   A N D I N T E R N A L   C O N T R O L STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

## Introduction

The Board of Directors ('Board') is pleased to present its Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control ('SORMIC') pursuant to paragraph 15.26(b) of the Main Market Listing Requirement of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad ('Bursa   Securities'). The SORMIC is prepared with reference to the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers. The SORMIC does not include the risk management and internal control practices of the Group's associates.

## Board's Responsibility

The Board is responsible for the Group's system of internal control and risk management and for reviewing the adequacy  and  integrity  of  the  system.  The  system  covers  risks  and  controls  on  financial,  operational,  and compliance/legal aspects. This system is designed to manage, rather than to eliminate, the risks in the pursuit of the Group's business objective as well as to safeguard shareholders' investments and Group's assets. The system serves to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against the risk of material misstatement, loss or fraud.

## Risk Management

The Board confirms that an ongoing process for identifying, measuring and managing the Group's principal risks is in place. This process is carried out via the following risk management governance structure:

- The Board - discharges its responsibilities and duties by ensuring a sound system of risk management and internal control is in place for the Group. The Board has established the Audit Committee to assist them in fulfilling their responsibilities and duties. The Board formulates the Group's business strategies and reviews the Group's performance on a half-yearly basis. Additional meetings may be called as and when the Board deems necessary. The Board also directs appropriate actions as and when significant risks and internal control issues arise.
- The  Audit  Committee  -  on  behalf  of  the  Board,  the  Audit  Committee,  with  the  assistance  of  the  Risk Management Committee and the Group's Internal Audit Department ('GIAD'), establishes a system of risk management and internal control. The Audit Committee, on behalf of the Board, reviews the significant risks and internal controls of the Group's business and activities and highlights significant risks and issues to the Board on a half-yearly basis. The Group Internal Audit Department which reports directly and independently to  the  Audit  Committee  regularly  conducts  audit  on  the  Group's  business  and  activities,  and  reviews  the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's system of risk management and internal control.
- The Risk Management Committee ('RMC') - assists the Audit Committee in establishing risk management framework and process capable of identifying and managing significant risks inherent or developed in the Group's business and activities. The RMC meets with the risk owners to review the risks on a half-yearly basis and presents its reports to the Audit Committee half-yearly. Additional meetings may be called as and when the RMC deems necessary. The RMC comprises the Chief Executive Officer of the MUI Group, the Group Financial Controller and the Head of Operations.

STATEMENT  ON  RISK  MANAGEMENT  AND  INTERNAL  CONTROL

(Cont'd)

## Risk Management Process

Risks  are  reported  and  monitored  at  the  operational  level  using  a  Risk  Register  which  captures  risks,  mitigating measures and risk ratings. Where applicable, Key Risk Indicators ('KRIs') are established to monitor risks. The Risk Register is presented to the RMC for review on a half-yearly basis. The level of risk tolerance is guided by a risk likelihood and impact matrix which enables the risk to be rated and prioritised accordingly.

For risks that are material, the mitigating measures and KRIs are presented to the Management for review on a half-yearly basis. Risks are reviewed and managed at each level of reporting and consolidated for review at the next higher level, before they are escalated for review at Group level.

High  and  new  risk  areas  are  immediately  flagged  and  reported  to  the  Audit  Committee  whose  comments  and advice are noted for the full Board's information.

## Types of Risks

The principal business activities of the Group are operating hotel and investment. There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

The risk exposure faced by the Group during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 can be broadly categorised as follows:

## Financial Risk

The risk of loss arising from:

- Potential impairment of amount owing by an associate
- Cash flow risk

## Operational Risk

The risk of loss arising from:

- Service standards
- Upkeep and maintenance of hotel facilities
- Safety and fire hazards

## Compliance/Legal Risk

The risk of loss arising from:

- Non-compliance with relevant laws relating to corruption
- Non-compliance with statutory/regulatory requirements

## External Risk

The risk of loss arising from:

- Prolonged adverse impact of the Covid-19 pandemic on the businesses of the Group
- Implementation of minimum wages order effective in May 2022
- Domestics and/or global economic slowdown
- Price wars among competitors
- Interest rate fluctuation

## STATEMENT  ON  RISK  MANAGEMENT  AND  INTERNAL  CONTROL (Cont'd) S TA T E M E N T   O N   R I S K   M A N A G E M E N T   A N D I N T E R N A L   C O N T R O L ( C o n t ' d )

## Internal Audit Function

The internal audit function is performed by GIAD of Malayan United Management Sdn Bhd, a company under the MUI Group of Companies, which provides assurance on the efficiency and effectiveness of the Group's internal control system. Further details of the internal audit function are set out in the Report of the Audit Committee in the Annual Report.

## Key Elements of Internal Control

The  key  elements  of  the  Group's  internal  control  system,  that  are  regularly  reviewed  by  the  Board  and  are  in accordance with the Guidelines, are described below:

- Establishment of a control environment in respect of the overall attitude, awareness and actions of Directors and Management regarding the internal control system and its importance to the Group;
- Recruitment of experienced, skilled and professional staff with the necessary  caliber  to fulfill the  respective responsibilities and ensuring that adequate controls are in place;
- Clear Group structure, reporting lines of responsibilities and appropriate levels of delegation;
- Documented policies,  procedures  and  limits  of  approving  authorities  for  key  aspects  of  the  business.  This provides a sound framework of authority and accountability within the organization and facilitates corporate decision making at the appropriate level in the organization's hierarchy;
- Establishment of segregation of duties via independent checks, review and reconciliation activities to prevent human errors, fraud and abuses;
- Quarterly  management  reports  to  the  Board  from  various  lines  of  operations  and  business  units,  on  key business  performance,  operating  statistics  and  regular  matters.  This  allows  for  an  effective  monitoring  of significant variances and deviation from standard operating procedures and budget;
- Group Internal Audit function independently reviews the risk identification procedures and control procedures implemented by Management, and reports to the Audit Committee on a quarterly basis. The Group Internal Audit function assesses the operation and validity of the system of internal control in relation to the level of risk involved using Risk-Based-Auditing methodology;
- The Audit Committee convenes meetings to deliberate on the findings and recommendations for improvement by the Group Internal Audit function, external auditors as well as regulatory authorities. The Audit Committee reviews  the  actions  taken  to  rectify  the  findings  in  a  timely  manner,  and  to  evaluate  the  effectiveness  and adequacy of the Group's internal control systems; and
- The Group's internal control does not apply to associated companies where the Group does not have direct control over their operations.

(Cont'd)

STATEMENT ON RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

## Adequacy and Effectiveness of the Group's Risk Management and Internal Control System

The Board has received assurance from the Chief Executive Officer of the MUI Group, the Group Financial Controller and  the  Head  of  Operations  that  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  is  operating  adequately  and effectively in all material aspects.

The Board is of the view that the risk management and internal control system in place for the financial year under review and up to the date of issuance of the financial statements, is adequate and effective to safeguard the shareholders' investment and the Group's assets. The system of risk management and internal control continues to be subject to enhancement, validation and regular review.

## Review of Statement by External Auditors

As required by paragraph 15.23 of Bursa Securities Listing Requirements, the External Auditors have reviewed this Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control in accordance with Malaysian Approved Standard on Assurance Engagements,  ISAE  3000  (Revised),  Assurance  Engagements  other  than  Audit  or  Reviews  of  Historical  Financial Information and Audit and Assurance Practice Guide 3 ('AAPG 3'), Guidance for Auditors on Engagements to the Report on the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control included in the Annual Report, issued by Malaysian Institute of Accountants.

Based on their review, the External Auditors have reported to the Board that nothing has come to their attention that causes them to believe that the Statement is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the disclosures required by paragraphs 41 and 42 of the Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control: Guidelines for Directors of Listed Issuers to be set out, nor is it factually inaccurate.

AAPG 3 does not require the External Auditors to consider whether the Directors' Statement on Risk Management and Internal Control covers all risks and controls, or to form an opinion on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control system including the assessment and opinion by the Board and Management thereon. The External Auditors are also not required to consider whether the processes described to deal with material internal control aspects of any significant problems disclosed in the Annual Report will, in fact, remedy the problems.

## OTHER INFORMATION PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

OTHER INFORMATION

## 1. Utilisation of Proceeds raised from Corporate Proposal

The Company did not raise funds through any corporate proposal during the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## 2. Audit and Non-Audit Fees

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the amounts of audit and non-audit fees paid/payable by the Company and the Group to the external auditors, Crowe Malaysia PLT, were as follows:

| Group  (RM'000)  Company  (RM'000)  Audit Fees  54  40  Non-Audit Fees  4  4   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3. Material Contracts

There were no material contracts entered into by the Company and its subsidiaries involving Directors' and major shareholders' interests, either still subsisting at the end of the financial year ended 30 June 2022 or entered into since the end of the previous financial year except as disclosed in the financial statements.

## REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee was established on 28 July 1994. The Board shall ensure that the composition of the Audit Committee complies with Bursa Securities Listing Requirements as well as other  regulatory requirements. The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the Company's corporate website.

## 1.   Members

The Audit Committee consists of the following members:

| ## Name  ## Designation  Farizon binti Ibrahim - Chairman Wong Nyen Faat Dr Wong Hong Meng (Retired on 1 October 2022)  Independent Non-Executive Director Non-Independent Non-Executive Director Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2.   Meetings

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, 4 Audit Committee Meetings were held and the records of each member are as follows:

| Name  Attendance  Farizon binti Ibrahim -  Chairman  4 of 4  Wong Nyen Faat  4 of 4  Dr Wong Hong Meng  4 of 4  (Retired on 1 October 2022)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In addition to the Committee members, the Head of Internal Audit and officer in charge of accounts are invited for attendance at each meeting. The respective head of companies/departments and their management team attend when audit reports on their companies/departments are tabled for discussion. The presence of the external auditors will be requested when required.

Upon the request of the external auditors, the Chairman shall convene a meeting of the Audit Committee to consider  any  matter  the  external  auditors  believe  should  be  brought  to  the  attention  of  the  Board  or shareholders.

## 3.   Summary of Work of the Audit Committee During the Financial Year Ended 30 June 2022

The Audit Committee reviewed and deliberated 1 audit report on assignments and 4 audit follow-up reports conducted by the Internal Audit. The Audit Committee also appraised the adequacy and effectiveness of Management's response in resolving the audit issues reported.

In  addition,  the  unaudited  quarterly  interim  financial  reports  and  the  audited  financial  statements  of  the Company  and  the  Group  were  reviewed  by  the  Audit  Committee  prior  to  recommending  the  same  for approval by the Board, upon being satisfied that the financial reporting and disclosure requirements of the relevant authorities had been complied with.

The  Audit  Committee  met  with  the  external  auditors  and  discussed  the  nature  and  scope  of  the  audit, considered  any  significant  changes  in  accounting  and  auditing  issues,  reviewed  audit  issues  and  concerns affecting the financial statements of the Group and discussed applicable accounting and auditing standards that  may  have  a  significant  implication  on  the  Group's  financial  statements.  The  Audit  Committee  also reviewed related party transactions/recurrent related party transactions carried out by the Group.

The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the Internal Audit Plan for the financial year ended 30 June 2022. In its review of the Internal Audit Plan, the Audit Committee reviewed the scope and coverage over the activities of the respective business units of the Group.

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE ( C o n t ' d )

REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE

## 4.   Internal Audit Function

The internal audit function for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 was performed by Group Internal Audit Department of Malayan United Management Sdn Bhd, a company under the MUI Group of companies and is independent of the activities audited. Subsequently, the Group s internal audit function is outsourced to a professional services firm, GovernAce Advisory &amp; Solutions Sdn Bhd, which was tasked with the aim of assisting  the  Audit  Committee  to  discharge  its  duties  and  responsibilities.  The  internal  audit  function  is performed with impartiality, proficiency and due professional care. The Internal Auditors reports directly to and control concerns are being effectively managed.

The  Internal  Auditors  carries  out  audit  assignments  based  on  risk-based  audit  plan  that  is  reviewed  and approved by the Audit Committee. The reports of the audits undertaken are presented to the Audit Committee and forwarded to the management concerned for attention and necessary action.

During the financial year ended 30 June 2022, the Internal Auditors carried out reviews on the scope of sales and  marketing,  housekeeping,  maintenance,  security,  food  &amp;  beverages  management,  finance  department, front office management, and procurement.

Follow-up reviews on previous audit reports are conducted by the Internal Auditors on quarterly basis to ensure appropriate actions are implemented to address the concerns highlighted.

The cost incurred for the internal audit function of the Group for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 was approximately RM15,799.

## PM Holdings MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Management Discussion &amp; Analysis

## Principal Activities

Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad operates two primary businesses - hotel ownership &amp; operations and financial services. Through its fully-owned subsidiary Pengkalen Holiday Resort Sdn. Bhd., it owns and operates the 200-room Corus Paradise  Resort  Hotel  in  Port  Dickson,  Negeri  Sembilan.  The  financial  services  business,  held  via  our  34.84% associated company, Pan Malaysia Capital Berhad, comprises two separate financial operations - the stockbroking business  undertaken  by  PM  Securities  Sdn.  Bhd.  with  a  Universal  Broker  status  and  asset  management  services provided by another subsidiary, PCB Asset Management Sdn. Bhd.

<!-- image -->

## Financial Results

The Group reversed last year's revenue decline with a 30% growth in total revenue to RM4.1 million in this financial year. The revenue growth was contributed by the hotel operations. The Group's gross profit increased 38% from RM1.83 million to RM2.53 million, thus reducing the loss before tax to only RM62,000 from RM348,000 in the previous year.

## Review of Operations

Corus Paradise Resort in Port Dickson continued to experience the economic aftermath of the Covid -19 pandemic with low, albeit improved, occupancy. The hotel also managed to improve its average room rate despite industry challenges, resulting in a 30% growth in revenue. Against the previous year, net loss was brought down by 82%.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ( C o n t ' d )

The Group does not include the financial results in Pan Malaysia Capital Berhad as its share of losses has already exceeded the Group's interest in this associate company.  On the back of weaker market sentiments and lower trading activities on Bursa Securities during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 (FY2022), the revenue of PM Securities Sdn Bhd decreased by 47% from RM32.6 million in the financial year ended 30 June 2021 to RM17.3 million in FY2022, mainly due to lower brokerage earned.

## Risks

Hotels in Port Dickson continue to experience an oversupply of room inventory, further compounded by a huge stock of condominium units competing for rentals. This resort relies largely on weekend visitors from nearby Klang Valley and has not been successful in attracting corporate conferences.

While the recent relaxation of travel restrictions has given the travel industry a much-needed shot in the arm, the global economic outlook in 2023 will be overshadowed by continuing trade disruptions as a result of international geopolitics, rising global inflation, further hikes in global interest rates, and fears of a pending global recession.

The Malaysian economic outlook will similarly face these challenges on top of the shortage of foreign labour on which some industries are dependent as well as the weaker ringgit against the growing U.S. dollar.

## Prospects

Despite global economic challenges, the Malaysian economy is forecast to grow between 4% and 5%. Against this backdrop, the Group expects continuing revenue growth from its hotel operations and its financial services business.

## S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y   R E P O R T

Sustainability Report

Our modern world is increasingly more connected as one integrated whole in which the actions and activities of a government, region, economic bloc, and political league can have either lasting beneficial or harmful effects on the entire planet. This is particularly so in the context of global climate change due to unchecked emissions of greenhouse gases, environmental pollution, continuing ecological degradation, and scarce water resources in many parts of the world.   The  recent  spate  of  news  reporting  record-setting  heat  waves,  freezing  temperatures,  storms,  floods,  and accelerating melting of ice sheets are dire warnings that urgent measures must be taken to protect our fragile planet.

In light of this, our Group has continued to subscribe to the three pillars of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) pillars of corporate sustainability.

## Environmental

## Environmental Management

Corus Paradise Resort aspires to better manage its operational impact on the environment by replacing hand paper towels with hand dryers and recycling old towels and linen to be re-purposed as rugs.  Hotel staff, together with students from UNITAR, have undertaken beach cleaning 'gotong-royong'.  This fun activity with meals was also meant to instill civic consciousness.

## Energy Consumption

The hotel is designed with individual air-conditioning room units.  This ensures that only occupied rooms consume electricity, and energy-saving tags when guests are not in the room.

Furthermore, the room, corridor, and public area lights are gradually being replaced with energy-saving LED bulbs. Public areas of the hotel are not air-conditioned except the restaurant's air-conditioning is switched on only during meal periods.

## Waste Management

We put much effort in place to minimize waste materials that would be generated in the course of our operations. Proper recycling systems are in place to collect non-hazardous recyclables such as cardboard, paper, plastic, and glass.

We also recycle hazardous material wastes such as cooking oil and trapped grease with the relevant safety protocols. Recognizing the importance of environmental protection and the reduction of our carbon footprint, Corus Paradise Resort has encouraged sound environmental practices. The hotel has contracted licensed operators to handle waste management that meets the Department Of Environment (DOE) Environment Quality Regulation Act 2005.

## Social

## Employees First

Our Group ensures that its Human Resources policies and guidelines fully comply with all relevant legislations and that our workplace embraces diversity, inclusion, and equality. In our employment approach, the management has taken the Malaysian-first stance in support of the local community. Corus Paradise Resort also regards its employees as key assets; hence managing talents at all levels is a priority. All employees are given equal opportunity for career advancement and meritocracy is practiced in annual performance assessments for all staff. To create a fair, equitable, and  healthy  workplace  environment,  we  encourage  regular  dialogues  as  well  as  town  hall  meetings  with  top management. We also enforce the Whistle-blower Policy strictly. All serious complaints and allegations of improper employee behaviour are dealt with promptly and fairly.  At the same time, we take steps to exonerate any employee subjected to false accusations openly, while also providing individual guidance and encouragement where necessary. This moral support is provided by leaders at very senior levels.

## S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y   R E P O R T ( C o n t ' d )

Employee benefits such as medical, hospitalisation, dental, and even optical claims have been expanded recently, in response to suggestions made by employees in previous town hall meetings.  Similarly, HR policies have also been relaxed or improved in a number of situations such as annual leave-taking, unpaid leave, medical and hospital visits.

We  are  also  in  full  compliance  with  accepted  standards  of  health  and  safety  in  the  workplace.  We  have  active Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) committees that not only conduct regular site checks but also minute their findings.  These minutes are escalated to senior management at the headquarters for deliberations and follow-up actions. We emphasize the importance of ensuring a clean, safe and healthy working environment. During the Covid-19 pandemic, our Group operates in strict compliance with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) established by the government. As part of our healthy food policy, Corus Paradise Resort also implements a 'No Monosodium  Glutamate  (MSG)  Policy'.  Food  hygiene  training  is  provided  regularly  for  all  food-handling  staff, conducted by an approved company from the Ministry of Health.

## Community

Corus Paradise Resort's Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives undertaken for the year included:

- Providing New Life Centre Orphanage, Port Dickson with food and groceries on 28 June 2022.
- Bubur lambuk and food distribution during the Ramadhan month in Port Dickson town in conjunction with the reopening awareness initiative of the hotel.

## Governance

One of the underlying principles of our business philosophy is fair dealings in our business practices to create longterm recurring values for both stakeholders and shareholders. Ethical engagement with the marketplace is something our Group views seriously. In this regard, Corus PD strives to deliver products and services that meet the criteria of value, safety, quality, and satisfaction for its customers and clients. In line with the resort's philosophy of conducting business dealings with integrity, a 'No Gift Policy' is practised. To ensure transparency in food purchases, all major procurements  are  overseen  by  a  tender  committee.    This  committee  is  also  tasked  to  ensure  that  quality  is  not compromised. Further to this, our Group also has in place the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy.

## GROUP FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FI V E - Y E A R   S U M M A R Y

GROUP FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

| 2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  KEY RESULTS (RM'000)  Revenue  4,104  3,156  6,097  8,110  9,202  Loss before tax  (62)  (348)  (3,469)  (1,281)  (1,290)  Net loss attributable to  owners of the Company  (62)  (348)  (3,442)  (1,313)  (1,305)  OTHER KEY DATA (RM'000)  AND FINANCIAL RATIO  Total assets  51,449  52,359  51,823  54,276  77,965  Total liabilities  21,511  22,359  21,475  19,282  21,424  Share capital  92,887  92,887  92,887  92,887  92,887  Equity attributable to  owners of the Company  29,938  30,000  30,348  34,994  56,541  Total equity  29,938  30,000  30,348  34,994  56,541  Total borrowings  14,511  14,511  14,511  15,279  16,351  Current ratio (times)  4.88  3.75  4.04  6.49  9.06  Gearing ratio (times)  0.48  0.48  0.48  0.44  0.29  SHARE INFORMATION  Basic loss earnings per share (sen)  (0.01)  (0.04)  (0.37)  (0.14)  (0.14)  Net assets per share attributable to owners  of the Company (RM)  0.03  0.03  0.03  0.04  0.06  Year ended 30 June   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## DIRECTORS' REPORT (Incorporated in Malaysia)

DIRECTORS' REPORT

The directors hereby submit their report and the audited financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  principally  engaged  in  the  business  of  investment  holding.  The  principal  activities  of  the subsidiaries are set out in Note 7 to the financial statements. There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the financial year.

## RESULTS

| The Group  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  Loss after taxation for the financial year  (62)  (9,525)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIVIDEND

No dividend was recommended by the directors for the financial year.

## RESERVES AND PROVISIONS

There were no material transfers to or from reserves or provisions during the financial year other than those disclosed in the financial statements.

## ISSUE OF SHARES AND DEBENTURES

During the financial year:

- (a) there were no changes in the issued and paid-up share capital of the Company; and
- (b) there were no issues of debentures by the Company.

## OPTIONS GRANTED OVER UNISSUED SHARES

During the financial year, no options were granted by the Company to any person to take up any unissued shares in the Company.

1

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## BAD AND DOUBTFUL DEBTS

Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were made out, the directors took reasonable steps to ascertain that action had been taken in relation to the writing off of bad debts and the making of allowance for impairment losses on receivables and satisfied themselves that there are no known bad debts and that adequate allowance had been made for impairment losses on receivables.

At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances that would require the writing off of bad debts, or the additional allowance for impairment losses on receivables in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company.

## CURRENT ASSETS

Before the financial statements of the Group and of the Company were made out, the directors took reasonable steps  to  ensure  that  any  current  assets,  which  were  unlikely  to  be  realised  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business, including their value as shown in the accounting records of the Group and of the Company, have been written down to an amount which they might be expected so to realise.

At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances which would render the values attributed to the current assets in the financial statements misleading.

## VALUATION METHODS

At  the  date  of  this  report,  the  directors  are  not  aware  of  any  circumstances  which  have  arisen  which  render adherence to the existing methods of valuation of assets or liabilities of the Group and of the Company misleading or inappropriate.

## CONTINGENT AND OTHER LIABILITIES

At the date of this report, there does not exist:

- (a) any charge on the assets of the Group and of the Company that has arisen since the end of the financial year which secures the liabilities of any other person; or
- (b) any contingent liability of the Group and of the Company which has arisen since the end of the financial year.

No contingent or other liability of the Group and of the Company has become enforceable or is likely to become enforceable within the period of twelve months after the end of the financial year which, in the opinion of the directors, will or may substantially affect the ability of the Group and of the Company to meet their obligations when they fall due.

## CHANGE OF CIRCUMSTANCES

At the date of this report, the directors are not aware of any circumstances not otherwise dealt with in this report or  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company  which  would render  any  amount stated  in the financial statements misleading.

2

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## DIRECTORS' REPORT ( C o n t ' d )

## ITEMS OF AN UNUSUAL NATURE

The results of the operations of the Group and of the Company during the financial year were not, in the opinion of the directors, substantially affected by any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature.

There has not arisen in the interval between the end of the financial year and the date of this report any item, transaction or event of a material and unusual nature likely, in the opinion of the directors, to affect substantially the results of the operations of the Group and of the Company for the financial year in which this report is made.

## DIRECTORS

The names of directors of the Company who served during the financial year and up to the date of this report are as follows:

Farizon Binti Ibrahim Wong Nyen Faat Dr Wong Hong Meng (Retired on 1 October 2022) Chan Choung Yau (Deceased on 21 May 2022)

The names of directors of the Company's subsidiaries who served during the financial year and up to the date of this report, not including those directors mentioned above, are as follows:

Andrew Khoo Boo Yeow Raymond Yeoh Huat Hock Wong Shuk Fuen

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

None of the directors holding office at the end of the financial year had any interest in shares of the Company or its related corporations during the financial year.

## DIRECTORS' BENEFITS

Since the end of the previous financial year, no director has received or become entitled to receive any benefit (other than directors' remuneration as disclosed in the 'Directors' Remuneration' of this report) by reason of a contract made by the Company or a related corporation with the director or with a firm of which the director is a member, or with a company in which the director has a substantial financial interest except for any benefits which may be deemed to arise from transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business with companies in which certain directors have substantial financial interests as disclosed in Note 25(b) to the financial statements.

Neither during nor at the end of the financial year was the Group or the Company a party to any arrangements whose object is to enable the directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

3

## DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

The details of the directors' remuneration paid or payable to the directors of the Company during the financial year are as follows:-

| The Group  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  Fee  55  55  Other benefits  14  14  69  69   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEMNITY AND INSURANCE COST

During the financial year, the total amounts of indemnity coverage and insurance premium paid for the directors and certain officers of the Company were RM75,000,000 and RM40,000 respectively. There was no indemnity given to or professional indemnity insurance effected for the auditors of the Company.

## SUBSIDIARIES

The details of the Company's subsidiaries are disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements.

## SIGNIFICANT  EVENT  DURING  THE  FINANCIAL  YEAR  AND  SUBSEQUENT  TO  THE REPORTING DATE

The significant event during the financial year and subsequent event after the reporting date is disclosed in Note 28 to the financial statements.

## HOLDING COMPANY

The holding company is Malayan United Industries Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## DIRECTORS' REPORT ( C o n t ' d )

## AUDITORS

The auditors, Crowe Malaysia PLT, have expressed their willingness to continue in office.

The details of the auditors' remuneration for the financial year are as follows:-

| The Group  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  Audit fees  54  40  Non-audit fees  4  4  58  44   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 20 October 2022.

## Farizon Binti Ibrahim

## Wong Nyen Faat

5

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

## S TA T E M E N T   B Y   D I R E C T O R S

STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Section 251(2) of the Companies Act 2016 PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(2) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD (Incorporated in Malaysia) We, Farizon Binti Ibrahim and Wong Nyen Faat, being the two directors of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad, state that, in our opinion, the financial statements set out on pages 39 to 96 are drawn up in accordance with  Malaysian  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  and  the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as of 30 June 2022 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the financial year ended on that date.

STATEMENT BY DIRECTORS PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(2) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016 Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 20 October 2022.

We,

Farizon Binti Ibrahim and Wong Nyen Faat, being the two directors of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad, state that, in our opinion, the financial statements set out on pages 39 to 96 are drawn up in accordance

with  Malaysian  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  and  the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia so as to give a true and fair view of the financial

position of the Group and of the Company as of 30 June 2022 and of their financial performance and cash flows for the financial year ended on that date. Farizon Binti Ibrahim

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 20 October 2022.

STATUTORY DECLARATION

PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(1)(b) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

I,  Wong Shuk Fuen, MIA Membership Number: 12985, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial

statements set out on pages 39 to 96 are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, correct and I make this solemn declaration  conscientiously  believing  the  declaration  to  be  true,  and  by  virtue  of  the  Statutory

Farizon Binti Ibrahim

## S TA T U T O R Y   D E C L A R A T I O N Declarations Act 1960.

Subscribed and solemnly declared by the abovementioned

Wong Shuk Fuen, NRIC Number: 691103-10-5610

STATUTORY DECLARATION

Pursuant to Section 251(1)(b) of the Companies Act 2016 PURSUANT TO SECTION 251(1)(b) OF THE COMPANIES ACT 2016

at Kuala Lumpur

- I,  Wong Shuk Fuen, MIA Membership Number: 12985, being the officer primarily responsible for the financial management of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad, do solemnly and sincerely declare that the financial statements set out on pages 39 to 96 are, to the best of my knowledge and belief, correct and I make this solemn declaration  conscientiously  believing  the  declaration  to  be  true,  and  by  virtue  of  the  Statutory Declarations Act 1960. in the Federal Territory on this 20 October 2022

Subscribed and solemnly declared by the abovementioned Wong Shuk Fuen, NRIC Number: 691103-10-5610 at Kuala Lumpur in the Federal Territory on this 20 October 2022 Before me

Ramathilagam A/P T Ramasamy

Commissioner for Oaths

Before me

Ramathilagam A/P T Ramasamy

Commissioner for Oaths

Wong Shuk Fuen

Wong Shuk Fuen

Wong Nyen Faat

Wong Nyen Faat

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF

## I N D E P E N D E N T   A U D I T O R S '   R E P O R T PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD (Incorporated in Malaysia)

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469 - W)

To The Members Of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Opinion

We have audited the financial statements of Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad, which comprise the statements of financial position as at 30 June 2022 of the Group and of the Company, and the statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, statements of changes in equity and statements of cash flows of the Group  and  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  financial  statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 39 to 96.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 30 June 2022, and of their financial performance and their cash flows for the financial year then ended in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements section of our report. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Independence and Other Ethical Responsibilities

We are independent of the Group and of the Company in accordance with the By-Laws ( on Professional Ethics, Conduct and Practice ) of the Malaysian Institute of Accountants ('By-Laws') and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) ('IESBA Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the By-Laws and the IESBA Code.

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD (CONT'D)

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469 - W)

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matter described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our report.

| Recoverability of amount owing by an associate  Refer to Note 10 to the financial statements  Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the Key Audit  Matter  The Group has amount owing by an associate amounting to  approximately RM31.449 million, which represents 96% and  61%  of  the  Group's  current  assets  and  total  assets  respectively.  We  focused  on  this  area  due  to  the  significance  of  the  carrying amount and the inherent judgement involved in the  impairment review process.  ▪  Our procedures in relation to management's  impairment assessment included:-  -  Verifying  to  the  collections  for  the  current year and reviewing its historical  collection trend; and  -  Reviewing  management's  assessment  and basis of estimation on the adequacy  of allowance for impairment losses.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD (CONT'D) I N D E P E N D E N T   A U D I T O R S '   R E P O R T ( C o n t ' d )

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469 - W)

## Information Other than the Financial Statements and Auditors' Report Thereon

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the annual report, but does not include the financial statements of the Group and of the Company and our auditors' report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial statements of the Group and of the Company does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company,  our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Statements

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of financial statements of the Group and of the Company that give a true and fair view in accordance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards, International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia. The directors are also responsible for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the  preparation  of  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  of  the  Company that  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's and the Company's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or the Company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditors' report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with approved standards on auditing in Malaysia and International Standards on Auditing will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

3

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD (CONT'D)

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469 - W)

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Cont'd)

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  approved  standards  on  auditing  in  Malaysia  and  International Standards  on  Auditing,  we  exercise  professional  judgement  and  maintain  professional  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:-

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's and the Company's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's or the Company's ability to continue as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude  that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw attention in our auditors' report to the related disclosures in the financial statements of the Group and of the Company or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group or the Company to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements of the Group and of the Company represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business  activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  financial  statements  of  the Group. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

4

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT TO THE MEMBERS OF PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD (CONT'D) I N D E P E N D E N T   A U D I T O R S '   R E P O R T ( C o n t ' d )

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469 - W)

## Auditors' Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements (Cont'd)

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding  independence,  and  to  communicate  with  them  all  relationships  and  other  matters  that  may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  directors,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the Group and of the Company for the current financial year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in  extremely  rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

In accordance with the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia, we report that the subsidiaries of which we have not acted as auditors, are disclosed in Note 7 to the financial statements.

## OTHER MATTERS

This report is made solely to the members of the Company, as a body, in accordance with Section 266 of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility to any other person for the content of this report.

Crowe Malaysia PLT

201906000005 (LLP0018817-LCA) &amp; AF 1018 Chartered Accountants

Kuala Lumpur

20 October 2022

Ung Voon Huay 03233/09/2024 J Chartered Accountant

## S TA T E M E N T S   O F   F I N A N C I A L   P O S I T I O N PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

As At 30 June 2022

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by  subsidiaries  11  -  -  -  8,817  Amount owing by related  companies  12  -  -  -  -  Current tax assets  32  25  -  -  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,711  32,784  31,518  40,617  TOTAL ASSETS  51,449  52,359  31,518  40,617  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  Share capital  13  92,887  92,887  92,887  92,887  Accumulated losses  (62,949)  (62,887)  (63,403)  (53,878)  TOTAL EQUITY  29,938  30,000  29,484  39,009  PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  (Incorporated in Malaysia)  STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by  subsidiaries  11  -  -  -  8,817  Amount owing by related  companies  12  -  -  -  -  Current tax assets  32  25  -  -  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,711  32,784  31,518  40,617  TOTAL ASSETS  51,449  52,359  31,518  40,617  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity attributable to owners   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

of the Company

Share capital

Accumulated losses

TOTAL EQUITY

92,887

(62,949)

29,938

92,887

(62,887)

30,000

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

13

92,887

(63,403)

29,484

92,887

(53,878)

39,009

12

12

## PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W) S TA T E M E N T S   O F   F I N A N C I A L   P O S I T I O N ( C o n t ' d )

(Incorporated in Malaysia)

STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022 (CONTINUED)

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Term loan  14  14,511  13,331  -  -  Deferred tax liability  15  294  294  -  -  14,805  13,625  -  -  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  16  5,158  6,475  783  787  Amount owing to holding  company and related  companies  12  1,548  1,079  1,251  821  Term loan  14  -  1,180  -  -  6,706  8,734  2,034  1,608  TOTAL LIABILITIES  21,511  22,359  2,034  1,608  TOTAL EQUITY AND  LIABILITIES  51,449  52,359  31,518  40,617  PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  (Incorporated in Malaysia)  STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

subsidiaries

Amount owing by related companies

Current tax assets

Cash and bank balances

TOTAL ASSETS

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

Share capital

Accumulated losses

TOTAL EQUITY

-

-

32

267

32,711

51,449

92,887

(62,949)

29,938

-

-

25

197

32,784

52,359

92,887

(62,887)

30,000

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

11

12

13

-

-

-

56

31,518

31,518

92,887

(63,403)

29,484

8,817

-

-

30

40,617

40,617

92,887

(53,878)

39,009

13

12

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## S TA T E M E N T S   O F   P R O F I T   O R   L O S S   A N D   O T H E R COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Incorporated in Malaysia) STATEMENTS OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

For The Financial Year Ended 30 June 2022

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Revenue  17  4,104  3,156  24  24  Cost of services  (1,579)  (1,330)  -  -  Gross profit  2,525  1,826  24  24  Other operating income  1,801  143  10  80  4,326  1,969  34  104  Administrative expenses  (3,766)  (3,444)  (400)  (520)  Finance costs  (814)  (839)  -  -  Impairment reversal/(losses) on  financial assets  18  192  1,966  (9,159)  1,883  Profit/(Loss) before taxation  19  (62)  (348)  (9,525)  1,467  Income tax expenses  20  -  -  -  -  Profit/(Loss) after taxation  /Total comprehensive  income/(expenses) for the  financial year attributable to  owners of the Company  (62)  (348)  (9,525)  1,467  Loss per share (sen)  21  -  Basic  (0.01)  (0.04)  -  Diluted  (0.01)  (0.04)  PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  (Incorporated in Malaysia)  STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by  subsidiaries  11  -  -  -  8,817  Amount owing by related  companies  12  -  -  -  -  Current tax assets  32  25  -  -  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,711  32,784  31,518  40,617  TOTAL ASSETS  51,449  52,359  31,518  40,617   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

Share capital

Accumulated losses

TOTAL EQUITY

92,887

(62,949)

29,938

92,887

(62,887)

30,000

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

13

92,887

(63,403)

29,484

92,887

(53,878)

39,009

12

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## (Incorporated in Malaysia) S TA T E M E N T S   O F   C H A N G E S   I N   E Q U I T Y

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

For The Financial Year Ended 30 June 2022

| Share  Accumulated  Total  capital  losses  equity  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  The Group  Balance at 1.7.2020  92,887  (62,539)  30,348  Loss after taxation/Total comprehensive  expenses for the financial year  -  (348)  (348)  Balance at 30.6.2021/1.7.2021  92,887  (62,887)  30,000  Loss after taxation/Total comprehensive  expenses for the financial year  -  (62)  (62)  Balance at 30.6.2022  92,887  (62,949)  29,938  Share  Accumulated  Total  capital  losses  equity  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  The Company  Balance at 1.7.2020  92,887  (55,345)  37,542  Profit after taxation/Total comprehensive  income for the financial year  -  1,467  1,467  Balance at 30.6.2021/1.7.2021  92,887  (53,878)  39,009  Loss after taxation/Total comprehensive  expenses for the financial year  -  (9,525)  (9,525)  Balance at 30.6.2022  92,887  (63,403)  29,484  PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  (Incorporated in Malaysia)  STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by  subsidiaries  11  -  -  -  8,817  Amount owing by related  companies  12  -  -  -  -  Current tax assets  32  25  -  -  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,711  32,784  31,518  40,617   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

TOTAL ASSETS

EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

Share capital

Accumulated losses

TOTAL EQUITY

51,449

92,887

(62,949)

29,938

52,359

31,518

92,887

(62,887)

30,000

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

92,887

(63,403)

29,484

40,617

92,887

(53,878)

39,009

15

12

13

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## S TA T E M E N T S   O F   C A S H   F L O W S (Incorporated in Malaysia)

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

For The Financial Year Ended 30 June 2022

| PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  (Incorporated in Malaysia)  STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by  subsidiaries  11  -  -  -  8,817  Amount owing by related  companies  12  -  -  -  -  Current tax assets  32  25  -  -  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,711  32,784  31,518  40,617  TOTAL ASSETS  51,449  52,359  31,518  40,617  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity attributable to owners  of the Company  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  CASH FLOWS FROM/(FOR)  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Profit/(Loss) before taxation  (62)  (348)  (9,525)  1,467  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  1,000  1,013  -  -  Depreciation of right-of-use asset  88  88  -  -  Impairment losses:  - amount owing by subsidiaries  -  -  9,351  39  - trade receivables  -  37  -  -  Interest expense on term loan  814  839  -  -  Provision for service charges  -  166  -  -  Gain on disposal of property, plant and  equipment  -  (1)  -  -  Reversal of impairment losses:  - amount owing by subsidiaries  -  -  -  (197)  - amount owing by an associate  (192)  (1,725)  (192)  (1,725)  )  - trade and other receivables  -  (278)  -  -  Reversal of provision for services charge  (1,738)  -  -  -  Operating loss before working  capital changes  (90)  (209)  (366)  (416)  (Increase)/Decrease in inventories  (18)  16  -  -  (Increase)/Decrease in trade and other  receivables  (149)  412  (9)  86  Increase in trade and other  payables  346  305  211  896  Cash from/(for) operations  89  524  (164)  566  Income tax paid  (7)  (7)  -  -  NET CASH FROM/(FOR)  OPERATING ACTIVITIES  82  517  (164)  566   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Share capital

Accumulated losses

TOTAL EQUITY

92,887

(62,949)

29,938

92,887

(62,887)

30,000

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

.

13

92,887

(63,403)

29,484

92,887

(53,878)

39,009

12

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W) (Incorporated in Malaysia) S TA T E M E N T S   O F   C A S H   F L O W S ( C o n t ' d )

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022 (CONTINUED)

| PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD  (Incorporated in Malaysia)  STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  5  14,680  15,429  -  -  Right-of-use asset  6  4,058  4,146  -  -  Investments in subsidiaries  7  -  -  -  -  Investment in an associate  8  -  -  -  -  18,738  19,575  -  -  Current assets  Inventories  9  68  50  -  -  Trade and other receivables  10  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770  Amount owing by  subsidiaries  11  -  -  -  8,817  Amount owing by related  companies  12  -  -  -  -  Current tax assets  32  25  -  -  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,711  32,784  31,518  40,617  TOTAL ASSETS  51,449  52,359  31,518  40,617  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  Note  RM'0  RM'0  RM'0  RM'0  CASH FLOWS FROM/(FOR)  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Repayment from subsidiaries  -  -  48  197  Repayment from an associate  509  -  509  -  Advances to subsidiaries  -  -  (582)  (1,000)  Advances to an associate  -  (50)  -  (50)  Proceeds from disposal of property,  plant and equipment  -  1  -  -  Purchase of property, plant and  equipment  22(a)  (251)  (39)  -  -  NET CASH FROM/(FOR)  INVESTING ACTIVITIES  258  (88)  (25)  (853)  CASH FLOWS  FROM/(FOR)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Advances from holding company  215  250  215  250  Interest paid  22(b)  (485)  (676)  -  -  NET CASH FROM  /(FOR)  FINANCING ACTIVITIES  (270)  (426)  215  250  NET INCREASE/(DECREASE)  IN CASH AND CASH  EQUIVALENTS  70  3  26  (37)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  AT  AT BEGINNING OF THE  FINANCIAL  FINANCIAL YEAR  197  194  30  67  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  AT  AT END OF THE FINANCIAL  YEAR  267  197  56  30   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Equity attributable to owners of the Company

Share capital

Accumulated losses

TOTAL EQUITY

7he aFFoPpanying notes IorP an

92,887

(62,949)

29,938

92,887

(62,887)

30,000

integral part oI these IinanFial statePentsGLYPH&lt;c=17,font=/AORTRG+Garamond&gt;

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

13

92,887

(63,403)

29,484

92,887

(53,878)

39,009

12

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

## (Incorporated in Malaysia) NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

## 1. CORPORATE INFORMATION

Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad ('the Company') is a public limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Malaysia and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.

The registered office and the principal place of business of the Company are located at 189, Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur.

The holding company is Malayan United Industries Berhad, a company incorporated in Malaysia and listed on the Main Market of Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad.

The consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries and the Group's investment in an associate. The financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia ('RM'), which is also the Company's functional currency. All financial information presented in RM has been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors in accordance with a resolution of the directors dated 20 October 2022.

## 2. PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is principally engaged in the business of investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 7 to the financial statements. There have been no significant changes in the nature of these activities during the financial year.

## 3. BASIS OF PREPARATION

The financial statements of the Group are prepared under the historical cost convention and modified to include other bases of valuation as disclosed in other sections under significant accounting policies, and in compliance with Malaysian Financial Reporting Standards ('MFRSs'), International Financial Reporting Standards and the requirements of the Companies Act 2016 in Malaysia.

- 3.1 During  the  current  financial  year,  the  Group  has  adopted  the  following  new  accounting standards and/or interpretations (including the consequential amendments, if any):

## MFRSs and/or IC Interpretations (Including The Consequential Amendments)

Amendment to MFRS 16: Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

Amendments to MFRS 9, MFRS 139, MFRS 7, MFRS 4 and MFRS 16: Interest Rate Benchmark Reform - Phase 2

The  adoption  of  the  above  accounting  standards  and/or  interpretations  (including  the consequential amendments, if any) did not have any material impact on the Group's financial statements.

For The Financial Year Ended 30 June 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

.

3

## BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

- 3.2 The  Group  has  not  applied  in  advance  the  following  accounting  standards  and/or interpretations (including the consequential amendments, if any) that have been issued by the Malaysian  Accounting  Standards  Board  (MASB)  but  are  not  yet  effective  for  the  current financial year:

| MFRSs and/or IC Interpaios (Includig The  Consequtial  Amendts)  Efectiv Date  MFRS 17: Insurance Contracts  1 January 203  Amendments to MFRS 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework  1 January 20  Amendments to MFRS 10 and MFRS  128: Sale or Contribution of  Assets between an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture  Deferred  Amendments to MFRS 17: Insurance Contracts  1 January 203  Amendment to MFRS 17: Initial Application of MFRS 17 and MFRS  9 - Comparative Information  1 January 203  Amendment to MFRS 101: Classification of Liabilities as Current or  Non-current  1 January 203  Amendments to MFRS 101: Disclosure of Accounting Policies  1 January 203  Amendments to MFRS 108: Definition of Accounting  Estimates  1 January 203  Amendments to MFRS 112:  Deferred Tax related to Assets and  Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 203  Amendments to MFRS 116: Property, Plant and Equipment  -  Proceeds before Intended Use  1 January 20  Amendments to MFRS 137: Onerous Contracts  - Cost of Fulfilling a  Contract  1 January 20  Annual Improvements to MFRS Standards 2018  - 20  1 January 20   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  adoption  of  the  above  accounting  standards  and/or  interpretations  (including  the consequential  amendments,  if  any)  is  expected  to  have  no  material  impact  on  the  financial statements of the Group upon their initial application.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## 4.1 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

The outbreak of the COVID-19 has brought unprecedented challenges and added economic uncertainties  in  Malaysia  and  markets  in  which  the  Group  operates.  While  the Group  has considered the potential financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in the preparation of these  financial  statements,  the  full  financial  impact  to  the  Group  remains  uncertain. Accordingly, there is a possibility that factors not currently anticipated by management could occur in the future and therefore affect the recognition and measurement of the Group's assets and liabilities at the reporting date.

## Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty

Management believes that there are no key assumptions made concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the reporting date, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year other than as discussed below:

## (a) Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment

The estimates for the residual values, useful lives and related depreciation charges for the property,  plant  and  equipment  are  based  on  commercial  factors  which  could  change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitors' actions in response to the market conditions. The Group anticipates that the residual values of its property, plant and equipment  will  be  insignificant.  As  a  result,  residual  values  are  not  being  taken  into consideration for the computation of the depreciable amount. Changes in the expected level of usage and technological development could impact the economic useful lives and the residual values of these assets, therefore future depreciation charges could be revised. The carrying amount of property, plant and equipment as at the reporting date is disclosed in Note 5 to the financial statements.

## (b) Impairment of Property, Plant and Equipment and Right-of-use Asset

The Group determines whether its property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset is impaired by evaluating the extent to which the recoverable amount of the asset is less than its  carrying  amount. This evaluation is subject to changes such as market performance, economic and political situation of the country. The carrying amounts of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use asset as at the reporting date are disclosed in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements respectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

1

.

4

## CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty (Cont ued)

## c) Impairment of Trade Receivables

a

o

r

p

a

s

o

l

The  Group  use  the  simplif e d c h  to  e st i m a t e  a  li fe t i m e  exp c d  cr d i t al o w a nce fo r al  tra de   re c i v a b l e s.  The Group devlops the expcted los rate s ba sed  o n  the  pay m ent s of pa st  sale s ( inc l u d i n g  chang e s   i n   th e   c u st o m e r  pa y m e n t  pro fi l e  in re sp on se   to   t h e COVID-19  pandemic) and  the n d i n g   histo ric a l c re dit   lose s, an d  adjust for i v e  and  qua n t i v e  re so and  su p o r t a b l e for w a r d -lok ing   i n fo r m a If the o n  is dife r nt f ro m  the   e s ti m a t i o n ,   s u c h   d i f e  wil  impa c t the   c a r y i n g   v a l u e of   trade re c ivab le s. The  carying  amount o f trade re c iv able s  as  at  the p o rt ing   date is disclosed in Note 1 to the  fi na c i a l   st a

.

s

t

m

e

0

## d) Impairment of Non - Trade Receivables

l

i

a

b

o

r

p

(

The los alowances  fo r  no -tra de   fi na c i a l  ase ts   a re   ba s e d o n  asu m p t i on s  about   ri sk   of d e fault ty  of defa ul t ) a n d  exp c t e d los f  a defa ul t ha p e n s   ( l o s   g i v e n  de fa u .  It a l s o requ i r e s the  Group to ases whe th er th er  i s a sig ni f c a nt inc re a e  i n c re d i t ri sk  o f the -tra de  fi na c ase t  at  t h e  r e po r t i n g  d a t e The Group use judgemnt in making thes n s and  se l c t i n g  aprop ri a t  input s t o  the   impai rme n t u l a t io n, based   o n  t he past p a y ment ds, i s t ing m a rket i t ons -loki ng r m a tion ra ting the impact  of  COVID -19 d e m ic. The r ying m o unts of ot her s,  amou n t  owin g su b i d t  owi n g by   an   a s o c i a te  an d m o u n t owi n g by  rela te d  compa n i e s as  at  the  re po rt ing   da te are   di sc l o se d in  Notes 1 , 1 , and 1 to the sta e m re s p e c .

e

l

b

r

e

c

i

v

a

b

y

a

r

i

e

s

,

a

m

o

u

n

l

f

i

n

a

c

i

a

t

s

## e) Income Taxes

a

d

e

t

r

m

i

a

t

s

r

e

d

n

u

Ther are  certain   tra n sa c ti on s n d  compu t a i o n s  for  w hic h  the   ul ti ma te   ta x n a t ion may be di f e r n t from the in tia l  e st i m a te. The Group recognise tax liabil tie s ba se d on it s n d i ng  of the prevail n g  tax la ws  an d e st i ma t e s of whet he r  su c h  ta x e s  w i l  be due in th e  ordi n a ry  cour se   o f  bu si n e s . Wher the final outcome  of  the s   ma t er s  i s  d i e r n t from the   amoun t s tha t  wer n t i a l y   reco gni se d,  such d i f e r nce  wil i mpact  the i ncome  tax n se  and de f r e d  ta x  ba l nc e s  in the  pe rio d in  whic h s uc h de t r mi n a t i o n   i s m a d e .  T he c a r y ing   amount of   curen t tax  asets as  at the   report ing date  is RM32 ,0  ( -RM25

.

)

0

,

Critical Judgements Made In Applying Accounting Policies

Mangemnt  believ s  tha t  th er   a re   no   i ns ta n c e s   of ap lic a t i on of  crit c a l   ju d g e mnt in  ap lyin g the Group's accounting policies which will have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in t h e  fina c l  sta e m t s othe r  tha n  a s d  belo w : -

a

i

## (a) Lease Terms

i

n

s

a

l

e

n

a

c

Some lease   c on ta i n   e x t opti o n s ex rc i sa ble  by  the  Group  be fore  t he  en d  o f  t he   no -b l e  con t ra t  peri od .  In detrmin g the   lea se   te rm ,   ma n g e m n t  con si d e rs al facts a n d  circ u m s t a n c e s  inc lu d ng  the   pa st p ra c ti c e  and   any   co s t  tha t  w i l   be   inc u r e d   t o  c ha n g e the  ase t i f an  opti on t o exte nd i s not  take n. An extension  optio n  i s  onl y i nc l ude  in  the te rm  i f t he   le a s e  i s  re a so n a b l y cer ta i n  to be exte nde  ( or  no t  te rmi n a t e

1

2

e

s

o

l

c

s

i

d

(

(

(

o

i

i

t

o

a

e

a

t

p

l

t

p

m

r

i

c

i

s

l

f

u

o

o

p

p

a

a

c

x

s

x

u

n

e

r

o

p

q

e

n

a

i

e

l

i

t

a

e

l

b

n

c

n

e

r

r

t

e

i

l

a

c

l

a

i

.

)

d

.

e

r

o

p

s

e

r

o

c

y

l

e

v

i

t

x

e

d

n

o

c

d

n

a

n

a

p

i

)

t

l

a

c

d

r

a

w

r

o

f

a

.

n

i

t

c

0

1

a

f

o

f

n

i

2

1

0

2

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.2 BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries made up to the end of the reporting period.

Subsidiaries are entities (including structured entities, if any) controlled by the Group. The Group controls  an  entity  when  the  Group  is  exposed  to,  or  has  rights  to,  variable  returns  from  its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Potential voting rights are considered when assessing control only when such rights are substantive. The Group also considers it has de facto power over an investee when, despite not having the majority of voting rights, it has the current ability to direct the activities of the investee that significantly affect the investee's return.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group up to the effective date on which control ceases, as appropriate.

Intragroup  transactions,  balances,  income  and  expenses  are  eliminated  on  consolidation. Intragroup  losses  may  indicate  an  impairment  that  requires  recognition  in  the  consolidated financial  statements.  Where  necessary,  adjustments  are  made  to  the  financial  statements  of subsidiaries to ensure consistency of accounting policies with those of the Group.

## (a) Business Combinations

Acquisitions  of  businesses  are  accounted  for  using  the  acquisition  method.  Under  the acquisition method, the consideration transferred for acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair value of the assets transferred, liabilities incurred and the equity interests issued by the Group at the acquisition date. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of  any  asset  or  liability  resulting  from  a  contingent  consideration  arrangement. Acquisition-related  costs,  other  than  the  costs  to  issue  debt  or  equity  securities,  are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

In  a  business  combination  achieved  in  stages,  previously  held  equity  interests  in  the acquiree are remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date and any corresponding gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

Non-controlling interests in the acquiree may be initially measured either at fair value or at the non-controlling interests' proportionate share of the fair value of the acquiree's identifiable net assets at the date of acquisition. The choice of measurement basis is made on a transaction-by-transaction basis.

## (b) Non-controlling Interests

Non-controlling  interests  are  presented  within  equity  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position, separately from the equity attributable to owners of the Company. Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of  the  Company  and  to  the  non-controlling  interests.  Total  comprehensive  income  is attributed to non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.

## (c) Changes in Ownership Interests in Subsidiaries Without Change of Control

All changes in the parent's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions. Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interest is adjusted and the fair value of consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity of the Group.

22

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

2

.

4

## BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION (CONTINUED)

## (d) Loss of Control

Upon  the los  of contrl  of a  subidary, the  Group  recognis any gain  or los  on dispoal in profit or los whic is caluted as the difernc betwn:

(

i

)

- the agret  of  the  fair  value  of  the  considerat  recivd  and  the  fair  value  of any retaind inter s in the forme subidary; and
- the previous  c arying amount  of  the  aset  (includg  godwil), and liabte s  of the forme subidary and any no -contrlig inter s.

m

(

i

)

Amounts  previously  recognisd in other  comprehn siv income in  relation  to the forme subidary  are  acounted for  in  the  same aner  as  would be  requid if  the  relvant aset or  liabtes wer dispoe of (i.e  reclasi fd to profit or los  or  transfed di rectly to retaind  profits).  The  fair  value  of  any  investm  retaind  in  the  forme  subidary at  the  date when  contr l  is  lost is  regad as  the  fair value  on  intal recognit  for subeqnt acountig  unde r MFRS 9 or, when  aplicbe, the cost  on  intal  recognit of an investm in an asocite or a joint ventur .

## FUNCTIONAL AND FOREIGN CURRENCIES

## (a) Functional and Presentation Currency

a

c

a

m

f

i

The indiv dual l  sta e ts of  eac h e n ti y in  the Group  are  pre s n te d n  the   c u r e ncy o f  the prima ry  e c o n envi ro n m t  in whic  t he  en ti y  ope ra te s,  w h i c h  i s  t h e func t i o nal e ncy.

c

u

r

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Ringgit Malaysia ('RM'), which is the Company's functional and presentation currency and has been rounded to the nearest d ,  unle s   ot h e r s e  sta e d .

t

h

o

u

s

a

n

w

i

## (b) Foreign Currency Transactions and Balances

Transctio  in  foreign  cure nis are  convertd into the  respctiv functioal cureni s on intal recognit, using the exchang rates at the transcio dates. Monetary aset and liabtes  at  the  end  of  the  repoting  period  a re  transl ed  at the rates ruling  as  of  tha date. Non -moneta ry aset and liabtes are transled using exchang rates tha exist d when the  values  wer  detrmin. Al exchang  diferncs  are  recognisd in profit  or

l

o

s

.

## (c) Foreign Operations

Assets and liabilities  of  foreign  operations  are  translated  to  the Group's  presentation cureny at the exchang rates at the end of the repoting period. Income, expns and other comprehnsiv income of  foreign  operati ns are transled at exchang  rate s at the dates  of the  transcio. Al  exchang diferncs  arisng from  translio are  taken directly  to other  compreh nsiv income  and acumlted  in equity;  atribued to  the owners of the Company and no -contrlig inter s, as aproite.

Godwil  and  fair  value  adjustmen arisng from  the  acquiston of foreign ope ratins are  tread as  aset and  liabtes of  the foreign  operatins and  are recod  in the functioal cureny of the foreign operatins and transl ed at the closing  rate at the end of the repoting period.

3

2

3

.

4

c

i

m

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.3 FUNCTIONAL AND FOREIGN CURRENCIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Foreign Operations (Continued)

On the disposal of a foreign operation (i.e. a disposal of the Group's entire interest in a foreign subsidiary, or a partial disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes  a  foreign  operation,  or  a  partial  disposal  of  an  interest  in  an  associate  that includes a foreign operation of which the retained interest becomes a financial asset), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in respect of that foreign operation attributable to the owners of the Company are reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. The portion related to non-controlling interests is derecognised but is not reclassified to profit or loss.

In addition, in relation to a partial disposal of a subsidiary that does not result in the Group  losing  control  over  the  subsidiary,  the  proportionate  share  of  accumulated exchange differences are reattributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised in profit or loss. When the Group disposes of only part of its investment in an associate that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant influence, the proportionate share of the accumulative exchange differences is reclassified to profit or loss.

In the consolidated financial statements, when settlement of an intragroup loan is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, the exchange differences arising from translating such monetary item are considered to form part of a net investment in the foreign operation and are recognised in other comprehensive income.

## 4.4 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised in the statements of financial position when the Group has become a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial instruments are classified as financial assets, financial liabilities or equity instruments in accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangement and their definitions in MFRS 132. Interest, dividends, gains and losses relating to a financial instrument classified as a liability are reported as an expense or income. Distributions to holders of financial instruments classified as equity are charged directly to equity.

Financial  instruments  are  offset  when  the  Group  has  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  offset  and intends to settle either on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

A  financial  instrument  is  recognised  initially  at  its  fair  value  (other  than  trade  receivables without significant financing component which are measured at transaction price as defined in MFRS 15 - Revenue from Contracts with Customers at inception). Transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial instrument (other than a financial instrument at fair value through profit or loss) are added to/deducted from the fair value on initial recognition, as appropriate. Transaction costs on the financial instrument at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Financial  instruments  recognised  in  the  statements  of  financial  position  are  disclosed  in  the individual policy statement associated with each item.

## (a) Financial Assets

All  recognised  financial  assets  are  measured  subsequently  in  their  entirety  at  either amortised cost or fair value (through profit or loss, or other comprehensive income), depending on the classification of the financial assets.

24

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

.

4

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (a) Financial  Assets (Continued)

Debt Instruments

(

i

)

- Amortised Cost

The finacl  aset  is  held  for  coletin of contraul cash flows  wher those cash flows  repsnt soley  payments of  princal and  inters. Inters income  is recognisd by aplying  the  efctiv  inters  rate  to  the  gros  carying  amount  of the finacl  aset.  When  the  aset  has  subeqntly  becom  credit -impared,   the inters income is recognisd by aplying the efctiv inters rate to the amortised cost of the finac l aset.

a

The efctiv  inters  method  is  a  method  of  caluting  the  amortised  cost  of a finacl  aset and  of alocting  inters income  over the  relvant period.  The efctiv  inters rate  is the  rate tha  discount estimad  futre sh  recipts (includg  al  fes and  points paid  or  recivd tha  form an  integral part  of  the efctiv inters rate, transcio cost and other premius or discount), excluding expctd  credit  lose,  throug  the  expctd  life  of  the  finacl  aset  or a shorte period (wher aproite).

c

- Fair Value throug Other Comprehnsiv Income

d

The finacl  aset  is  held  for  both  coleting  contraul cash flows  and  seling  the financial asset, where the asset's cash flows represent solely payments of pr incpal and inters. Movemnts in the carying amount are taken throug other comprehnsiv income  and  acumlted  in the  fair  value  resv,  excpt  for the recognit of  imparent, i nters income  and foreign exchang difernc whic are  recognisd rectly  in  profit or  los. Inters income  is  caluted using  the efctiv inters rate method.

i

- Fair Value throug Profit or Los

(

i

)

Al other  finacl  aset  tha do not  met  the  critea  for amortised cost  or  fair value  throug other comprehnsiv  income are  measurd at  fair value  throug profit or los.

The  Group r e c l a s if e s  debt i n s tr ume nts  when a nd  only when  its b u si nes   model for tho se  a s e t s   c h a

m

a

n

g

i

n

g

n

g

e

.

## Equity Instruments

Al  equity investm  are subeq ntly  measurd at  fair value  with gains  and lose recognisd in  profit or los  excpt wher the  Group  has  elctd  to  presnt the subeq nt changes in fair  value  in  other  comprehnsiv   income  and  acumlted  in  the  fair  value resv at intal rec

o

g

n

i

t

.

The designato  at  fair  value throug other  comprehnsiv income is  not  permitd  if the equity investm is eithr held for trading or is designat to elimnat or signfcatly  reduc a  measurnt or  recognit incostey  tha  would erwis

e

h

o

t

r

.

i

s

(

i

)

a

5

2

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.4 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (a) Financial Assets (Continued)

Equity Instruments (Continued)

Dividend income from this category of financial assets is recognised in profit or loss when the Group's right to receive payment is established unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the equity investments.

## (b) Financial Liabilities

- (i) Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

Fair value through profit or loss category comprises financial liabilities that are either held for trading or are designated to eliminate or significantly reduce a measurement or recognition inconsistency that would otherwise arise. The changes in fair value of these financial liabilities are recognised in profit or loss.

- (ii) Other Financial Liabilities

Other  financial  liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the effective interest method.

The effective  interest  method  is  a  method  of  calculating  the  amortised  cost  of  a financial  liability  and  of  allocating  interest  expense  over  the  relevant  period.  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments (including  all  fees  and  points  paid  or  received  that  form  an  integral  part  of  the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or discounts), through the expected life of the financial liability or a shorter period (where appropriate).

## (c) Equity Instruments

Equity instruments classified as equity are measured initially at cost and are not remeasured subsequently.

Ordinary shares are classified as equity and recorded at the proceeds received, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

Dividends on ordinary shares are recognised as liabilities when approved for appropriation.

## (d) Derecognition

A financial asset or part of it is derecognised when, and only when, the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another entity. On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss. In addition, on derecognition of a debt instrument classified as fair value through other comprehensive income, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated  in  the  fair  value  reserve  is  reclassified  from  equity  to  profit  or  loss.  In contrast, there is no subsequent reclassification of the fair value reserve to profit or loss following the derecognition of an equity investment.

26

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

.

4

## FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## (d) Derecognition  (Continued)

A finacl  liabty  or  a  part  of  it  is  dercognis  when,  and  only  when,  the  obligatn specifd  in  the contra  is  discharge or  caneld  or  expirs. On dercognit  of  a finacl  liabty, the  difernc betwn  the carying  amount of  the finacl  liabty extingushd or  transfed to another party and  the  considerat paid, includg any -cash aset transfed or liabtes asumed, is reco gnised in profit or los.

n

o

## INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

Investm in  subidare are  staed at  cost in  the staemn  of finacl  positn of the Company,  and are  reviwd for  imparent at  the end  of  the rep oting  period if  evnts or changes in cir cumstane indcate  tha  the  carying  values  may  not  be  recovabl.  The  cost  of the investm includes tra nscio co st.

On the  dispoal  of  the  investm in  subidare, the  difernc betwn  the  net dispoal proceds and the carying amount of the investm is recognisd in profit or los .

## INVESTMENT S IN ASSOCIATES

An asocite is an entiy in whic the Group and the Company have a long -term equity  inter s and wher it exrcis signfcat influec over the finacl and operating police s.

m

e

Invest me n t s  in as oc i a t e s are sta e d  a t c o st  i n  t he   sta n t  of fina c i a l posi t on of the Company, and  are revi wed  for i mpai rment  at the  end of  the r e po rting  year if  evnts o r  change s in tha t   th e   c a r val u e s  may  no t  be   r e c o v e The cost of the  investme n s  tra n sa c cos .

s

i

i

n

c

l

u

d

s

t

a

n

c

e

s  nd a e

e

t

o

The investm nt in an asocite acounted  for  in  the  conslidate   finacl  staem n  using the equity method based on the finacl staemn of the asocite made up to 30 June . The Group 's  share of  the post  acquiston profits  and other  comprehnsiv income  of the asocite is include  in  the  conslidate staemn of profit  or  los  and  other  comprehnsiv income, after adjustmen if any, to align the acountig polices with those  of the Group, from the  date tha  signfcat influec  comens up  to  the efctiv  date on  whic h  signfcat influec ceas or when the investm  is  clasifed  as  held  for  sale. The Group 's investm in the asocite is caried in  the  conslidate staemn of  finacl positn at  cost  plus  the Group's share of the post -acquiston pro fits  and resv.  The  cost  of  investm includes transcio cost.

r

e

t

a

i

n

d

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in an associate, the carrying amount of tha inters is reduc to zero, and the recognit of furthe lose is discontue exc ept to the extn tha the Group has an obligatn.

Unrealisd  gains  on  transcio betwn the Group and  the  asocite are elimnat d  to the extn  of  the Group 's  inters in  the asocite.  Unrealisd  lose are  elimnatd unles  cost canot be recov

d

.

When the  Group  ceas  to  have  signfcat  influec over an  asocite and the  retaind inters in  the  forme asocite  is  a  finacl aset,  the  Group  measur  the  retaind inters  at  fair value at tha date  and  the fair  value  is  regad  as  the  int ial carying  amount  of  the  finacl aset in  acordne  with MFRS 9. Furthemo, the  Group  also  reclasif  its  share  of  the gain or los previously  recog nisd  in  other  comprehnsiv   income  of tha asocite  into  profi t or los when the equity method is discontue.

5

6

.

.

4

4

m

u

r

i

c

g

n

i

y

.

e

l

b

a

r

0

2

7

2

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.7 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

All  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  initially  measured  at  cost.  Cost  includes expenditure that are directly attributable to the acquisitions of the asset and other costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

Subsequent to initial recognition, all property, plant and equipment, other than freehold land and buildings, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.

Subsequent costs are included in the asset's carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as  appropriate,  only  when  the  cost  is  incurred  and  it  is  probable  that  the  future  economic benefits  associated  with  the  asset  will  flow  to  the  Group  and  the  cost  of  the  asset  can  be measured reliably. The carrying amount of parts that are replaced is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Freehold  land  is  not  depreciated.  Depreciation  on  other  property,  plant  and  equipment  is charged to profit or loss (unless it is included in the carrying amount of another asset) on the straight-line  method to write off the  depreciable amount of the assets over their estimated useful lives. Depreciation of an asset does not cease when the asset becomes idle or is retired from active use unless the asset is fully depreciated. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are:

| Long term leasehold land (Right-of-use asset)  66 - 92 years  Buildings  2%  Office equipment  10% - 20%  Furniture and fittings  10% - 20%  Motor vehicles  20%  Plant and machinery  5% - 10%  Renovation  10% - 20%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The depreciation method, useful lives and residual values are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period to ensure that the amounts, method and periods of depreciation are consistent with previous estimates and the expected pattern of consumption of the future economic benefits embodied in the items of the property, plant and equipment. Any changes are accounted for as a change in estimate.

When significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use. Any gain or loss arising from derecognition of the asset,  being  the  difference  between  the  net  disposal  proceeds  and  the  carrying  amount,  is recognised in profit or loss.

## 4.8 LEASES

The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease, at the inception of the contract. The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and corresponding lease liability with respect to all lease arrangements in which it is the lessee, except for low-value assets and short-term leases with  12  months  or  less.  For  these  leases,  the  Group  recognises  the  lease  payments  as  an operating  expense  on  a  straight-line  method  over  the  term  of  the  lease  unless  another systematic basis is more representative of the time pattern in which economic benefits from the leased assets are consumed.

28

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

8

.

4

## LEASES (CONTINUED)

The Group recogni s a right -of -use aset and a leas liabty  at  the  leas  comen t  date. The right -of -use aset  and  the  asocited  leas  liabte s  are  presntd  a s  a  separt  line  item in the staemn of finac l positn.

s

e

The  right -of -use aset  is intaly  measurd at  cost. Cost  includes the  intal amount  of corespndig leas liabty adjuste for any leas payments made at or befor coment date, plus any intal direct cost incured, les any incetv s reciv d.

h

t

h

The right -of -u se aset is subeqntly measurd at cost les acumlted deprciaton and any imparent lose, and adjuste for any remasunt of the leas liabty. The deprciaton star  from the  comen t date  of the  leas. If  the leas  transfe ownership of  the underlyig  aset to  the Group or  the cost  of  the -of -use aset  reflcts tha  the Group expcts  to  exrcis a  purchase optin,  the relatd  right -of -use aset  is  deprciat over  the usefl life  of  the  underlyig  aset.  Otherwis,  the Group depr ciates the  right -of -use  aset  to the earli  of  the  end  of  the  usefl  life  of  the  right -of -use  aset  or  the  end  of  the  leas  term. The estimad usefl lives of the right -of -use aset are detrmin on the same basi as those proety, plant and equipmnt .

r

i

g

t

The leas  liabty  is  intaly  measurd  at  the  presnt  value  of  the  leas  payments  tha  are not paid at the coment  date,  discounte  by  using  the  rate  implct  in  the  leas.  If  this  rate canot be readily detrmin , the Group use its incremta l borwing rate.

The  leas liabty  is sube qntly  measurd at  amortised cost  using the  efctiv inters method. It is remasud when ther is a change in the futre leas payments (other than leas modifcatn tha is not  acounted  for  as  a  separ te leas)  with  the  corespndig  a djustmen is made to the carying amount of the right -of -use aset or is recognisd in profit or los if the carying amount has ben reduc to zero.

## IMPAIRMENT

## (a) Impairment of Financial Assets

s

The Group recognis a los alownce for expctd  credit lose  on investm  in  debt instrume tha are measurd at amortised or at fair value throug other comprehnsiv income and trade recivabls.

c

o

t

The expctd credit los is e stimad as the difernc  betwn  al  contraul  cash  flows tha are due to the Group in acordne with the contra and al the cash flows  tha the Group expcts to reciv, discounte at the orignal efctiv inters rate.

o

The amount of  expctd  c re dit lose  is  update  at  each  repoting  date  to  reflct  chan ges in credit  risk  since  intal  recognit  of  the  respctiv  finacl  instrume.  The  Group alwys recognis  li fetm ex pctd credit  lose for trade  recivabls using the  simplfed ch.  The  expctd credit  lose on  thes finacl  aset are  estimad using  a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience and are adjusted for forwad -loking informa t (includ g time value of money wher aproite).

For al other finacl  instrume,   the   Group recognis  lifetm  expctd  credit  lose when ther  has ben a  signfcat increas in  credit risk since intal recognit.  Howevr, if the  credit  risk  on  the  finacl  instrume has not  increasd  signfcat ly since  intal recognit, the  Group measur  the  los  alownce  for  tha  finacl  instrume  at  an amount equal to 12 -month expctd credit lose.

9

2

t

h

e

9

.

4

p

r

a

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.9 IMPAIRMENT (CONTINUED)

## (a) Impairment of Financial Assets (Continued)

The  Group  recognises  an  impairment  gain  or  loss  in  profit  or  loss  for  all  financial instruments with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account, except for investments in debt instruments that are measured at fair value through other comprehensive income, for which the loss allowance is recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve, and does not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the statements of financial position.

## (b) Impairment of Non-financial Assets

The carrying values of assets, other than those to which MFRS 136 - Impairment of Assets does not apply, are reviewed at the end of each reporting year for impairment when there is an indication that the assets might be impaired. Impairment is measured by comparing the carrying values of the assets with their recoverable amounts. When the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount, the asset is written down to its  recoverable  amount  and  an  impairment  loss  shall  be  recognised.  The  recoverable amount of an asset is the higher of the asset's fair value less costs to sell and its value in use,  which  is  measured  by  reference  to  discounted  future  cash  flow  using  a  pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of  an  individual  asset,  the  Group  determines  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cashgenerating unit to which the asset belongs.

An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss.

When there is a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount, a subsequent increase in the recoverable amount of an asset is treated as a reversal of the previous impairment loss and is recognised to the extent of the carrying amount of the asset that would have been determined (net of amortisation and depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised. The reversal is recognised in profit or loss immediately.

## 4.10 INVENTORIES

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted average method and comprises the purchase price and incidentals incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## 4.11 INCOME TAXES

## (a) Current Tax

Current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  expected  amount  of  income  tax  recoverable  or payable to the taxation authorities.

Current  taxes  are  measured  using  tax  rates  and  tax  laws  that  have  been  enacted  or substantively enacted at the end of the reporting period and are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that the tax relates to items recognised outside profit or loss (either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity).

30

re adjusted

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

1

.

4

## INCOME TAXES  (CONTINUED)

## (b) Deferred Tax

s

Defrd tax recognisd using the liabty method for al temporay diferncs other than those tha arise from godwil or from the intal recognit of an aset or liabty in a transcio  whic  is  not  a  busine  combinat  and  at  the  time  of  the  transcio, afects neithr acountig profit nor taxble profit.

i

Defrd tax aset and liabtes are measurd at the tax  rates tha are expctd to aply in the  period  when  the  aset  is  realisd  or  the  liabty  is  setld,  based  on  the tax  rates tha have be n enactd or subtanively enactd at the end of the repoting period.

i

w

l

n

o

Defrd tax  aset  are  recognisd  for  al  deuctibl  temporay  diferncs,  unsed tax lose and unsed  tax  credits  to  the  extn  tha  it  is  probale  tha  futre  taxble  profits be  avilbe aginst whic  the  deuctibl temporay diferncs, unsed tax  lose and unsed  tax  credits  can  be  utilsed.  The carying  amounts  of  defr  tax  aset  are reviwd at  the  end  of  each  repoting period and  reduc to the  extn  tha  it  is longer probale tha the relatd tax benfits wil be realisd.

Curent and  defr tax  items are  recognisd in  corelatin to  the underlyig  transcio eithr in profit or los, other  comprehnsiv  income  or  directly  in  equity. Defrd  tax  arisng rom a busine combinat  is adjuste aginst godwil or negativ godwil.

Curent tax aset  and  liabtes  or  defr tax  aset  and  liabtes  are  ofset  when  ther  is  a legay enforcabl right to set of curent tax aset aginst curent tax liabtes and when the defr taxes  relat  to  the  same  taxble  entiy  (or  on  difernt  tax  entis  but  they  inted  to setl curent tax aset and liabtes on a net basi) and the same taxion authoriy.

## CASH AND CASH  EQUIVALENTS

e

d

Cash  and  cash  equivale nt s c om pri se   cash  in  han d, b a n k  bal nc e s,   deman d p o s i t s,  and  sho rt -highl y  li q u i d inve st m e t s  tha t a re  re a di l y  c o n v e r t i to know n  a mo u n t s of   c a s h   a n d   w h i c h a re   subje c t to   an  insg ni f c a n t risk  of c ha nges  in with n a l   matu ri t y periods  of t hre m o n t hs  or  le s . For  the  purpo se f  sta e m n t of   ca sh o w s,  cash a n d ca s h pre s n e t  of ba nk  ove rd a f t s.

e

u

l

a

v

o

e

q

u

i

v

a

l

e

n

t

a

r

n

t

e

d

f

l

## PROVISIONS

a

o

b

l

i

g

v

e

n

a

s

e

g

n

i

n

o

c

Provison s a re   rec og n i sed  when the  Group  has  a  pres nt t i o n  (le ga l o r  con st ru ctive)  as  a su l t of   pa s t n t s,  whe n i t  is  p ro b a l e tha t ou tf l o w of   r e so u r c emb d y c  be n f its w i l  be req ui re d  to se t l e  the  obl i g a t i o n ,   a n d   w he n a relia bl e  e st i m a te of the amou nt can  be made . Provison s a re  r evi w e d   a t th e   e nd o f each re po rt i n g   y e a r and adj u ste d   t o   re fl e c t the cu re nt be st e st i ma te .  Wher the efect  of  the   time   va lue   o f   m one y   i s the   p ro v i s o n  is  the   pre s e n t v alue of  the  estima te d e x p e n d i tu r  requi re d  to  set le  the o bliga t ion.  The unwinding  of  the   disco unt is d  as inte r st  e x p e n s e  in pro fi t o r  lo s .

,

l

a

i

r

e

t

a

m

## EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

## (a) Short- term Benefits

Wages, salrie s, paid  an ual  l e a ve  a n d b on u se  a r e  m e a s u r e d  o n  a n  u n d i sc o u n t e d basi  and a re  reco g n i se d in profit   o r  lo s   i n  the   pe ri od   in   w h i c h h e  asoc i a servic e are   re nde r e d by empl o y e s of the Group.

2

3

1

1

1

.

.

.

4

4

4

e

s

i

n

,

g

m

o

r

c

e

e

e

f

t

r

r

n

l

b

g

i

r

o

t

d

e

t

1

3

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.14 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (CONTINUED)

## (b) Defined Contribution Plans

The Group's contributions to defined contribution plans are recognised in profit or loss in the period to which they relate. Once the contributions have been paid, the Group has no further liability in respect of the defined contribution plans.

## 4.15 CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of the Group. It can also be a present obligation arising from past events that is not recognised because it is not probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required or the amount of obligation cannot be measured reliably.

A contingent liability is not recognised but is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, unless  the  probability  of  outflow  of  economic  benefits  is  remote.  When  a  change  in  the probability of an outflow occurs so that the outflow is probable, it will then be recognised as a provision.

## 4.16 OPERATING SEGMENTS

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group's other components. An operating segment's operating results are reviewed regularly by the chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.

## 4.17 BORROWING COSTS

Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

## 4.18 EARNINGS PER ORDINARY SHARE

Basic  earnings  per  ordinary  share  is  calculated  by  dividing  the  consolidated  profit  or  loss attributable  to  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  Company  by  the  weighted  average  number  of ordinary shares outstanding during the reporting period, adjusted for own shares held.

Diluted earnings per ordinary share is determined by adjusting the consolidated profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company and the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

32

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

9

1

.

4

## FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Fair value is the price tha would be recivd to sel an aset or paid to transfe a liabty in an ordely transcio  be tw n market particn s at the  measurnt date, rega dles of  whetr tha  price is  directly observal  or  estimad using  a  valution techniqu.  The  measurnt asume tha  the  transcio takes place  eithr in the  princal market or  in  the  absenc  of  a princal  market, in  the most  advntgeous market.  F or  no -finacl aset,  the fair  value measurement takes into account a market participant's ability to generate economic benefits by using  the  aset in  its  higest and  best use  or  by  seling it  to  another market  partic n tha would use the aset in its higest and best use.

For finacl repoting purose, the fair value measur nt are anlysed into lev 1 to lev 3 as folws:

- Levl 1: Inputs are  quoted prices  (unadjste) in  active markets  for identcal  aset or liabty tha the entiy can a ces at the measurnt date;
- Levl 2: Inputs are  inputs, other  than quoted  prices include  withn lev  1, tha  are observal for the aset or liabty, eithr directly or indrectly; and
- Levl 3: Inputs are unobserval inputs for the aset or

The transfe of fair value betwn levs is detrmin as of the date of the evnt or change in cirumstane tha caused the transfe.

## REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS

Revnu  from  contras  with  customer is recognisd by refn ce to  each  distnc perfomanc obligatn in the contra with customer. Revnu from contras with customer is measurd at  its transcio  price, being  the amount  of considerat  whic the  Group  expcts to  be entild in exchang  for  transfeig  prom ised gods or servic  to  a  custome r,  net  of  sale  and servic tax, retuns, rebats a nd discount.

The Group recognis  revnu  when  (or  as)  it  transfe  contrl  over  a  product  or  servic  to customer. An aset is transfed when (or as) the customer o btains contrl of tha aset.

Depndig  on the  subtanc e of  the contra,  revnu is  recognisd when  the perfomanc obligatn is  satifed, whic may  be  at  a  point  in time  or  over  time. The Group transfe  contrl of a god or servic at a point in time unles one of the fol wing over time critea is met:

- The customer  simultaneo y recivs and  consume the benfits  provide as  the  Company

m

p

e

r

f

o

s

.

- The Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the aset is c reatd or enhacd.
- The Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use and the Group has an enforcabl right to payment for perfomanc completd to date.

3

0

2

.

4

t

y

.

b

l

i

a

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 4.20 REVENUE FROM CONTRACTS WITH CUSTOMERS (CONTINUED)

## Revenue from hotel operations

Revenue from providing services to guests of the hotel includes provision of rooms, food and beverage sales, other departments' sales and ancillary services. The services rendered are distinct performance obligations, for which prices invoiced to the guests are representative of their stand-alone selling prices. These obligations are fulfilled over time when they relate to room rentals that is over the stay within the hotel, and at a point in time for other goods or services, when they have been delivered or rendered.

## 4.21 REVENUE FROM OTHER SOURCES AND OTHER OPERATING INCOME

## (a) Management Fees

Management fees are recognised on an accrual basis.

## (b) Interest Income

Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method.

## (c) Rental Income

Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line method over the lease term.

34

W)

-

Registraon No: 1983026 (9546

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| At  Depreciation  At  1.7.  2021  Additions  Charges  30.6.  2022  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  -  -  -  At  Depreciation  At  1.7.2020  Additions  Charges  30.6.2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  -  (720)  -  (10)  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Carrying Amount

Carrying Amount

The Group

2022

7

1

3

,

5

)

2

0

7

(

7

1

4

,

2

3

Buildngs

3

8

5

)

6

(

1

5

2

4

5

7

6

Ofice equipmnt

3

9

)

8

(

7

0

4

i

t

n

g

f

s

Furnite and

1

2

)

9

(

3

0

Plant and machinery

0

2

5

)

7

(

1

0

7

3

5

Renovati

1

4

,

6

8

0

(

1

,

0

)

2

5

1

1

5

,

4

2

9

The Group

2021

1

4

,

2

3

7

1

4

,

9

5

7

Buildngs

7

6

5

)

(

1

6

8

)

3

7

8

9

6

Ofice equipmnt

4

0

)

(

8

)

4

8

Furnite and fitngs

3

0

2

3

8

Plant and machinery

3

5

7

(

1

0

7

)

4

6

Renovati

1

5

,

4

2

9

(

1

,

0

3

)

3

9

1

6

,

4

0

3

3

5

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 5. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

| Accumulated  At  Accumulated  Impairment  Carrying  Cost  Depreciation  Losses  Amount  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Freehold land  180  -  (180)  -  Buildings  34,765  (18,622)  (2,626)  13,517  Office equipment  3,464  (2,611)  -  853  Furniture and fittings  1,260  (1,221)  -  39  Motor vehicles  3  (3)  -  -  Plant and machinery  345  (324)  -  21  Renovation  1,339  (1,089)  -  250  41,356  (23,870)  (2,806)  14,680  2021  Freehold land  180  -  (180)  -  Buildings  34,765  (17,902)  (2,626)  14,237  Office equipment  3,220  (2,455)  -  765  Furniture and fittings  1,253  (1,213)  -  40  Motor vehicles  3  (3)  -  -  Plant and machinery  345  (315)  -  30  Renovation  1,339  (982)  -  357  41,105  (22,870)  (2,806)  15,429  At  Accumulated  Carrying  Cost  Depreciation  Amount  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Office equipment  263  (263)  -  Furniture and fittings  119  (119)  -  382  (382)  -  2021  Office equipment  263  (263)  -  Furniture and fittings  119  (119)  -  382  (382)  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The buildings of the Group have been charged against a licensed bank for banking facilities granted to the Group as disclosed in Note 14 to the financial statements.

36

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 6. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSET

| At  Depreciation  At  1.7.2021  Charges  30.6.2022  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Carrying Amount  Long term leasehold land  4,146  (88)  4,058  At  Depreciation  At  1.7.2020  Charges  30.6.2021  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2021  Carrying Amount  Long term leasehold land  4,234  (88)  4,146  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Analysis by:-  Cost  6,617  6,617  Accumulated depreciation  (2,559)  (2,471)  4,058  4,146   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group leases certain pieces of leasehold land of which the leasing activity is summarised below:

Long term leasehold land The leases are for periods of 66 - 92 years with no renewal or purchase option. The leases do not allow the Group to assign, transfer or sublease or create any charge, lien or trust in respect of or dispose of the whole or any part of the land. A tenancy is, however, allowed with the consent of the lessor.

The leasehold land of the Group has been pledged to a licensed bank as security for banking facilities granted to the Group as disclosed in Note 14 to the financial statements.

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

| The Company  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Unquoted shares, at cost  3,705  3,705  Accumulated impairment losses  (3,705)  (3,705)  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

The details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

| Principal Place  Percentage of Issued Share Capital  of Business/  Held by Parent  Country of  The Company  Subsidiary  Principal  Name of Subsidiaries  Incorporation  2022  2021  2022  2021  Activities  %  %  %  %  Pengkalen Holiday Resort Sdn.  Bhd. *  Malaysia  100  100  -  -  Operating a hotel  Golden Carps Pte. Ltd. +  Singapore  100  100  -  -  Inactive  Grandvestment Company  Hong Kong  100  100  -  -  Dormant   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Limited +

Subsidiaries which are under liquidation and are not consolidated:

| Percentage of Issued Share Capital  Held by Parent  The Company  Subsidiary  Country of  Name of Subsidiaries  2022  2021  2022  2021  Incorporation  %  %  %  %  Asia Entertainment Network  Sdn.   Bhd. ^  60  60  -  -  Malaysia  Pengkalen Building Materials  Sdn. Bhd. ^  100  100  -  -  Malaysia  Pengkalen Electronics  Industries Sdn. Bhd. ^  67  67  -  -  Malaysia  Technitone (M) Sdn. Bhd. ^  64.10  64.10  -  -  Malaysia  Subsidiary of Technitone  (M) Sdn. Bhd.  Office  Business  Systems  Sdn.  Bhd. ^  -  -  100  100  Malaysia  Subsidiary of Office  Business Systems Sdn.  Bhd.  Office Business Systems  (Malacca) Sdn. Bhd. ^  -  -  65  65  Malaysia  Office Business Systems  (Penang) Sdn. Bhd. ^  -  -  100  100  Malaysia  Sensor Equipment Sdn. Bhd.^  -  -  100  100  Malaysia   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

+

*

^

Subsidiaries audited by other firms of chartered accountants

Subsidiaries audited by Crowe Malaysia PLT

Subsidiaries under liquidation and not dealt with in the consolidated financial statements of the Group for financial year ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021. The contributions of these subsidiaries to the Group are insignificant.

.

8

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE

| The Group  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Unquoted shares, at cost  296,72  296,72  296,72  296,72  Share of post acquisition  reserve  (54,068)  (54,068)  242,604  242,604  296,72  296,72  Accumulated impairment losses  (242,604)  (242,604)  (296,72)  (296,72)  Accumulated impairment losses:  At 1 July/30 June  (242,604)  (242,604)  (296,72)  (296,72)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-

-

-

-

The details of the associates, which are all incorporated in Malaysia, are as follows:

2

0

2

0

1

2

0

2

0

1

| Princpal Place  Efectiv Equity  Inters  of Busine/  held by  Country of  The Company  Asociate  Princpal  Name of Asociate  Incorpati  Actives  Pan Malaysia Capital Berhad  Malaysia  34.84  34.84  Investment  holding  Subsidare of Pan Malysi  Capitl Berhad  Bayan Niaga Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  100  100  Investment  holding  Meridian Nominees  GLYPH&lt;c=11,font=/AORTRG+Garamond&gt;7ePpatanGLYPH&lt;c=12,font=/AORTRG+Garamond&gt; 6dnGLYPH&lt;c=17,font=/AORTRG+Garamond&gt; BhdGLYPH&lt;c=17,font=/AORTRG+Garamond&gt; ơ  Malaysia  100  100  Nominees and  custodian services  Pan Malaysia Equities  Sdn.  BhdGLYPH&lt;c=17,font=/AORTRG+Garamond&gt; Ƣ  Malaysia  100  100  Property and  investment  holding   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

0

2

%

-

-

-

%

1

0

2

-

-

-

%

-

0

2

-

%

-

1

0

2

-

## 8. INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (CONTINUED)

The details of the associates, which are all incorporated in Malaysia, are as follows: (Continued)

| Principal Place  Effective Equity Interest  Subsidiaries of Pan  of Business/  held by  Malaysia Capital Berhad  Country of  The Company  Associate  Principal  (Continued)  Incorporation  2022  2021  2022  2021  Activities  %  %  %  %  PCB Asset Management Sdn.  Bhd.  Malaysia  -  -  100  100  Research and fund  management  services  PM Asset Management Sdn.  Bhd.  Malaysia  -  -  100  100  Investment  holding  PM Nominees (Asing) Sdn.  Bhd. β  Malaysia  -  -  100  100  Nominees and  custodian services  PM Nominees (Tempatan)  Sdn. Bhd. β  Malaysia  -  -  100  100  Nominees and  custodian services  PM Securities Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  -  -  100  100  Stock and  sharebroking and  corporate  advisory services  Miranex Sdn. Bhd.  Malaysia  -  -  100  100  Moneylending   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

α Wholly owned subsidiary of Pan Malaysia Equities Sdn Bhd

β Wholly owned subsidiary of PM Securities Sdn Bhd

The summarised financial information of the associate that is material to the Group is as follows:

| 2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  At 30 June  Non-current assets  38,348  39,511  Current assets  83,708  88,683  Non-current liabilities  (1,142)  (1,694)  Current liabilities  (137,968)  (142,462)  Net liabilities  (17,054)  (15,962)  Financial year ended 30 June  Revenue  18,226  33,417  Profit/(Loss) for the financial year/Total  Comprehensive income/(expenses)  (1,092)  1,030   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

8

9

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

.

## INVESTMENT IN AN ASSOCIATE (CONTINUED)

The Group has not recognised losses relating to Pan Malaysia Capital Berhad as its share of losses has exceed ed the Group 's interest in this associate. The Group 's cumulative share of unrecognised losses at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  was  RM 5,944,000  (2021  -  RM 5,563,000).  The  Group  has  no obligation in respect of these losses.

## INVENTORIES

.

| The Group  RM'000  RM'000  Consumables, food and beverages  68  50  Recognised in profit or loss:  Inventories recognised as cost of services  408  293   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1 0 .   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

0

2

| The Group  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Trade receivables - third parties  127  67  -  -  Allowance for impairment losses  (53)  (53)  -  -  -  74  14  -  -  Other receivables  10,978  10,971  8  -  Allowance for impairment losses  (10,608)  (10,608)  -  -  370  363  8  -  Refundable deposits  402  398  84  83  Allowance for impairment losses  (79)  (79)  (79)  (79)  323  319  5  4  767  696  13  4  Prepayments  128  50  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1

0

2

0

0

2

2

1

0

2

1

0

2

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 10.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Amount owing by an associate  47,047  47,556  47,047  47,556  Allowance for impairment losses  (15,598)  (15,790)  (15,598)  (15,790)  31,449  31,766  31,449  31,766  32,344  32,512  31,462  31,770   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The Group's and the Company's normal trade credit term is 30 (2021 : 30) days.

(b) The amount owing by an associate represent non-trade balances, unsecured interest-free advances and payments made on behalf. The amount owing is repayable on demand and is to be settled in cash.

(c) The reconciliation of movements in the allowance for impairment losses are as follows:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Trade receivables  At 1 July  (53)  (95)  -  -  Addition during the financial  year (Note 18)  -  (37)  -  -  Reversal during the financial  year (Note 18)  (  -  79  -  -  At 30 June  (53)  (53)  -  -  Other receivables  At 1 July  (10,608)  (10,807)  -  (1)  Reversal during the financial  year (Note 18)  -  199  -  -  Written off during the financial year  -  -  -  1  At 30 June  (10,608)  (10,608)  -  -  Refundable deposits  At 1 July/30 June  (79)  (79)  (79)  (79)  Amount owing by an associate  At 1 July  (15,790)  (17,515)  (15,790)  (17,515)  Reversal during the financial year  (Note 18)  192  1,725  192  1,725  At 30 June  (15,598)  (15,790)  (15,598)  (15,790)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

42

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 11. AMOUNT OWING BY SUBSIDIARIES

| The Company  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Current  Non-trade balance  294,560  294,026  Allowance for impairment losses  (294,560)  (285,209)  -  8,817  Allowance for impairment losses:  At 1 July  (285,209)  (285,367)  Addition during the financial year (Note 18)  (9,351)  (39)  Reversal during the financial year (Note 18)  -  197  At 30 June  (294,560)  (285,209)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-trade balance represents unsecured interest-free advances and payments made on behalf. The amount owing is repayable on demand and is to be settled in cash.

## 12. AMOUNTS OWING BY/(TO) HOLDING COMPANY AND RELATED COMPANIES

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Amount Owing by Related Companies  Current  Non-trade balance  357  357  18  18  Allowance for impairment losses  (357)  (357)  (18)  (18)  -  -  -  -  Allowance for impairment losses:  At  1 July/30 June  (357)  (357)  (18)  (18)  Amount Owing to Holding Company  Current  Non-trade balance  (465)  (250)  (465)  (250)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

43

## 12. AMOUNTS OWING BY/(TO) HOLDING COMPANY AND RELATED COMPANIES (CONTINUED)

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Amount Owing to Related Companies  Current  Non-trade balance  (1,083)  (829)  (786)  (571)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-trade balances owing by/(to) related companies and holding company represent unsecured interest-free advances and payments made on behalf. The amounts owing are repayable on demand and are to be settled in cash.

## 13. SHARE CAPITAL

| The Group/The Company  2022  2021  Number  Number  of shares  of shares  ('000)  RM'000  ('000)  RM'000  Issued and fully paid-up  Ordinary shares  At 1 July/30 June  928,867  92,887  928,867  92,887   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Company, and are entitled to one vote per ordinary share at meetings of the Company. The ordinary shares have no par value.

## 14.  TERM LOAN

| The Group  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Current liabilities  -  1,180  Non-current liabilities  14,511  13,331  14,511  14,511   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 14.  TERM LOAN (CONTINUED)

- (a) The term loan is secured by a first party legal charge over the leasehold land and buildings of the Group as disclosed in Notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements respectively. In addition, the term loan is guaranteed by the holding company in proportionate to its effective controlling stake in the Group.
- (b) The term loan is repayable in one hundred sixty eight (168) monthly instalments commencing December 2014.
- (c) As  the  business  of  the  Group  was  disrupted  by  the  COVID-19  pandemic,  the  Group  has obtained  the  bank's  approval  on  23  March  2022  to  reschedule  the  term  loan  monthly instalments for another twelve (12) months effective from January 2022.
- (d) The term loan bore an effective interest rate of 5.81% (2021: 5.56%) per annum.

## 15.  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITY

| At  Recognised in  At  1.7.2021  Profit or Loss  30.6.2022  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Deferred tax liability  Property, plant and equipment  294  -  294  At  Recognised in  At  1.7.2020  Profit or Loss  30.6.2021  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2021  Deferred tax liability  Property, plant and equipment  294  -  294   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Trade payables:  Third parties  1,327  1,136  -  -  Other payables:  Other payables  1,962  1,985  739  743  Provisions  411  2,242  -  -  Accruals  977  631  44  44  3,350  4,858  783  787  Amount owing to an associate  Current  Non-trade balance  481  481  -  -  5,158  6,475  783  787   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (CONTINUED)

- (a) The normal trade credit terms granted to the Group and to the Company range from 14 to 60 (2021: 14 to 60) days.
- (b) Provisions include a claim for service charge brought against a subsidiary of the Company.
- (c) The non-trade balance owing to an associate represents unsecured interest-free advances and payments made on behalf. The amount owing is repayable on demand and is to be settled in cash.

## 17. REVENUE

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Revenue recognised over time  - Room revenue  2,868  2,158  -  -  - Management fee  -  -  24  24  2,868  2,158  24  24  Revenue recognised at a point in  time  - Food and beverage sales  1,224  988  -  -  - Other hotel services  12  10  -  -  1,236  998  -  -  4,104  3,156  24  24   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18. NET REVERSAL OF IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Impairment losses on:  - trade receivables (Note 10)  -  (37)  -  -  - amount owing by a subsidiary  (Note 11)  -  -  (9,351)  (39)  Reversal of impairment losses:  - trade receivables (Note 10)  -  79  -  -  - other receivables (Note 10)  -  199  -  -  - amount owing by an associate  (Note 10)  192  1,725  192  1,725  - amount owing by a subsidiary  (Note 11)  -  -  -  197  1,097  462  192  1,966  (9,159)  1,883   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 19.  PROFIT /(LOS) BEFORE TAXATION

u

s

p

r

v

i

o

e

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Profit/(Loss)  before taxation is  arrived at after  charging/(crediting):  Auditors' remuneration:  - audit fe:  - curent year  - over  provisn in the  finacl year  -  -  -  - no  -audit fes:  - curent year  Deprciaton:  - proety, plant and equipmnt  (Note 5)  -  -  - right  -of  -use aset (Note 6)  -  -  Directors' remuneration (Note  Inters expns on finacl  liabtes not at fair value throug  profit or los:  - term  loan (Note 2  -  -  Staf  cost (Note 2  -  -  Gain on dispoal of proety, plant  and equipmnt  -  -  -  Revrsal of provisn for  servic  charge  -  -  -  Rental income on premis  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

3

)

## 20.  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Curent tax expns  -  -  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2

(

b

)

2

4

)

)

3

8

(

1

,

7

3

0

0

2

,

,

1

1

4

1

8

(

4

2

)

4

9

5

8

6

4

3

8

0

0

,

,

1

1

9

3

8

(

5

7

)

4

1

5

8

8

(

9

)

(

1

)

4

0

9

4

6

4

0

1

4

8

4

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 20.  INCOME TAX EXPENSES (CONTINUED)

A reconciliation of income tax expenses applicable to the profit/(loss) before taxation at the statutory tax rate to income tax expenses at the effective tax rate of the Group and of the Company is as follows:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Profit/(loss) before taxation  (62)  (348)  (9,525)  1,467  Tax at the statutory tax rate of 24%  (2021 - 24%)  (15)  (84)  (2,286)  352  Tax effects of:  Non-allowable expenses  45  32  21  16  Deferred tax assets not recognised  during the financial year  -  52  2,265  -  Utilisation of deferred tax assets  previously not recognised  (30)  -  -  (368)  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Domestic income tax is  calculated  at  the  Malaysian  statutory  tax  rate  of  24%  (2021  -  24%)  of  the estimated assessable profit for the financial year.

The amounts of temporary differences for which no deferred tax assets have been recognised in the statements of financial position are as follows:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Taxable temporary differences  (1,751)  (1,771)  -  -  Other provisions  611,989  614,013  610,632  601,473  Unutilised tax losses  29,537  28,638  17,842  17,565  Unabsorbed capital allowances  7,829  6,850  3,005  3,005  647,604  647,730  631,479  622,043   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these items as it is not probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences could be utilised.

The deductible temporary differences do not expire under the current tax legislation.

48

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

2

## 1 .   LOSS PER SHARE

| The Group  202  2021  Loss attributable to owners of the Company (RM'000)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue ('000)  Basic los per share (sen)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has not isued any dilute potenial ordinay share and henc, the dilute los per share is equal to the basic los per share.

## 2 2 .   CASH FLOW INFORMATION

(

a

)

- The cash disbure for the purchase of proety, plant and equipmnt is as folws: -

5

2

1

9

3

| The Group  202  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Cost  of  proety,  plant  and  equipmnt  purchased (Note  5)/  Cash  disbure for purchase of proety, plant and equipmnt   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- The reconilats of liabtes arisng from finacg actives are as folws:

9

1

)

| The Group  202  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Term Loan  At 1 July  Changes in Finacg Cash Flows  Repayment of bor wing inte r st  Non  -cash Change  Finace charges recognise d  in profi t or los  (Note  Acrued finace charges  At 30 June   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

9

4

(

b

)

7

6

,

8

2

9

5

,

4

1

5

,

4

1

1

)

(

0

.

)

)

)

(

4

8

5

(

4

8

5

(

3

2

9

4

1

8

(

6

2

)

7

6

,

8

2

9

5

5

,

,

4

4

1

1

(

(

)

)

)

(

6

7

(

6

7

3

4

.

0

6

1

(

8

4

3

9

3

8

)

)

## 23.  EMPLOYEE BENEFITS

| The Group  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Wages, salaries and bonuses  904  774  Contributions to defined contribution plan  129  144  Retirement gratuity  -  5  Other benefits  170  157  1,203  1,080   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24.  KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION

The key management personnel of the Group and of the Company include executive directors and non-executive directors of the Company and certain members of senior management of the Group and of the Company.

The key management personnel compensation during the financial year was as follows:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Directors  Directors of the Company  Short-term employee benefits:  -  Fee  55  50  55  50  -  Other benefits  14  31  14  31  Total directors' remuneration (Note 19)  69  81  69  81   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

## (a) Identities of Related Parties

Parties are considered to be related to the Group if the Group or the Company has the ability, directly or indirectly, to control or jointly control the party or exercise significant influence over the party in making financial and operating decisions, or vice versa, or where the Group or the Company and the party are subject to common control.

In addition to the information detailed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group has related party relationships with its holding company, associates, key management personnel and entities within the same group of companies.

Related parties of the Group include:

- (i) Malayan United Industries Berhad, the holding company;

(ii) Direct and indirect subsidiaries and associates of the holding company; and

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

2

## 5. RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES  (CONTINUED)

## (a) Identities of Related Parties  (Continued)

Relatd parties of the Group include: (Contiued)

(

i

)

Pan Malysi Capitl Berhad, an asocite of the Company.

## (b) Significant Related Party Transactions and Balances

Other than  those  discloe  elswhr  in  the  finacl  staemn,  the  Group  and  the  Company also caried out the transcio with the relatd parties during the finacl year:

o

m

p

a

n

y

c

f

o

l

w

i

n

g

| The Group  The Company  202  2021  202  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Mangemt fe recivd and  recivabl from a subidary  -  -  Mangemt fe paid and payble  to a relatd company  Advances from imedat holding  Repaymnt from an asocite  -  -  Advance to an asocite  -  (50)  -  Repaymnt from a subidary  -  -  Advances to a subidary  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

t

d

l

a

r

e

5

0

9

The sig nfcat outsandig balnces of the parties (includg the alownce for imparent los  made)  togehr with their  terms and condits are discloe in the  respctiv notes to the finacl staemn.

)

(

2

0

3

5

1

2

)

(

2

6

0

5

2

)

)

(

2

0

3

(

5

8

5

9

1

0

2

5

2

4

8

2

4

)

(

1

,

0

)

(

2

6

0

7

5

9

2

1

(

5

0

)

4

2

1

5

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 26. OPERATING SEGMENTS

Operating segments are prepared in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Group Executive Committee as its chief operating decision maker in order to allocate resources to segments and to assess their performance. For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their services provided .

The Group is organised into 3 main reportable segments as follows:

- (a) Hotel

Hotel operations.

- (b) Stockbroking

Comprise mainly businesses  involved  in stock  and sharebroking,  corporate  advisory  services, research and fund management services, nominee and custodian services principally engaged by an associate.

- (c) Investment holding

Comprise mainly investment, dormant and inactive subsidiaries.

The Group Executive Committee assesses the performance of the reportable segments based on their profit/(loss) before interest expense and taxation. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group's accounting policies.

Borrowings  and  investment-related  activities  are  managed  on  a  group  basis  by  the  central  treasury function and are not allocated to reportable segments.

Each reportable segment assets is measured based on all assets of the segment other than investment in an associate and tax-related assets.

Each  reportable  segment  liabilities  is  measured  based  on  all  liabilities  of  the  segment  other  than borrowings and tax-related liabilities.

Assets,  liabilities  and  expenses  which  are  common  and  cannot  be  meaningfully  allocated  to  the reportable segments are presented under unallocated items. Unallocated items comprise mainly income taxes and related expenses.

Transactions between reportable segments are carried out on agreed terms between both parties. The effects of such inter-segment transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

52

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 26. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

BUSINESS SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

| Investment  The  2022  Hotel  Stockbroking  holding  Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Revenue  External revenue  4,104  6,350  -  10,454  Inter-segment revenue  -  -  24  24  Less: Group's share of associate  revenue  -  (6,350)  -  (6,350)  4,104  -  24  4,128  Consolidation adjustments  (24)  Consolidated revenue  4,104  Represented by:  Revenue recognised over time  -  Room revenue  2,868  -  -  2,868  -  Management fee  -  -  24  24  Revenue recognised at point of time  -  Food and beverage sales  1,224  -  -  1,224  -  Other hotel services  12  -  -  12  -  Fund management services  -  319  -  319  -  Gross brokerage income and other  related income  -  6,031  -  6,031  Less: Group's share of associates  revenue  -  (6,350)  -  (6,350)  4,104  -  24  4,128  Consolidation adjustments  (24)  4,104   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

BUSINESS SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

| Investment  The  2022  Hotel  Stockbroking  holding  Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Results  Segment profit/(loss) before interest  and taxation  927  -  (175)  752  Finance costs  (814)  Consolidated loss before taxation  (62)  Segment profit/(loss) before interest  and taxation includes the  following:  Interest expenses  814  -  -  814  Depreciation  1,088  -  -  1,088  Reversal of impairment losses:  -  amount owing by an associate  -  -  (192)  (192)  Assets  Segment assets  20,796  -  31,518  52,314  Unallocated assets:  -  current tax assets  32  Consolidation adjustments  (897)  Consolidated total assets  51,449  Additions to non-current assets  other than financial instruments  are:  Property, plant and equipment  (251)  -  -  (251)  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  50,743  -  333,989  384,732  Unallocated liabilities:  -  deferred tax liability  294  -  term loan  14,511  Consolidation adjustments  (378,026)  Consolidated total liabilities  21,511   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 2 6.   OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

BUSINESS  SEGMENTS  (CONTINUED)

relatd income

| Investment  The  2021  Hotel  Stockbroking  holding  Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Revenue  External revnu  -  Inter  -segmnt revnu  -  -  Less: Group's share of associate  revnu  -  -  -  Conslidat adjustmen  Conslidate revnu  Reprsntd by:  Revnu recognisd over time  -  Rom revnu  -  -  -  Mangemt fe  -  -  Revnu recognisd at point of time  -  Fod and bevrag sale  -  -  -  Other hotel servic  -  -  -  Fund manget servic  -  -  -  Gros brokeag income and other  -  -  Less: Group's share of associates  revnu  -  -  -  Conslidat adjustmen   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

5

6

6

8

6

5

5

5

5

1

1

1

1

,

,

,

,

3

3

2

3

8

9

0

1

3

)

3

)

6

4

6

4

(

1

,

(

1

,

7

3

,

1

3

4

6

,

1

0

7

2

4

4

4

4

2

2

2

2

3

)

6

4

(

1

,

3

)

6

4

(

1

,

9

7

7

3

,

,

4

1

1

0

6

8

0

6

8

5

5

8

5

1

1

1

1

1

,

,

,

,

,

3

3

2

3

3

0

8

7

9

2

(

2

4

)

(

2

4

)

4

4

0

2

2

1

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 26.  OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

BUSINESS SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

| Investment  The  2021  Hotel  Stockbroking  holding  Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Results  Segment profit/(loss) before interest  and taxation  (1,015)  -  1,506  491  Finance costs  (839)  Consolidated loss before taxation  (348)  Segment profit/(loss) before interest  and taxation includes the  following:  Interest expenses  839  -  -  839  Depreciation  1,101  -  -  1,101  Impairment loss of trade receivables  37  -  -  37  Reversal of impairment losses:  -  trade and other receivables  (278)  -  -  (278)  -  amount owing by an associate  -  -  (1,725)  (1,725)  Assets  Segment assets  21,429  -  40,617  62,046  Unallocated assets:  -  current tax assets  25  Consolidation adjustments  (9,712)  Consolidated total assets  52,359  Additions to non-current assets  other than financial instruments  are:  Property, plant and equipment  (39)  -  -  (39)  Liabilities  Segment liabilities  36,678  -  348,240  384,918  Unallocated liabilities:  -  deferred tax liability  294  -  term loan  14,511  Consolidation adjustments  (377,364)  Consolidated total liabilities  22,359   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

56

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 2 6.   OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

## BUSINESS SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

## GEOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION

The Group operats predominatly in one busine segmnt in Malysi. Acordingly, the informat by busine and georaphic l segmnt is not presntd.

## MAJOR  CUSTOMERS

There is no single customer that contributed 10% or more to the Group's revenue.

## 2 7.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

r

The Group's activities are exposed to a variety of market risk (including foreign currency risk, interest rate  risk and equity  price isk),  credit  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  Group's  overall  financial  risk manget policy  focu se  on  the  unpredictably  of  fin acl  markets  and  sek  to  minse  potenial adverse effects on the Group's financial performance.

1

.

7

2

## FINANCIAL RISK  MANAGEMENT POLICIES

The Group's policies in respect of the major areas of treasury activity are as follows:

## (a) Market Risk

(

i

)

## Foreign Curency Risk

The Group is exposd to foreign cureny  risk  on  transcio  and  balnces  tha are denomiat in  curenis  other  than  the  respctiv functioal cureni s  of entis  withn the  Group. The cureny  givn rise  to this  risk is  primaly Singapore Dolar. Foreign cureny risk is monitred closey on an ongi basi to ensur tha the n et exposur is at an aceptbl lev.

s

i

v

n

m

p

r

h

e

o

c

Any reasonbly posible change in the foreign cureny exchang rates at the end of the repoting  period  aginst  the  respctiv  functioal   curenis  of  the  entis withn  the Group  does  not  have materil  impact on the  los after  taxion and other income  of the  Group  and  of  the  Company  and  henc,  no senitv y anlysi is presntd.

7

5

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.1 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (a) Market Risk (Continued)

## (ii) Interest Rate Risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's exposure  to  interest  rate  risk  arises  mainly  from  long-term  borrowings  with variable rates. The Group's policy is to obtain the most favourable interest rates available.

The Group's exposure to interest rate risk based on the carrying amounts of the financial instruments at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in Note 14 to the financial statements.

## Interest Rate Risk Sensitivity Analysis

The following table details the sensitivity analysis to a reasonably possible change in the interest rates at the end of the reporting period, with all other variables held constant:

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Effects on Profit/  (Loss) After  Taxation  Increase of 100  basis points  (110)  (110)  -  -  Decrease of 100  basis points  110  110  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iii) Equity Price Risk

The Group does not have any quoted investments and hence, is not exposed to equity price risk.

58

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

7

## .  FINACL INSTRUMENTS (CONTIUED)

2

7

.

1

## FINANCIAL RISK  MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (b)   Credit Risk

The Group's exposure to credit risk, or the risk of counterparties defaulting, arises mainly from trade  and other recivabls.  The Group  manges  its  exposur  to  credit  risk  by  the aplicton  of  credit aprovls,  credit limts  and monitrg  procedus on an  ongi basi. For other  finacl  aset  (includg quoted inve stm and cash  and bank balnces), the Group minse credit risk by dealing exclusivy with hig credit rating

s

i

.

o

u

n

t

e

r

p

a

c

2

The  Company's  exposure  to  credit  risk  arises  principaly from loans  and advnces  to subidare,  an  asocite and  relatd companies.  The  Company  monitrs the  result of thes subidare,   an  asoci te  and  the  relatd   companie s regulay and repaymnts  made by the subidare, an asoci te and the relatd com

- Credit Risk Concetrai Profile

The  Group  does  not  have  any  major  conetrai of  credit risk relatd to  any indvual customer or counterpay.

- Exposure to Credit Risk

At  the end  of the  repoting period,  the maxiu exposur  to credit  risk is repsntd by the carying amount  of  each  clas of finacl  aset recognisd  in the  staemn of  finacl positn  of the  Group and  of the  Company after deucting any alownce for imparent lose (wher aplicbe).

- Asemnt of Impairent Lose

At each repoting  date,  the  Group  ase  whetr  any  of  the  finacl  aset  at amortised cost are credit impared.

The  gros  carying amounts  of  finacl aset  are writen  of  when ther  is  no reasonbl expctaion of recovy  (i.e  the  debtor  does  not  have  aset  or  source of income to genrat sufic ent cash flows to repay the debt) despit the fact tha they are stil subject to enforcmt actives.

## Trade Receivables

The  Group  aplies  the simplfed  aproch to  measuri ng expctd  credit lose whic use a lifetm expctd los alownce for al trade recivabls.

To measur the expctd credit lose, trade recivabls have ben grouped based on shared  credit risk charteis and the days past due.

(

i

)

(

i

)

(

i

)

s

.

p

a

n

i

e

9

5

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.1 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Credit Risk (Continued)

## (iii) Assessment of Impairment Losses (Continued)

## Trade Receivables (Continued)

The Group considers any receivables having financial difficulty or with significant balances outstanding for more than a year is deemed credit impaired.

The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 12 months from the measurement date and the corresponding historical credit losses  experienced  within  this  period.  The  historical  loss  rates  are  adjusted  to reflect  current  and  forward-looking  information  on  macroeconomic  factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle their debts.

The  information  about  the  exposure  to  credit  risk  and  the  loss  allowances calculated under MFRS 9 for trade receivables is summarised below:

| Gross  Individual  Collective  Carrying  Amount  Allowance  Impairment  Amount  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Current (not past due)  73  -  (8)  65  More than 90 days past due  10  -  (1)  9  Credit impaired  44  (44)  -  -  127  (44)  (9)  74  2021  Current (not past due)  11  -  -  11  More than 90 days past due  3  -  -  3  Credit impaired  53  (52)  (1)  -  67  (52)  (1)  14   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the loss allowances in respect of trade receivables is disclosed in Note 10 to the financial statements.

## Other Receivables

Other receivables are also subject to the impairment requirements of MFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial and hence, it is not provided for.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 2 7.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

2

7

1

.

## FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Credit Risk (Continued)

(

i

)

## Asemnt of Impairent Lose (Contiued)

## Cash and Bank Balances

The Group consider thes banks  and  finacl instuo have  low  credit  risk. In  aditon, some  of the  bank balnces  are insured  by Governmt agencis. Therfo, the  Group  is  of the  view tha  the los  alownce is  imaterl and henc, it is not provide for.

## Amount Owing By Subsidiaries and Am ount Owing By An Associate (Non - trade Balances)

The  Group  aplies the  3 -stage genral  aproch to  measuring expctd  credit lose for  al  inter -company balnces. Genraly,  the  Group  consider  loans  and advnces to  subidare and an  asocite have low credit risk.  The Group asume that there is a significant increase in credit risk when the subsidiary's and associate's finacl positn detrioa s signfcatly.  As the Group is able to detrmin the timing of payments of the subsidiaries' and an as sociates' loans and advances when they are  payble, the Group consider  the  loans  and  advnces to be  in  default when the subidare and an asocite are not able to pay when deman. The Group consider the loan  or  advnce  to  be  credit  impared  when  the subidare   and  an asocite are unlikey to repay its loan or advnce in ful or the subidare and an asocite are contiusly los making or are having a defict in its toal equity.

The  Group  detrmins the  probailty of  default for  thes loans  and advnces indvualy using interal informat avilbe.

The informat about the exposur to credit risk and the los alownces caluted under MFRS 9 are sumaried below:

Amount Owing By Subsidiaries (Non - trade Balances)

2

| Gros  Lifet  me Los  Carying  Amount  Alowance  Amount  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  202  Signif ca n t i nc re a  se  in cre di t  r i sk  -  2021  Signif ca n t i nc re a  se  in cre di t  r i sk   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1

6

0

6

6

5

0

,

,

4

4

9

9

2

2

)

0

9

,

(

(

2

8

5

0

6

5

,

4

9

2

)

7

1

,

8

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.1 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Credit Risk (Continued)

## (iii) Assessment of Impairment Losses (Continued)

Amount Owing By Subsidiaries and Amount Owing By An Associate (Non-trade Balances) (Continued)

The  information  about  the  exposure  to  credit  risk  and  the  loss  allowances calculated under MFRS 9 are summarised below: (Continued)

Amount Owing By An Associate (Non-trade Balances)

| Gross  Lifetime Loss  Carrying  Amount  Allowance  Amount  The Group/The Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Significant increase in credit risk  47,047  (15,598)  31,449  2021  Significant increase in credit risk  47,556  (15,790)  31,766   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements in the loss allowances are disclosed in Notes 10 and 11 to the financial statements.

## (c) Liquidity Risk

Liquidity  risk  arises  mainly  from  general  funding  and  business  activities.  The  Group practises  prudent  risk  management  by  maintaining  sufficient  cash  balances  and  the availability of funding through certain committed credit facilities.

62

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.1 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Liquidity Risk (Continued)

Maturity Analysis

The following table sets out the maturity profile of the financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on the rates at the end of the reporting period):

## Weighted

| Average  Effective  Contractual  Over  Interest  Carrying  Undiscounted  Within  1 - 5  5  Rate  Amount  Cash Flows  1 Year  Years  Years  The Group  %  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Non-derivative Financial Liabilities  Term loan  5.81  14,511  19,708  780  8,591  10,337  Trade and other payables  -  4,270  4,270  4,270  -  -  Amount owing to holding company and  related companies  -  1,548  1,548  1,548  -  -  20,329  25,526  6,598  8,591  10,337   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

63

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

27. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.1 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Liquidity Risk (Continued)

## Maturity Analysis (Continued)

The following table sets out the maturity profile of the financial liabilities at the end of the reporting period based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on the rates at the end of the reporting period): (Continued)

## Weighted

| Average  Effective  Contractual  Over  Interest  Carrying  Undiscounted  Within  1 - 5  5  Rate  Amount  Cash Flows  1 Year  Years  Years  The Group  %  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2021  Non-derivative Financial Liabilities  Term loan  5.56  14,511  19,118  1,180  8,638  9,300  Trade and other payables  -  6,475  6,475  6,475  -  -  Amount owing to holding company and  related companies  -  1,079  1,079  1,079  -  -  22,065  26,672  8,734  8,638  9,300   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

64

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registraon No: 1983026 (9546 -W)

## 2 7.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

2

7

1

.

## FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## (c) Liquidity Risk (Continued)

## Maturity Analysis (Continued)

The folwing table set out the maturiy profile of the finacl liabtes at the end of the repoting period based on contraul undiscote cash flows (includg inters payments computed using c ontraul rates or, if floating, based on the rates at the end of the repoting pe riod): (Contiued)

2

s

o

m

p

a

n

i

e

c

| Weightd  Averag  Efectiv  Contracul  Inters  Carying  Undiscoute  Withn  Rate  Amount  Cash Flows  1 Year  The Company  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  202  Non  -derivat  Finacl Liabltes  Trade and other paybles  -  Amount  owing to  holding  company and  relatd  -  2021  Non  -derivat  Finacl Liabltes  Trade and other paybles  -  Amount owing to holding  company and relatd  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

s

o

m

p

a

n

i

e

c

## CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMEMT

c

The Group manges its capitl to ensur tha entis withn the Group wil be able to maint an optimal capitl struc e so as to  suport its busine  and maxise sha reold  value. To achiev  this objectiv,  the Group  may make  adjustme n to  the apitl  struce in  view of changes in econmi  condits,  such  as  adjusting  the  amount  of  diven  payment,  retunig of capitl to shareold or isung new share.

2

7

2

.

%

4

8

5

3

0

2

0

6

,

,

,

1

2

1

3

1

8

8

2

7

7

8

4

8

5

3

0

2

0

6

,

,

,

1

2

1

3

1

8

8

2

7

7

8

8

0

6

,

1

4

5

3

2

0

,

,

1

2

1

8

2

7

8

3

8

7

5

6

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMEMT (CONTINUED)

The Group manages its capital based on debt-to-equity ratio that complies with debt covenants and regulatory, if any. The debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total equity. The Group includes within net debts, borrowing from financial institution less cash and cash equivalents. The debt-to-equity ratio of the Group at the end of the reporting period was as follows:

| The Group  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  Term loan (Note 14)  14,511  14,511  Less: Cash and bank balances  (267)  (197)  Net debt  14,244  14,314  Total equity  29,938  30,000  Debt-to-equity ratio  0.48  0.48   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.3 CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Financial Assets  Amortised Cost  Trade and other receivables  (Note 10)  31,893  32,143  31,457  31,766  Amount owing by  subsidiaries (Note 11)  -  -  -  8,817  Cash and bank balances  267  197  56  30  32,160  32,340  31,513  40,613  Financial Liabilities  Amortised Cost  Term loan (Note 14)  14,511  14,511  -  -  Trade and other payables  (Note 16)  4,270  6,475  783  787  Amount owing to holding  company and related  companies  (Note 12)  1,548  1,079  1,251  821  20,329  22,065  2,034  1,608   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

66

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.4 GAINS OR (LOSSES) ARISING FROM FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

| The Group  The Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  Financial Assets  Amortised cost  Net gains/(loss) recognised in  profit or loss  192  1,966  (9,158)  1,883  Financial Liability  Amortised cost  Net losses recognised in profit  or loss  (814)  (839)  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

67

Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d )

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.5 FAIR VALUE INFORMATION

The fair values of the financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group and of the Company which are maturing within the next 12 months approximated their carrying amounts due to the relatively short-term maturity of the financial instruments.

The following table sets out the fair value profile of financial instruments that are carried at fair value and those not carried at fair value at the end of the reporting period:

| Fair Value Of Financial Instruments  Carried At Fair Value  Fair Value Of Financial Instruments  Not Carried At Fair Value  Total  Fair  Carrying  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Value  Amount  The Group  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  RM'000  2022  Financial Liability  Term loan  -  -  -  -  14,511  -  14,511  14,511  2021  Financial Liability  Term loan  -  -  -  -  14,511  -  14,511  14,511   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

68

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ( C o n t ' d ) Registration No: 198301000236 (95469-W)

## 27.  FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## 27.5 FAIR VALUE INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

## (a) Fair Value of Financial Instruments Carried at Fair Value

The fair values above have been determined using the following basis:

- (i) The fair value of quoted investments is determined at their quoted closing bid prices at the end of the reporting year.
- (ii) The fair value of club membership is determined by reference to current market price of such similar membership.

There were no transfer between level 1 and level 2 during the financial year.

## (b) Fair Value of Financial Instruments not Carried at Fair Value

The  fair  values,  which  are  for  disclosure  purposes,  have  been  determined  using  the following basis:

The fair value of the Group's term loan that carry floating interest rate approximated their carrying amounts as they are repriced to market interest rate on or near the reporting date.

## 28.  SIGNIFICANT  EVENT  DURING  THE  FINANCIAL  YEAR  AND  SUBSEQUENT  TO THE REPORTING DATE

On  11  March  2020,  the  World  Health  Organisation  declared  the  COVID-19  outbreak  as  global pandemic. Following the declaration, the Government of Malaysia has on 18 March 2020 imposed the Movement Control Order ('MCO') and subsequently entered into various phases of the MCO to curb the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic in Malaysia.

The Group's financial performance and cash flows for the current reporting period had been materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Nevertheless, the Group has taken and will continue to take necessary steps to safeguard and preserve its financial condition, emphasising on liquidity management to meet its continuing financial commitments and liquidity needs.

69

## PROPERTIES OWNED BY THE GROUP

P R O P E R T I E S  O W N E D  B Y  T H E  G R O U P

## As At 30 June 2022

| Location, Description and Usage  Approximate  Approximate  Carrying  Area  Age of Building  Amount  Sq. meter  Years  RM'000  MALAYSIA  State of Negeri Sembilan Darul Khusus  4 lots of land with a 10-storey resort hotel at  Lot 286, 288, 289 and 848, 3 1/2 km,  Jalan Pantai, Port Dickson  (Leases expire in 2059 and 2087)  (Date of acquisition: 1993)  55,760  27  17,575   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

Class of  Share  :   Ordinary share

Voting Rights   :   1 vote per ordinary share

## Substantial Shareholders

as per Register of  Substantial Shareholders

| Direct Interest  Deemed Interest  Name  No. of Shares  %  No. of Shares  %  1.  Tan Sri Dato' Khoo Kay Peng  -  -  634,551,922  68.32  2.  Malayan United Industries Berhad  -  -  634,551,922  68.32  3.  Loyal Design Sdn Bhd  358,496,163  38.59  -  -  4.  MUI Media Ltd  170,877,552  18.40  -  -  5.  Megawise Sdn Bhd  82,749,507  8.91  -  -  6.  Pan Malaysia Corporation Berhad  -  -  82,749,507  8.91  7.  KKP Holdings Sdn Bhd  -  -  634,551,922  68.32  8.  Soo Lay Holdings Sdn Bhd  -  -  634,551,922  68.32  9.  Norcross Limited  -  -  634,551,922  68.32  10.  Cherubim Investment (HK) Limited  -  -  634,551,922  68.32   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Distribution of  Shareholders

| Holdings  No. of Holders  %  No. of Shares  %  Less than 100 shares  401  5.83  15,433  0.00  100 to 1,000 shares  1,753  25.52  1,460,684  0.16  1,001 to 10,000 shares  3,079  44.82  14,285,493  1.54  10,001 to 100,000 shares  1,277  18.59  49,329,308  5.31  100,001 to less than 5% of issued shares  357  5.20  251,653,271  27.09  5% and above of issued shares  3  0.04  612,123,222  65.90  Total  6,870  100.00  928,867,411  100.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30 Largest Registered Shareholders

| Name  No. of Shares  1.  Loyal Design Sdn Bhd  358,496,163  38.59  2.  MUI Media Ltd  170,877,552  18.40  3.  Megawise Sdn Bhd  82,749,507  8.91  4.  AMSEC Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Ambank (M) Berhad for Chan Sow Keng  37,805,200  4.07  5.  Acquiline Sdn Bhd  22,428,700  2.41  6.  Lee Kim Soon  8,703,900  0.94  7.  CGS-CIMB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Hee Yuen Sang  6,000,000  0.65  8.  UOB Kay Hian Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - For UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd  4,500,000  0.48  9.  Tay Mong Kwee  4,300,000  0.46  10.  Lim Hock Siang  4,134,600  0.45  11.  TA Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Ker Cherk Yee  3,661,000  0.39  12.  Tan Kok Hooi  3,400,000  0.37   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As At 3 October 2022

%

PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD

ANALYSIS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

(Cont'd)

## 30 Largest Registered Shareholders (Cont'd)

| Name  No. of Shares  %  13.  Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Yu Chong Choo  3,347,000  0.36  14.  PM Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Koh Peck Guan  2,998,600  0.32  15.  CGS-CIMB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Quay Chew Jin  2,989,000  0.32  16.  Koh Lee Mui  2,830,000  0.30  17.  Kenanga Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  -  Rakuten Trade Sdn Bhd for Loke Meng Chong  2,625,000  0.28  18.  Maybank Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Kandasamy A/L Periasamy  2,618,600  0.28  19.  B-OK Sdn Bhd  2,600,000  0.28  20.  Fong Kok Sang  2,550,700  0.27  21.  Foo Chu Jong  2,450,000  0.26  22.  Ong Yew Beng  2,200,000  0.24  23.  Public Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Tey Heong Tiong  2,000,000  0.22  24.  Bank Kerjasama Rakyat Malaysia Berhad  1,985,751  0.21  25.  Siaw Seen Long  1,880,000  0.20  26.  Dato' Sri Ker Cherk Yee  1,800,000  0.19  27.  Yew Hock Ming  1,688,200  0.18  28.  CGS-CIMB Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Huam Hong Ping  1,500,000  0.16  29.  Ng Lee Kian  1,343,000  0.14  30.  Alliancegroup Nominees (Tempatan) Sdn Bhd  - Securities Account for Yap Ching Yoong  1,337,000  0.14  Total  747,799,473  80.47   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

✄

## FORM OF PROXY

## IMPORTANT!

Please take note that all the fields underlined in this proxy form are mandatory and must be completed in full and accurately.  The  Company  reserves  the  right  to  invalidate  and/or  reject  any  proxy  form  which  is  not  complete  or accurately filled in.

CDS Account Number

No.  of Shares Held

I/We NRIC/Company No. of Tel. No. being a member of PAN MALAYSIA HOLDINGS BERHAD hereby appoint \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ NRIC No. of    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (percentage of shareholding represented: %) and, NRIC No. of    \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (percentage of shareholding represented: %) or failing him/her, the Chairman of the meeting, as my/our proxy to vote for me/us and on my/our behalf at the 39th Annual General Meeting ('AGM') of the Company to be held virtually through live streaming from the Broadcast Venue at Corus 1, Level 1, Corus Hotel Kuala Lumpur, Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur on Thursday, 8 December 2022 at 2.00 p.m. and at any adjournment thereof, and to vote as indicated below:

| Resolutions  For  Against  1.  To approve Directors' Fees of RM53,897.  2.  To approve Directors' Benefits (other than Directors' Fees) of  up to RM36,000.  3.  To  re-elect  Puan  Farizon  binti  Ibrahim  as  Director  of  the  Company.  4.  To re-appoint Crowe Malaysia PLT as auditors of the Company  and to authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration.  5.  Proposed  retention  of  Puan  Farizon  binti  Ibrahim  as  Independent Non-Executive Director.  6.  Proposed  authority  to  allot  and  issue  shares  pursuant  to  Sections 75 and 76 of the Companies Act 2016.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(Please indicate with an 'X' how you wish to cast your vote. If you do not do so, the proxy will vote or abstain from voting at his discretion.)

Seal

Signature

Signed this day of 2022.

Notes:

1.   The Broadcast Venue is strictly  for  the  purpose  of  complying  with  Section  327(2)  of  the  Companies  Act  2016 which requires the Chairman of the meeting to be present at the main venue of the 39th AGM. No Members or proxies shall be allowed to be physically present at the Broadcast Venue on the day of the 39th AGM.

Please refer to the Administrative Guide to Shareholders for the detailed steps on the RPV facilities.

2.   Only  members whose names appear on the Record of Depositors as at 25 November 2022 shall be entitled to attend and vote at the meeting or appoint proxy(ies) to attend and vote on their behalf.
3. A  member entitled to attend and vote may not appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote at the same meeting. A member who is an authorised nominee as defined under the Securities Industry (Central Depositories) Act 1991, may appoint one proxy only in respect of each securities account it holds. Where a member is an exempt authorised nominee to multiple beneficial owners in one securities account ('omnibus account'), there is no limit to the number of proxies which the exempt authorised nominee may appoint in respect of each omnibus account it holds.
4. Where two or more proxies are appointed, the proportion of shareholdings to be represented by each proxy must be specified in the instrument appointing the proxies, failing which the appointments shall be invalid.
5. The Form of Proxy shall be in writing under the hand of the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in writing or if such appointor is a corporation, under its common seal or under the hand of the attorney.
6.   The Form of Proxy must be deposited in the following manner, not less than 48 hours before the time appointed for holding the meeting or any adjournment thereof:
6. (i) Hardcopy form (applicable for all members)

<!-- image -->

The original signed Form of Proxy must be deposited with the Share Registrar of the Company, Tricor Investor &amp;  Issuing  House  Services  Sdn  Bhd  at  Unit  32-01,  Level  32,  Tower  A,  Vertical  Business  Suite,  Avenue  3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan  Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia or alternatively, the Customer Service Centre at Unit G-3, Ground Floor, Vertical Podium, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.

- (ii)  TIIH Online

You  may  also  submit  the  Form  of  Proxy  electronically  via  TIIH  Online  website  at  https://tiih.online  by following the procedures provided in the Administrative Guide for this 39th AGM.

7.    Pursuant to the Bursa Malaysia Securities Berhad Main Market Listing Requirements, all the resolutions set out in this Notice will be put to vote by way of poll.

STAMP

The Share Registrar for Pan Malaysia Holdings Berhad (Registration No.: 198301000236 (95469-W)) Tricor Investor &amp; Issuing House Services Sdn. Bhd. Unit 32-01, Level 32, Tower A, Vertical Business Suite, Avenue 3, Bangsar South, No. 8, Jalan Kerinchi, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia

<!-- image -->