## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

## FORM 10-K

Annual report pursuant to section 13 and 15(d)

Filing Date:

2023-03-03 | Period of Report:

2022-12-31

SEC Accession No. 0000950170-23-005995

(HTML Version on secdatabase.com)

## FILER

Paymentus Holdings, Inc.

CIK:

1841156

| IRS No.:

000000000

| State of Incorp.:

DE

| Fiscal Year End:

1231

Type:

10-K

| Act:

34

| File No.:

001-40429 | Film No.:

23703936

SIC:

7389 Business services, nec

Mailing Address 11605 N. COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD SUITE 300 CHARLOTTE NC 28277

Business Address

11605 N. COMMUNITY HOUSE ROAD SUITE 300 CHARLOTTE NC 28277 (888) 440-4826

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

- ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from            to

Commission File Number: 001-40429

## Paymentus Holdings, Inc.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

Delaware

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

11605 N. Community House Road, Suite 300 Charlotte, NC

(Address of principal executive offices)

(888) 440-4826

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

PAY

New York Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐

No ☒

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act.  Yes

☐

No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation

S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of

the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☒

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company

☐

Emerging growth company ☒

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

45-3188251

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

28277

(Zip Code)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit

report. ☐

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).  Yes

☐

No ☒

As of February 28, 2023, there were 19,987,016 shares of the Registrant's Class A common stock outstanding and 103,306,842 shares of the Registrant's Class B common stock outstanding. The aggregate market value of the Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately $211.0 million based on the closing sale price of the Class A common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on that date of $13.37 per share.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after the Registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.

## Table of Contents

| Page  PART I  Item 1.  Business  7  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  19  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  51  Item 2.  Properties  51  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  51  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  52  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of  Equity Securities  52  Item 6.  [Reserved]  53  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  53  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  67  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  68  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  99  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  99  Item 9B.  Other Information  101  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  101  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  102  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  102  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  102  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  102  Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  102  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  103  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  106  Signatures  107   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS

Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section of this report titled 'Risk Factors.' The following is a summary of the principal risks we face, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects:

- Our historical growth rate may not be sustainable or indicative of future growth, and our business could be harmed if we fail to manage our infrastructure to support future growth.
- If we are unsuccessful in establishing, growing or maintaining partnerships, our ability to compete could be impaired, and our operating results may suffer.
- If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset expected increases in our costs, or if the investments we make in our business fail to generate the expected benefits, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed and we may not be able to maintain profitability over the long term.
- Our sales efforts to large enterprises and large financial institutions involve considerable time and expense with long and unpredictable sales cycles.
- Widespread health issues or pandemics could have a material adverse impact on our employees, billers, financial institutions, partners, consumers and other key stakeholders, which could materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.
- We are subject to economic risk and inflationary pressures, the business cycles and credit risk of our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers, and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
- The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.
- Our revenue is sensitive to shifts in payment mix, and if more consumers start paying their bills by payment methods with lower transaction fees, it could materially impact our operating results.
- We expect fluctuations in our operating results, which will make it difficult to project future results and may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.
- We depend on payment processors, sponsor banks and third-party printers to process bill payments made on our platform, and our business, operating results and reputation could be harmed if we experience service interruptions related to these processors.
- We operate in an emerging and evolving market, which may develop more slowly or differently than we expect. If our market does not grow as we expect, or if we cannot expand our platform to meet the demands of this market, our revenue may decline or fail to grow.
- Our risk management efforts may not be effective to prevent fraudulent activities, which could expose us to material financial losses and liability and otherwise harm our business.
- If we lose our founder and chief executive officer or other key members of our management team, or if we are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed.
- If we fail to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations, standards and legal interpretations, including those related to payments, card network operations and other financial services, privacy, data protection and information security, our business could be materially harmed.
- Natural catastrophic events, pandemics and man-made problems such as power disruptions, computer viruses, security breaches and incidents and terrorism may disrupt our business.

- We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and if we fail to remediate these material weaknesses or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected.
- We may experience software and technology defects, undetected errors, development delays or other performance problems in our software and other technology used as part of our platform, which could damage biller, financial institution and partner relations, harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to substantial liability.

· If we fail to adequately obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired, our reputation could be harmed and we may lose valuable assets, generate less revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights.

· We and our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers and other third parties that use our platform obtain, provide and process a large amount of sensitive and personal data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

· The dual class structure of our common stock and our stockholders agreement have the effect of concentrating voting control with Accel-KKR, or AKKR, and our founder and chief executive officer, which limits or precludes your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future and may depress the market price of our Class A common stock.

· AKKR controls us, and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future.

· Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions renouncing our interest and expectation to participate in certain corporate opportunities identified by, or presented to, AKKR or its affiliates, which could create conflicts of interest and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by AKKR to itself, its affiliates or third parties instead of to us.

Our Risk Factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part.

## Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, such as those under the heading "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations", which statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements may involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from historical results or from any future results or projections expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as 'may,' 'will,' 'should,' 'expect,' 'plan,' 'anticipate,' 'could,' 'intend,' 'target,' 'project,' 'contemplate,' 'believe,' 'estimate,' 'predict,' 'potential' or 'continue' or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this report include statements about:

· our ability to effectively manage our growth and expand our operations;

· our ability to further attract, retain and expand our biller, financial institutions, partner and consumer base;

· our ability to timely implement and recognize revenue from new billers and financial institutions;

· our expectations regarding our revenue, expenses and other operating results;

- the impact of widespread health issues or pandemics on our operating results, liquidity and financial condition and on our employees, billers, financial institutions, partners, consumers and other key stakeholders;

· our market opportunity and anticipated trends in our business and industry;

· our ability to remain competitive as we continue to scale our business;

· our ability to develop new product features and enhance our platform;

· our ability to hire and retain experienced and talented employees as we grow our business;

· general economic conditions, including inflation, and their impact on consumer demand, average bill amounts and interchange fees;

· our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of past or future acquisitions or strategic investments in complementary companies, products or technologies and our ability to manage the potential business disruption and diversion of management attention caused by such acquisitions;

· our ability to maintain and enhance our brand;

· our plan to expand into new channels and industry verticals across different markets;

· our international expansion plans and ability to expand internationally, and

· the risk factors discussed under the heading "Risk Factors" in Item 1A herein.

We caution you that the foregoing list may not contain all of the forward-looking statements made in this report.

You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements primarily on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, including those described in the section titled 'Risk Factors' and elsewhere in this report. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this report. We cannot assure you that the results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements.

Neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the ultimate outcome of any of these forward-looking statements. Moreover, the forward-looking statements made in this report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this report to reflect

events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. You should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements.

In addition, statements that 'we believe' and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this report, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our

statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements.

## Certain Definitions

In this report, unless the context requires otherwise, all references to 'we,' 'our,' 'us,' 'Paymentus,' and the 'Company' refer to Paymentus Holdings, Inc., and where appropriate its consolidated subsidiaries.

## Item 1. Business

## PART I

## Overview

We are a leading provider of cloud-based bill payment technology and solutions. We deliver our next-generation product suite through a modern technology stack to more than 1,900 biller business and financial institution clients. Our platform was used by approximately 27 million consumers and businesses in North America in December 2022 to pay their bills, make money movements and engage with our clients. We serve billers of all sizes that primarily provide non-discretionary services across a variety of industry verticals, including utilities, financial services, insurance, government, telecommunications and healthcare. We also serve financial institutions by providing them with a modern platform that their customers use for bill payment, account-to-account transfers and person-to-person transfers. By powering this comprehensive network of billers and financial institutions, each with their own set of bill payment requirements, we believe we have created an enviable feedback loop that enables us to continuously drive innovation, grow our business and uniquely improve the electronic bill payment experience for participants in the bill payment ecosystem.

Our platform provides our clients with easy-to-use, flexible and secure electronic bill payment experiences powered by an omni-channel payment infrastructure that allows consumers to pay their bills using their preferred payment type and channel. Because our biller platform is developed on a single code base and leverages a Software-as-a-Service, or SaaS, infrastructure, we can rapidly deploy new features and tools to our entire biller base simultaneously. Through a single point of integration to our billers' core financial and operating systems, our mission-critical solutions provide our billers with a payments operating system that helps them collect revenue faster and more profitably and empower their consumers with the information and transparency needed to control their finances.

We extend our platform's reach through our Instant Payment Network®, or IPN. This is a proprietary network, consisting of tens of thousands of billers, that connects our integrated billing, payment and reconciliation capabilities with our IPN partners' platforms. Our IPN enables our partners, which include leading consumer technology providers, retailers and financial institutions, to access our next-generation electronic bill payment technology using the same integrated platform we provide directly to our billers. By being connected to our IPN, our IPN partners provide their consumers with the full capabilities of our next-generation product suite, including the ability to engage with and make payments to our large and growing base of billers. Those partners in turn expand our platform's reach to millions of additional consumers in the United States and globally.

Today, many billers and financial institutions rely on legacy bill payment systems that offer limited functionality, flexibility and extensibility. Billers traditionally rely on non-integrated multi-vendor solutions, which force consumers into a decentralized and fragmented experience. Similarly, financial institutions often lack the ability to view billing details or obtain payment confirmation and limit payment types to their own checking accounts. These legacy solutions result in inefficiencies in consumer communication, electronic bill presentment and payment capture, which we believe hinder a biller's ability to create a holistic and accurate perspective on its cash flow. For financial institutions, the inadequacies of legacy solutions can have a negative impact on digital engagement, retention and cross-selling.

We address these inefficiencies through our cloud-native, integrated single-vendor solution. Our platform supports omni-channel, electronic bill payments across multiple commerce channels, including online, mobile, interactive voice response, or IVR, call center, chatbot and voice-based assistants. As we do not charge development or implementation fees to billers, there is no minimum investment necessary for billers to achieve efficiencies from the use of our platform to replace some or all of their legacy bill payment systems or biller-direct solutions. We simplify how bills are paid and help billers collect revenue faster and more profitably because our platform is:

· Scalable: Enterprise-grade platform capable of supporting transaction growth for billers and financial institutions of all sizes across numerous industry verticals.

· Innovative: Artificial intelligence, or AI, and machine learning, or ML, algorithms power an omni-channel, end-to-end solution that adapts to new technologies and continuously learns from transaction activity.

- Flexible: Platform accessible through an array of application program interfaces, or APIs, software development kits, iFrames and fully hosted solutions that provide complete control over the user experience.
- Configurable: Reconfigurable business logic that allows us to quickly implement new functionality required by new and existing billers.

- Integrated: Our library of over 400 integrations to core accounting software systems, including customer information systems, or CIS (which are software systems used to efficiently manage customer processes and data and often include bill pay, customer service and forecasting and analytics tools), and enterprise resource planning, or ERP, systems (which are software systems used to collect, store, manage and interpret data from many business activities, typically including accounting systems); as well as core financial institution processing platforms and certain digital banking providers, helps connect disparate systems across the electronic bill payment value chain.
- Extensible: Adaptable to new technologies and emerging payment channels, such as pay-by-text, AI-based virtual assistants and social media payments.
- Secure: Multi-layer intrusion detection and prevention system, multi-factor authentication and encryption and tokenization designed for trust and security of transaction activity and information.

We seek to enhance our biller network to gain market share. We believe our ability to seamlessly serve billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers uniquely positions us at the center of a multi-sided network and enables us to drive a powerful, and accelerating, flywheel effect. Our robust platform attracts billers, financial institutions and partners seeking to build stronger relationships with their consumers. Adding more billers, financial institutions and partners extends our platform's reach to more consumers. These consumers drive more transactions to our platform, which strengthens biller, financial institution and partner retention and in turn accelerates our organic growth. As we scale, we seek to drive increases in our operating leverage, which in turn is expected to enable higher profitability and more efficient biller, financial institution and partner acquisition.

We rely on a diversified go-to-market strategy including direct sales, software and strategic partnerships, resellers and our IPN. While the direct sales channel is an important part of our business, we also rely on our software and strategic partners and resellers to deliver our solutions to our billers and financial institutions. Our software partners, such as Oracle, integrate our platform into their software products enabling us to power their bill payment capabilities. Our strategic partners, such as JPMorgan Chase, U.S. Bank, and a major payroll solutions provider, refer new billers to our platform and in many cases we jointly sell to prospective customers with our strategic partners. Some of our strategic partners, particularly banks, also integrate our solutions into their platforms to provide an integrated bill presentment and omni-channel bill payment solution to their customers, and as such they are also IPN partners.

Our IPN promotes more rapid adoption of our platform through partnerships with leading business networks, including:

- Banking Partners: We modernize the bill payment infrastructure of banks and credit unions of all sizes, empowering their digital banking consumers with fast, secure and omni-channel payment technology by seamlessly integrating our solution into their digital platforms.
- eCommerce Partner: We power electronic bill payments through the mobile app and AI-assistant voice service of a leading global ecommerce retailer, enabling millions of its users to retrieve information about, and pay, their bills for all billers on our network.
- PayPal: We enable PayPal's U.S. consumers to pay their bills directly from PayPal apps.
- Other Partners: Other partners benefit from our IPN in a variety of ways, such as enabling bill payment for consumers across the U.S.  For example, we enable Walmart's consumers to pay their bills either in-store at retail locations or online via Walmart's retail websites or mobile apps, and enable in-person cash payments at more than 90,000 retail locations in the Green Dot network.

## Industry Overview

We believe the bill payment industry is undergoing technological transformation as consumers, billers and financial institutions demand a straightforward and streamlined approach to electronic bill presentment and payment and consumer engagement. The following key trends are currently defining the industry:

## Electronic Bill Payment Requires an Integrated, Single-vendor Solution

As electronic bill payments continue to evolve with consumer preferences, billers and financial institutions demand an integrated single-vendor solution suite to remain competitive. A typical electronic bill payment experience requires the

coordination of multiple vendors for bill notification, presentment, various payment channels, call center support, and data and analytics. These vendors lack integration, which results in a fragmented consumer experience and increased cost to the biller. Billers and financial institutions that are able to access a single, integrated end-to-end solution are able to provide a seamless experience for their consumers.

## Billers and Consumers Are Underserved by Financial Institutions

Traditional financial institutions have been slow to adopt modern digital bill payment technologies and the legacy providers which the financial institutions rely on have failed to innovate. Over the last decade, U.S. online consumer bill payment volume made through a bank's bill payment solution has decreased significantly. We believe this reduction is driven by consistent under-investment by financial institutions and legacy providers in their bill payment platforms, resulting in a poor consumer experience. Generally, consumers must manually add billers to a financial institution's system and are generally limited to automated clearing house, or ACH, or other legacy payment channels rather than omni-channel payment capabilities. Ultimately, the lack of optionality and transparency inherent to a financial institution's bill payment solutions creates an opportunity that we seek to address.

## Emerging Payment Options Through Online and Mobile Channels Are Transforming the Market

Consumers are transacting anywhere and everywhere and through different channels. With the widespread use of mobile phones and home computers, consumer devices are becoming the aggregation point for billing information. As consumers move beyond paper checks and adopt emerging payment technologies, we believe the continued digitization of the bill payment industry will manifest through increased adoption of technologies such as pay by text, digital wallets and AI-based assistants. The emergence of these new technologies unlocks previously untapped opportunities to grow our network.

## Data Is Being Underutilized

Consumer bill payment transactions are rich repositories of data that can be used to significantly improve the electronic bill payment experience. We believe the bill payment industry has under-invested in the technology required to capture and analyze this data. As the industry continues to evolve around changing consumer preferences and the emergence of new payment technologies, data and analytics plays an increasingly important role in improving the full transaction value chain. Our proprietary transactional data creates workflow efficiencies and provides insights (such as payment methods depending on bill size and bill type) that strengthen the connection between billers and consumers.

## Our Platform and Solutions

Our biller platform is purpose-built to transform the way billers get paid and engage with their consumers. Our AI-driven SaaS platform provides a single-vendor solution that enhances the bill payment ecosystem with new functionality and added transparency. Our single code base architecture maximizes the inherent flexibility, extensibility and configurability of our solutions, which allows us to rapidly deploy our solutions to our billers.

Our platform for financial institutions reconnects the financial institutions to their customers by providing a frictionless, real-time financial hub where consumers can consolidate their financial obligations, pay bills, move money in real time and deepen their understanding of their own financial position. Customers get a centralized viewpoint over all their money movement needs and the financial institutions get insights into their customers' behavior than can inform a meaningful evolution of the customer experience.

## Single Point of Access

APIs: Our easy-to-use APIs enable billers, financial institutions and partners to seamlessly access the entirety of our network through a single connection.

iFrames: Enables our billers, financial institutions and partners to exercise more control over the user experience by customizing the business logic to meet their specific requirements. Many of our billers who use iFrames have in-house IT resources but use our infrastructure for payment processing and Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI-DSS compliance.

Fully Hosted: We also provide a fully hosted alternative for our billers. In this option, our hosted platform provides our billers the full power of our platform without incurring the cost of using their own IT resources.

## Technology Solutions

Engagement: We believe billers must regularly engage with their consumers using actionable and contextualized data. Our smart notifications and messaging tools enable billers to provide billing details to their consumers, such as account status, and directly communicate with them over secure channels.  Our engagement products help billers and financial institutions facilitate timely and secure bill payments, while driving digital adoption and reducing cost to serve.

Presentment: Consumers are increasingly demanding omni-channel access to their bills through their preferred engagement channels. Our solution offers electronic bill presentment across numerous channels including web, mobile,

9

text, secure PDF, email, IVR, chatbot, social media and through our IPN partners. Our electronic bill presentment products help billers maximize their reach to accelerate revenue realization and engage consumers more efficiently.

Empowerment: Our comprehensive suite of solutions empowers consumers and billers to customize, control and enhance the bill payment experience. Consumers can control communication preferences, multi-lingual capabilities, self-directed payment scheduling, multi-account management and dispute management. Billers are able to use automated case management and configurable reporting to quickly and comprehensively provide high-quality customer service.

Payment: We believe consumers demand an omni-channel payment experience that enables use of their preferred payment type and channel. Our secure and comprehensive omni-channel payment platform supports traditional and emerging payment technologies across multiple currencies and languages. Our platform supports electronic bill payments using credit, debit, ACH and digital wallets across a variety of payment channels, including web, mobile, IVR, text, secure PDF, chatbot, agent-assisted (call center), in-person, the AI-assistant voice service of a leading global ecommerce retailer, in Walmart and certain other retail stores, and through alternative payment rails such as PayPal. We support one-time payments, as well as future-dated, recurring and payment plan transactions.

Intelligence: Electronic bill payment transactions contain a rich volume of consumer and behavioral data that can improve the bill payment experience for billers and consumers. Our AI-powered analytics engine produces data-driven insights on consumer preferences, channel usage, bill lifecycles, messaging effectiveness and paper suppression and can be used by billers to improve the consumer experience. For example, our analytics engine can analyze frequently asked questions to call centers and enable billers to quickly predict answers to those questions in the future, creating a better consumer experience with reduced cost to serve for the biller.

## Technology Architecture

Single Code Base: Our extensible, cloud-based payments platform was built from the ground-up on a single code base with no versioning, which enables rapid deployment of new features and tools in part because there is no need to manage and reconcile separate versions of our software code. This flexibility empowers billers, financial institutions and partners across our network to offer their consumers the strength of our platform without paying us development or implementation fees.

AI / ML: Our biller platform uses AI and ML algorithms to increase efficiency and extract data-driven insights from transactions and interactions between consumers, billers, partners and our platform. These algorithms are embedded within, and enhance, each of our technology solutions to deliver a more intelligent and predictive consumer experience.

## Our Platform Features

The electronic bill payment process involves more than just a payment. It requires an end-to-end engagement mechanism that facilitates communication and payment between billers, partners and consumers to ensure timely and transparent payment through a frictionless consumer experience. Various features of our platform support this:

Consumer Engagement: We enable our billers to improve their consumer engagement with targeted communications, such as smart notifications, broadcast messaging, inbound and outbound communications, and campaign management, all of which are managed by our communications management tools. Our engagement modules allow billers to communicate with consumers based on desired characteristics such as regional location, due date, account status (such as late payment), or custom logic. Our billers can also communicate new offerings, incentives for payment and new payment types (such as PayPal). In 2022, our billers sent approximately 145 million emails, sent 40 million text messages and had over 2 million IVR calls using our communications modules.

Bill Presentment: Billers can present electronic bills and balance amounts through the biller's own mobile app, text, secure PDFs, IVR, and chatbots or via alternative channels such as digital wallets, the AI-assistant voice service of a leading global ecommerce retailer, PayPal's bill pay app, social media and our other IPN Partners.

Consumer and Biller Employee Empowerment: We enable billers and financial institutions to empower both their consumers and employees, which significantly increases consumer satisfaction and on-time bill payment rates for many of our billers. Billers and financial institutions are able to empower consumers with an array of choices:

· communications preferences - consumers can choose email, text, portal or otherwise;

· language preferences - consumers can select their preferred language for receiving billing information and interact via IVR;

· payment scheduling and type - consumers can schedule payments at specific times and use specific payment type to best suit their needs; and

· multi-account management - consumers can manage multiple accounts with a single provider in one place. 10

We offer complementary features to our biller's employees, including tools for automated case management, configurable reporting and 'see what they see' where the customer service employees can see exactly what the consumer sees to quickly resolve problems.

We have also made significant investments in research and development, including in an automated, streamlined onboarding experience to help our billers and financial institutions go live faster and in self-service features to help billers quickly adapt to consumer needs.

Payment Types: We have significantly invested in innovative payment types to provide billers a seamless, omni-channel suite of tools. We believe no other provider in our markets offers a similar array of easy-to-implement options.

These features are seamlessly integrated with our engagement and empowerment tools to provide a superior consumer biller and financial institutions experience. Our platform supports a variety of payment types, including:

- ACH and eCheck;
- debit card;
- credit card; and
- emerging payment types.

Emerging payment types include PayPal, Venmo, PayPal Credit, Apple Pay, Google Pay and Amazon Pay. These payment types are gaining increasing traction with consumers, and as a result, are viewed as increasingly important by billers and financial institutions.

Payment Channels: Our platform offers an omni-channel payment infrastructure, which means that it enables bill payments through all the traditional payment channels billers and consumers expect, as well as many emerging payment channels. These include web portal, mobile, IVR, text, secure PDF, chatbot, agent-assisted (call center), in-person, the AI-assistant voice service of a leading global ecommerce retailer, in Walmart stores and through alternative payment rails such as PayPal. Key features and examples of several of these channels are described and illustrated in the following pages.

Chatbot: Enable billers to engage with consumers through an automated, AI-powered interface that constantly improves the customer service experience through data-driven insights.

PayPal App: Leveraging our APIs, PayPal's U.S. consumers can pay their bills directly from PayPal.

Secure Service: Our patented Secure Service feature enables billers to accept payments over the phone while minimizing PCI-DSS compliance risk. Many billers avoid accepting payment information over the phone by directing consumers to websites or automated phone systems, which creates poor experiences and results in abandoned payments. Our Secure Service allows the biller's employee and the consumer to remain connected throughout the process, while removing the biller's employee from PCI-DSS scope by concealing payment details. As a result, the transaction is able to be completed securely and the consumer can be returned to the same employee directly on completion.

AI-assistant Voice Service: We power bill payments for the AI-assistant voice service of a leading global ecommerce retailer, enabling millions of its users to retrieve information about, and pay, their bills for all billers on our network using voice commands.

Text-based: Pay by text leverages our text based bill presentment technology for a text payment authorization, which then uses stored payment types in the consumer's account.

IVR: Interactive voice response is a powerful tool to make payments and check balances, and is available in multi-lingual options.

Agent-assisted Call Center Payments: Our agent-assisted call center capability enables a biller to support and assist their consumers with bill payments and other related issues.

Portal: Our bill payment portal enables billers to provide advanced usage and consumption data to their consumers such as power use by day.

In-person Payments: We also power in-person payments, which include payments at kiosks or a counter for point-of-sale transactions. This is particularly appealing for many billers who may have a local customer service center.

Payment Timing: We support an array of timing alternatives including one-time guest payments, recurring payments, future-dated payments, multiple payments and payment plans.

## What Sets Us Apart

Paymentus was built on the notion that existing bill payment systems are not equipped to handle how bills will be paid in the future. Our platform is a cloud-native solution that automates the entire bill payments lifecycle between billers and financial institutions and consumers through a single integration, simplifying how consumers pay bills and accelerating billers' revenue recognition through the following characteristics:

· Scalable: Our mission-critical platform is designed to support high velocity throughput of daily, non-discretionary consumer bill payments. Our platform is capable of scaling up market to serve large billers, each processing payments for millions of bills per month, while also serving smaller billers, each processing payments for one bill per month. In 2022, we processed approximately 365 million payments and an average of one million payments were made each day using our platform.

· Innovative: Our AI-enabled, SaaS architecture is the foundation of our unified platform. Our ML algorithms continuously learn and self-improve from transaction activity on our platform. Our platform and our intensely client-centric approach inform our product development strategy, enabling us to offer new features and functionality that improve our value proposition to our billers.

· Flexible: We support multiple integration modalities to enhance our billers' and financial institutions' ability to consume the full breadth of our platform. Some of our billers and financial institutions use our APIs or iFrames, which offer more control over the user experience, but require our infrastructure for payment processing and PCI-DSS compliance. Other billers use our fully hosted solution because they lack requisite IT resources and must leverage our technology and customer support systems to offer an electronic bill payment experience. We also allow our billers financial institutions to adopt a hybrid approach that leverages our APIs for certain environments.

· Configurable: Our platform can rapidly and cost-effectively reconfigure our business logic to accommodate the specific requirements of the different end markets we serve. In 2022, approximately 75% of new biller implementations were completed without any code changes or significant development costs. Once configured, we can use these solutions with new and existing billers to expand into new verticals and geographies.  For example, in 2022, we extended our platform to support configurable payment plans for a biller in the healthcare vertical. Features deployed include, but are not limited to, early payment discounts based on business rules and permission-based negotiated payments. The capabilities have subsequently been leveraged to support use cases in other verticals and customer implementations without requiring code changes to our platform. By developing products through this platform approach, we believe we are able to drive additional growth and expand the reach of our platform efficiently.

· Integrated: Our library of over 400 integrations to core accounting software systems, including leading CIS and ERP systems as well as core financial institution processing platforms and certain digital banking providers, helps connect disparate systems across the electronic bill payment value chain. Our billers gain access to the entirety of our biller platform through an easy-to-deploy, single point of access. These integrations allow us to own and control the key components of the electronic bill payment value chain, including accounting and back-end integrations to CIS and ERP systems. Our portfolio of integrations span hundreds of software versions - some of which are decades old but still in use today by many of our billers - which enables us to rapidly integrate with billers and financial institutions. We believe competitors would need to invest significant time and resources in order to replicate our software integration portfolio.

· Extensible: Our platform is designed to integrate with new payment and consumer engagement technologies as well as new software, strategic and IPN partners. For example, through integrations with PayPal and a leading global ecommerce retailer, we have extended our platform to hundreds of millions of new consumers who wish to interact with billers in the PayPal app or through the AI-assistant voice service of a leading global ecommerce retailer.

· Secure: Biller, financial institution, partner and consumer security is of paramount importance to our business. Our PCI-DSS-compliant platform offers an intrusion detection and prevention system, multi-factor authentication and encryption and tokenization capabilities. We enforce our security policies and procedures through regular internal and third party audits, 24/7 digital monitoring, continued education and sophisticated technology tools.

## Our Network

We believe our innovative technology platform enables us to sit at the nexus of a powerful multi-sided network of billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers. We use the power of this network to enhance the number of product features each biller uses to promote transaction growth. Our portfolio data shows that payment adoption is highly

12

correlated to feature utilization. By increasing feature usage, we believe we will realize an increase in transaction volume from our billers.

## Our Billers

Our innovative technology platform empowers billers to offer electronic bill payment acceptance across multiple payment types, engage with their consumers and streamline their business operations efficiently and cost-effectively. We attract billers to our platform because our platform modernizes their payment infrastructure and helps them collect revenue faster and more profitably. Our platform is capable of posting payments directly to billers' systems, which simplifies revenue operations and strengthens the relationship we have with billers.

## Our Financial Institutions

Our network connects our financial institutions to thousands of billers and sources of money movement including virtually every bank and credit union in the US, debit card and credit card payments and multiple digital wallets. The network also enables consumers to make loan payments to our financial institutions from our other network partners. By using open application programming interfaces, or APIs, software development kit, or SDK, widgets and single-sign-on, or SSO, interfaces, our financial institutions have complete flexibility and control over how they integrate and deliver their services including modern digital bill presentment, payment and money movement services.

## Value Proposition to Billers and Financial Institutions

Flexible and Integrated Platform: Billers and financial institutions can offer their consumers a variety of traditional and emerging payment and engagement technologies that enable the billers to collect revenue faster and drive improved customer satisfaction, while reducing costs such as their PCI-DSS compliance burden. Billers and financial institutions have the flexibility to integrate directly to our platform through APIs, iFrames or a fully hosted solution, which allows them to cost-effectively select and customize our solutions to fit their specific requirements. Because our platform is flexible and scalable, we believe our value proposition applies to all billers whether they ultimately choose to use our platform for all of their bills or continue using legacy bill payment systems or biller-direct solutions together with our solutions.

Long-term Growth and Operating Leverage: The scalability of our platform allows billers and financial institutions to capitalize on growth opportunities for their business. While helping billers grow their revenue, we also help reduce costs by leveraging our integrated technology architecture to automate manual workflows, which reduces error-prone manual data entry and efficiently reconciles payments to backend financial and operating systems.

## Our Partners

As our biller base expands, we attract market-leading software, strategic and IPN partners that use our platform to power bill payment experiences within their ecosystems. Our innovative platform facilitates a modern bill presentment, consumer engagement and bill payment experience for our partners' customers, regardless of partner type.

Software Partners: Our software partners include large third-party technology providers, such as Oracle, which integrate our platform into their software suites to power bill payments for their customers and refer billers and financial institutions to us. For example, ERP providers integrate our platform into their own suite of solutions to offer a comprehensive solution set that enhances their ERP software with bill presentment, consumer engagement and bill payment capabilities. In certain cases, we have revenue sharing arrangements with our software partners based on our transaction fees. In other cases, rather than a revenue sharing arrangement, we and our software partner mutually benefit from the partnership as the software partner can offer a more comprehensive solution and stronger value proposition to its customers and we receive broader reach to potential billers and consumers, an efficient biller acquisition channel and stronger biller retention from an integrated solution.

Strategic Partners: Similar to our software providers, our strategic partners refer billers to us and, in many cases, integrate our solutions into their platforms. Our strategic partners, including JPMorgan Chase, U.S. Bank, and a major payroll solutions provider, work with us to offer bill presentment, consumer engagement and bill payment capabilities to their customers, which are billers. For example, a large commercial bank has many business clients who seek to improve and streamline the bill presentment and bill payment experience for their consumers. In that case, the large commercial bank partners with us to sell a joint solution. In other cases, the commercial bank may prefer to sell a white-labeled solution, which it obtains from us. Both co-sale and white-label arrangements typically involve revenue sharing agreements with the strategic partner based on the transaction fees we receive.

IPN Partners: Our IPN partners work with us to gain access to broader biller networks and provide their consumers with innovative technology to streamline bill payments. Our IPN partners include PayPal, for which we power bill payment capabilities, a leading global ecommerce retailer, through which we offer electronic bill presentment and payment via its AI-assistant voice service and mobile app, Walmart, for which we enhance in-person bill payment capability at Walmart

13

Money Centers, and Green Dot, to enable in-person cash payments at more than 90,000 retail locations in the Green Dot network. Unlike software and strategic partners, IPN partners typically have direct interactions with consumers, and leverage our platform to connect to our biller network. Through this connection, consumers can initiate bill payments through our IPN partners, which we route to the billers. There are many types of IPN partners, including consumer networks, retailers, banks and financial institutions. We offer consumer networks and retailers increased engagement with consumers by enabling streamlined bill presentment payment experiences for an array of billers through their networks. We similarly offer banks and financial institutions increased engagement with their retail clients. For IPN partners, we will typically receive a fee per transaction processed through our platform and in some cases we pay a referral fee to IPN partners.

Multiple Roles for Partners: Notably, partners may fit into multiple categories, particularly banks and financial institutions. For example, a bank can be a biller, a strategic partner and an IPN partner. As a biller, the bank generates bills, such as mortgage and credit card statements. As a strategic partner, the same bank uses our platform to power an omni-channel bill payment experience for a commercial customer of the bank. In this way, that commercial customer becomes a new biller for our network. Finally, as an IPN partner, the same bank leverages our IPN network to enable a more robust bill payment experience for its business customers and consumers by, for example, enabling its business customers and those businesses' consumers to pay bills using alternative payment channels, such as PayPal. For clarity, financial institutions may also be customers where the financial institution uses our platform to provide bill payment and other money movement services directly to consumers and businesses.

## Value Proposition to Partners

Higher Consumer Satisfaction: Partners gain access to our network of billers and can provide turnkey electronic bill payment functionality to their consumers through flexible integration options. By integrating our platform into their ecosystems, partners can provide a more comprehensive solution and drive higher customer satisfaction.

Access to Innovative Technology Solutions: As consumers demand a more seamless and secure experience, partners require consumer engagement and payment technology that caters to the latest consumer trends. Our platform offers cutting edge technology that enables partners to grow mind and wallet share with their consumers.

## Our Billers', Financial Institutions' and Partners' Consumers

As our platform reaches more consumers, we capture and monetize more payment transactions. In December 2022, approximately 27 million consumers and businesses used our platform to pay their bills. As consumers increasingly demand omni-channel bill payment solutions for more of their bills, we attract more billers and partners who look to our platform to meet that demand.

## Value Proposition to Consumers

Next-Generation Electronic Bill Payment Tools: Consumers gain access to advanced payments functionality to streamline their omni-channel bill payment experience. Consumers can view and pay bills through a variety of payment channels and types, engage with their billers, financial institutions and retrieve actionable insights regarding their payments and billing history.

Control Over Financial Health: Consumers gain added control and visibility over their financial health on a daily basis through the advanced tools and features we provide. Our platform allows consumers to set the terms of their bill payments in a way that best suits their needs.

## Growth Strategies

We intend to leverage our products and industry presence to establish our platform as the industry standard for electronic bill payments for billers, financial institutions and partners globally. Key elements of this strategy include:

## Continue to Win New Billers, Financial Institutions and Partners

We believe the majority of billers and financial institutions use inferior electronic bill payment platforms. We plan to continue winning new billers, financial institutions and partners by investing in the growth of our IPN, expanding our diversified go to market strategies and strengthening our value proposition. We intend to continue winning market share through a superior product offering that is easy to integrate and provides a feature-rich experience for our billers, partners and consumers.

## Grow with Existing Billers, Financial Institutions and Partners

We believe we have a significant opportunity to leverage the full scope of our highly scalable model to drive further adoption of our platform with existing billers, financial institutions and partners, including our IPN partners. We believe

adding product features and additional functionality enables us to capture more electronic bill payments, strengthens our biller and partner retention and ultimately generate more transaction revenue.

## Expand into New Channels and Industry Verticals

We intend to leverage our platform to expand into new channels and new industry verticals. In particular, we anticipate growth of our IPN and additional partnerships with leading business networks to drive further expansion into new channels, such as PayPal's bill pay app. We also intend to continue to cost-effectively expand into new verticals and expect that our expansion efforts will center on verticals with favorable bill payment characteristics such as recurring payments for non-discretionary, essential services, similar to our previous expansion into the healthcare and insurance verticals. Our configurability and platform approach to new feature development enables us to cost-effectively extend products that were initially designed for an existing vertical into powerful use cases for new verticals.

## Build New Products

We believe the significant investments we have made in our technology platform are a core differentiator of our business. As billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers adopt new consumer engagement and bill payment technologies, we intend to continue investing in our platform in order to create innovative features and add emerging payment types that further enhance the bill payment experience.

## Leverage our Platform to Expand Internationally

We believe there is global demand for electronic bill payment technology among billers and financial institutions with international consumers and partners that serve international billers and financial institutions. Although substantially all of our revenue is generated in the United States, many of our largest domestic billers also serve billable consumers in international geographies and several of our domestic partners maintain international operations. We believe this presents us with a large opportunity to expand internationally without needing to significantly increase international headcount or retain local resources to initially serve international markets. Our international growth strategy is focused on leveraging our existing biller and partner relationships and we believe our platform is well-positioned to quickly adapt to local payment channels and regulatory schemes. In particular, we anticipate that our near-term international growth opportunities will come through our U.S.-based billers, financial institutions or partners seeking a technology platform to power bill presentment and payment in international markets within their existing industry verticals, as well as through our larger partners that serve international billers and financial institutions. We also expect to expand our existing presence in Canada and India over time, both within current and new industry verticals.

## Pursue Selective Strategic Acquisitions

We plan to pursue strategic acquisitions that we believe will be complementary to our existing solutions, enhance our technology and increase the value proposition we deliver to our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers. For example, we may pursue acquisitions that we believe will help us expand within existing or new industry verticals and channels, accelerate our biller growth or enter new markets.

## Go-to-Market Strategy

We employ a diversified go-to-market strategy that leverages targeted marketing efforts, a direct sales team and relationships with technology partners and resellers as we seek to acquire billers and financial institutions in an efficient manner. Our marketing strategy targets prospective billers and financial institutions through industry- and role-based marketing efforts at trade shows and industry events, direct marketing and social media programs. We also leverage partnerships and referral relationships of various types.

Our direct sales team is responsible for outbound lead generation, driving new business and helping to manage account relationships and renewals. Our sales team also maintains close relationships with existing billers and financial institutions and acts as an advisor to each biller to help identify and understand their specific needs, challenges, goals and opportunities.

We also leverage strong relationships with our partners to extend the reach of our platform and receive new biller referrals. Our software partners, including Oracle, integrate our platform into their software products, enabling us to power their bill payment capabilities for their consumers. Our strategic partners, including JPMorgan Chase, U.S. Bank and a major payroll solutions provider, also refer new billers to our platform. Our software is regularly integrated with our software

partners' offerings and with the software suites of other market-leading software providers commonly used by our billers, including SAP and Guidewire, in each case to power electronic bill payment functions for our billers and their consumers.

15

We also believe we benefit from the significant reach of our IPN. Through partnerships with PayPal, a leading global ecommerce retailer and financial institution partners, our platform reaches millions of consumers. Jointly delivering our platform with our software and strategic partners provides consistency of approach and a high-quality experience for billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers.

## Competition

Our primary competition has historically been legacy solution providers and systems internally developed by financial institutions for bill presentment and payment services. The legacy solution providers have generally either served the financial services or the biller market individually. In both markets, legacy solution providers offer solutions for in-person cash payments, check-based mail payments, prior-generation IVR, phone-based payments and web-based payments, as well as a variety of point solutions for various payment needs. These solutions are often built via acquisitions and frequently not well integrated based on data architectures.

In the financial services market, providers integrate into a bank's online banking system. They offer access to a limited number of electronic bills, so only a fraction can be reviewed before deciding on payment. Once the consumer decides to pay the bill, the provider generally only allows for one type of payment, limiting the ability of consumers to use credit or other alternatives. The bank-based payments are slow, sometimes taking up to three days to reach a biller, so a consumer is not able to make a same-day payment.

In the biller-direct market, legacy providers have been slow to respond to biller and consumer needs because their systems are expensive to maintain and are not nimble enough to keep up with the pace of innovation. As a result, they do not offer the breadth of channels and payment methods demanded by consumers, nor the integration and analytics capabilities required by billers.  We also compete on pricing, particularly in certain lower-margin industries where lower cost pricing can outweigh higher product quality and an enhanced customer experience.

We believe these solutions lack the modern infrastructure necessary to provide billers, financial institutions and consumers with an omni-channel electronic bill payment experience enhanced by AI, ML and contextualized data. We believe the strength and agility of our platform will drive our success in growing our business by demonstrating to billers, financial institutions and partners that our platform delivers superior business outcomes to those of third-party vendors or internally developed systems.

While competitive factors and their relative importance can vary, in general, we will be assessed on a number of factors including security, reliability, breadth and depth of functionality, ease of deployment and implementation speed, total cost of ownership and return on investment, customer satisfaction, customer service, partnerships, brand awareness and reputation and the ability to provide contextualized and actionable data-driven insights that improve the transaction experience. We believe we compete favorably on all of these factors.

## Intellectual Property

We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and contractual rights, to protect our proprietary software and our brands. We have obtained or applied for patent protection in the United States on certain material aspects of our proprietary technologies and we have registered or applied to register certain of our trademarks in the United States. In addition to the intellectual property that we own, we license certain technologies and intellectual property from third parties, including software that is incorporated in our platform. We generally control access to and use of our software and other proprietary or confidential information through the use of internal and external controls, including entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with both our employees and third parties who have access to our software and other confidential information.

As of December 31, 2022, we held 22 issued U.S. patents and one issued Canadian patent related to our proprietary technologies. As of December 31, 2022, we also held one allowed, seven published and two pending U.S. patent applications, and three pending PCT patent applications. If our currently issued patents are maintained until the end of their terms, they will expire between 2025 and 2040. The expiration of these patents is not reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, we owned 10 registered U.S. trademarks and one registered trademark in each of the European Union, India, Japan, New Zealand and United Kingdom. We also held 10 pending trademark applications in the U.S., two pending trademark applications in each of China and India, and one pending trademark application in each of Australia and Canada.

For additional discussion of how intellectual property protection affects our business, see the section titled 'Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Technology and Intellectual Property.'

## Government Regulation

Various aspects of our business and service areas are subject to U.S. federal, state, and local regulation, as well as regulation outside the United States. Certain of our services are also subject to rules promulgated by various card and payment networks and other authorities, as more fully described below. These descriptions are not exhaustive, and these laws, regulations and rules frequently change and are increasing in number.

Our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers store personal and business information, financial information and other sensitive information on our platform. In addition, we receive, store, handle, transmit, use and otherwise process personal and business information and other data from and about actual and prospective billers, financial institutions and partners, as well as our employees and service providers. As a result, we and our handling of data are subject to a variety of laws, rules and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security, including regulation by various governmental authorities, such as the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, and various state, local and foreign agencies. Our data handling and processing activities are also subject to contractual obligations and industry standard requirements. The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have also adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use, and storage of data relating to individuals and businesses, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising, and other communications with individuals and businesses. The legislative and regulatory landscapes for privacy, data protection and information security continue to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide, with an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business.

In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the security, collection, processing, storage, use, disclosure and other processing of certain types of data, including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, and state and local laws relating to privacy and data security. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general have interpreted and are continuing to interpret federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, processing and security of data. In addition, many states in which we operate have enacted laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal data, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, and the California Privacy Rights Act, or CPRA, in California. Certain other state laws impose similar privacy obligations, such as in New York, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah, and all 50 states have laws including obligations to provide notification of security breaches of computer databases that contain personal information to affected individuals, state officers and others. In addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union, or EU, have established their own laws, rules and regulations addressing privacy, data protection and information security with regard to the handling and processing of sensitive and personal data obtained from their residents with which we or our billers, financial institutions or partners may need to comply. These laws and regulations, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, are in certain cases more restrictive than those in the United States. Because we process individually identifiable protected health information in certain cases, we are also subject to certain obligations under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, as well as certain state laws and related contractual obligations.

We are also subject to the rules and standards of Visa, Mastercard, American Express, the National Automated Clearinghouse Association, or NACHA, and INTERAC and other payment networks and their participants. In order to provide our payment processing services, we must be registered either indirectly or directly as service providers with the payment networks that we use. As such, we are subject to applicable card association and payment network rules, standards and regulations, which impose various requirements and could subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by such associations or networks for certain acts or omissions. Card associations and payment networks and their member financial institutions regularly update and generally expand security expectations and requirements related to the security of consumer data and environments. Failure to comply with the networks' requirements, or to pay the fees or fines they may impose, could result in the suspension or termination of our registration with the relevant payment networks and therefore require us to limit or cease providing the relevant payment processing services. It could also cause existing billers, financial institutions or partners, their consumers or other third parties to cease using or referring our services or prospective billers, financial institutions or partners to terminate negotiations with us.

Further, we and our billers, financial institutions and partners are subject to a variety of U.S. state and federal laws, rules and regulations related to telemarketing, recording and monitoring of communications, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, or TCPA, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act, or CAN-SPAM Act and others, because our platform enables our billers and partners to communicate directly with their consumers, including via e-mail, text messages and calls, and also enables recording and monitoring of calls between our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers for training and quality assurance purposes.

In addition to the laws and regulations described above, various regulatory agencies in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions continue to examine a wide variety of issues which are or may be applicable to us and may impact our business. These issues include payments, identity theft, account management guidelines, privacy, disclosure rules,

cybersecurity and marketing. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, and several states have recently provided guidance or prohibitions against the use of convenience or similar 'pay-to-pay' fees in certain industries that may impact us and our billers. The laws and regulations relating to financial services, privacy, data protection and information security are evolving, can be subject to significant change and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. As our business continues to develop and expand, including internationally, we continue to monitor the additional laws and regulations that may become relevant. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with legal and regulatory requirements may result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses or registrations, loss of approved status, private litigation, including class action litigation, consent decrees and injunctions, regulatory or governmental investigations, administrative enforcement actions, sanctions, civil and criminal liability, damages, fines, penalties, adverse publicity, reputational damage and constraints on our ability to continue to operate.

For additional discussion on governmental regulation and payment network operating rules affecting our business, please see the section titled 'Risk Factors-Risks Related to Regulation.'

## Employees and Human Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2022, we employed 1,260 full-time employees and no part-time employees. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or are party to a collective bargaining agreement, and we have had no labor-related work stoppages. We believe that we have good relationships with our employees.

Our employees are our most critical assets. The success and growth of our business depends on our ability to attract, reward, retain, and develop diverse, talented, and high-performing employees at all levels of our organization, while sustaining an environment of anti-discrimination that ensures equal access to opportunities. To succeed in an ever-changing and competitive labor market, we have developed human capital management strategies, objectives and measures that drive recruitment and retention, support business performance, advance innovation and foster employee development. Our human capital strategies and objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees and consultants. We believe we provide our employees significant ongoing career growth opportunities in an exciting growth company and industry. The principal purpose of our incentive programs is to attract, retain and reward personnel in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. We are also focused on supporting our employees' health and safety and social well-being and seek to have a diverse, equitable and inclusive workplace.

## Available Information

We file or furnish periodic reports and amendments thereto, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our website is located at www.paymentus.com , and our reports, amendments thereto, proxy statements and other information are also made available, free of charge, on our investor relations website at https://ir.paymentus.com/home/default.aspx as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such information with the SEC. Information contained in, or that can be accessed through, our or the SEC's website is not a part of, and is not incorporated into, this report.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including the section titled 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,' and our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report before making an investment decision. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially and adversely affect our business operations, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. The trading price of our Class A common stock could decline due to the materialization of any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In addition, the risks discussed below include forward-looking statements and our actual results may differ substantially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. See the section titled 'Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements' for a discussion of such statements and their limitations Our risk factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

## Our historical growth rate may not be sustainable or indicative of our future growth.

Our historical growth rate, including in payment volumes, may not be sustainable or indicative of our future growth. Even though the number of billers, financial institutions and consumers who use our platform has grown rapidly in recent years, there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract new billers and financial institutions or retain existing billers and financial institutions. Our costs associated with retaining revenue from existing billers and financial institutions are substantially lower than costs associated with attracting and generating revenue from new billers and financial institutions or costs associated with generating increased adoption of our platform by existing billers and financial institutions. Therefore, if we are unable to retain revenue from existing billers and financial institutions, even if related losses are offset by an increase in new billers and financial institutions or increased adoption of our platform by existing billers, our operating results could be adversely impacted.

Our ability to attract new billers and financial institutions, retain revenue from existing billers and financial institutions or increase adoption of our platform by both new and existing billers is impacted by a number of factors, including:

· our transaction fees and certain of our billers' ability to pass them on to consumers;

- our ability to timely expand the functionality and scope of our platform;
- our ability to execute timely implementations of new billers and financial institutions to meet their expectations;
- our ability to maintain the rates at which our billers and financial institutions pay us and continue to use our platform;
- competitive factors, including the introduction of competing solutions, discount pricing and other strategies that may be implemented by our competitors;
- our ability to maintain high-quality customer support for billers, financial institutions and consumers;
- our ability to attract and retain strategic partners, software partners, resellers and IPN partners;
- our ability to expand into new industries and market segments;
- actual or perceived privacy or security breaches or incidents;
- the frequency and severity of any system outages, technological changes or similar issues;
- our ability to successfully identify and acquire or invest in businesses, products or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our platform;
- our ability to increase awareness of our brand and successfully compete with other companies;
- our ability to expand internationally; and

· our focus on long-term value over short-term results, meaning that we may make strategic decisions that may not maximize our short-term revenue or profitability if we believe that the decisions are consistent with our mission and will improve our financial performance over the long-term.

19

## Our business could be harmed if we fail to manage our infrastructure to support future growth.

The historical growth we have experienced in our business places significant demands on our operational infrastructure. The scalability and flexibility of our platform depends on the functionality of our technology and network infrastructure and its ability to handle increased traffic and demand for bandwidth. The growth in the number of billers, financial institutions and partners using our platform and the number of bills processed through our platform has increased the amount of data that we process. Any problems with the transmission of increased data and bills could result in harm to our brand or reputation. Moreover, as our business grows, we will need to devote additional resources to improving our operational infrastructure and continuing to enhance its scalability in order to maintain the performance of our platform, including customer support, risk and compliance operations and professional services. Any failure of or delay in these efforts could result in service interruptions, impaired system performance and reduced biller, financial institution, partner and consumer satisfaction and retention. If sustained or repeated, these performance issues could reduce the attractiveness of our platform to billers, financial institutions and partners and could result in lost biller, financial institution and partner opportunities, higher attrition rates and service level penalties, any of which could hurt our revenue growth, biller, financial institution and partner loyalty and our reputation. Even if our efforts to scale our business are successful, they will be expensive and complex, and require the dedication of significant management time and attention. We could also face inefficiencies or service disruptions as a result of our efforts to scale our internal infrastructure. We cannot be sure that the expansion and improvements to our internal infrastructure will be effectively implemented on a timely basis, if at all, and such failures could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Moreover, our historical growth has placed, and will likely continue to place, a significant strain on our managerial, administrative, operational, financial and other resources. We have grown substantially and intend to further expand our overall business, including headcount, with no assurance that our revenue will continue to grow or grow sufficiently to offset the costs associated with increased headcount. As we grow, we will be required to continue to improve our operational and financial controls and reporting procedures and we may not be able to do so effectively. Furthermore, some members of our management have limited experience managing a large public company, so our management may not be able to effectively manage such growth in a public company environment. In managing our growing operations, we are also subject to the risks of over-hiring and over-compensating our employees and over-expanding our operating infrastructure, particularly during periods of higher than normal inflation. As a result, we may be unable to manage our expenses effectively in the future, which may negatively impact our gross profit or operating expenses.

In addition, we believe that an important contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, and is rooted in a philosophy of aligning our success with that of billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers. As a result of our growth, a significant portion of our employees have been with us for fewer than three years. As we continue to grow and develop the infrastructure of a public company, we must effectively integrate, develop and motivate a growing number of new employees, who will be dispersed geographically, with our headquarters in Charlotte, North Carolina and a large employee presence across the United States and in Toronto, Canada and Delhi, India. Our geographically dispersed workforce may make it more difficult for our management to manage our growth effectively and preserve our corporate culture. In addition, we must preserve our ability to execute quickly in further developing our platform and implementing new features and tools. In addition, a remote workforce resulting from the recent COVID-19 pandemic has created challenges to our corporate culture. As a result, we may find it difficult to maintain our corporate culture, which could limit our ability to innovate and operate effectively. Any failure to preserve our culture could also negatively affect our ability to recruit and retain personnel, to continue to perform at current levels or to execute on our business strategy effectively and efficiently.

## If we are unsuccessful in establishing, growing or maintaining partnerships, our ability to compete could be impaired, and our operating results may suffer.

We rely on integration of our end-to-end electronic bill payment solution into third-party software products, which enables us to power such software products' bill payment capabilities. We also rely on strategic partners, such as U.S. Bank, JPMorgan Chase and a major payroll solutions provider, and industry-expert partners to refer new billers to our platform. Additionally, the IPN is our patented and proprietary network that enables partners, such as PayPal, Walmart, Green Dot, a leading global ecommerce retailer and banks, to embed our end-to-end electronic bill payment solution into their ecosystems through a single point of access. Collectively, our software, strategic and IPN partners drive increased transaction volume and adoption of our platform.

To grow our business, we will seek to expand our existing and establish additional relationships with strategic, software and IPN partners. Establishing such relationships, particularly with financial institutions and other large enterprises, entails extensive sales and marketing efforts with no guarantee of success. Sales and marketing to large

organizations involve risks that may not be present, or that are present to a lesser extent, with sales and marketing to other, smaller organizations. We must invest significant time educating and selling to multiple management and technical decision-makers to obtain their support. In addition, we may be required to meet wide-ranging and detailed ancillary

requirements. For example, financial institutions generally require us to submit to an exhaustive security audit, given the sensitivity and importance of storing consumer billing and payment data on our platform. Adoption is also frequently subject to budget constraints and unplanned administrative, processing and other delays, including considerable efforts to negotiate and document relationships. Further, platform deployment and integration with partners' software and other solutions requires significant efforts. If we are unable to increase adoption of our platform by partners and manage the costs associated with marketing our platform to potential partners and integrating with their systems, our business, operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in establishing, growing or maintaining partnerships, our ability to compete could be impaired, and our operating results may suffer. If we lose one or more of our largest partnerships, we could also lose associated biller relationships or payment channels and our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset expected increases in our costs, or if the investments we make in our business fail to generate the expected benefits, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed and we may not be able to maintain profitability over the long term.

As we scale our business, we expect to continue to expend substantial financial and other resources on:

- sales and marketing, including an expansion of our sales organization and new initiatives in order to drive further expansion of our IPN and partner ecosystem;
- our technology infrastructure, including systems architecture, scalability, availability, performance and security;
- product development, including investments in our product development team and the development of new products and new functionality for our AI-enabled platform;
- regulatory compliance and risk management;
- acquisitions or strategic investments;
- expansion into new channels, verticals and international markets; and
- general administration, including increased legal and accounting expenses associated with being a public company.

The increased costs associated with these and other investments we may make in our business may fail to generate the expected benefits. If we are unable to increase our revenue at a rate sufficient to offset the expected increase in our costs, our business, operating results and financial condition will be harmed, and we may not be able to maintain profitability over the long term. In particular, we expect net income and adjusted EBITDA may decline in the near-term as we make investments in our platform and our IPN, incur increased operating costs associated with being a public company, integrate our recent acquisitions and amortize the identifiable intangible assets that we recorded in conjunction with our recent acquisitions.

Additionally, we anticipate that our growth rate will decline over time to the extent that the number of billers and financial institutions using our platform increases and we achieve higher market penetration rates. As our growth rate declines, investors' perception of our business may be adversely affected and the market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result. To the extent our growth rate slows, our business performance will become increasingly dependent on our ability to retain revenue from existing billers and financial institutions and increase adoption of our platform by existing billers.

## Our sales efforts to large enterprises involve considerable time and expense with long and unpredictable sales cycles.

One of the factors affecting our growth and financial performance is the adoption of our platform by large enterprise billers and large financial institutions over legacy solutions and in-house proprietary technologies or our competitor's products. As part of our sales efforts, we invest considerable time and expense evaluating the specific organizational needs of potential billers and financial institutions and educating these potential billers and financial institutions about the technical capabilities and value of our platform. Because large enterprises tend to have more consumers impacted by a switch in billing services, they often evaluate our platform at multiple levels within their organization, each of which often have specific requirements, and typically involve their senior management. As a result, our sales efforts to large enterprises involve considerable time and expense with long and unpredictable sales cycles, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate.

Large enterprise billers and large financial institutions also make product purchasing and adoption decisions based in part or entirely on factors, or perceived factors, not directly related to the features of platforms, including, among others, a biller's projections of business growth, uncertainty about economic conditions, capital budgets, anticipated cost savings

from the implementation of our platform, potential preference for such biller's or financial institutions' internally-developed software and billing solutions, perceptions about our business and platform, more favorable terms offered by potential competitors and previous technology investments. In addition, certain decision-makers and other stakeholders within potential billers and financial institutions tend to have vested interests in the continued use of internally developed solutions or other existing electronic payment and billing solutions, which may make it more difficult for us to sell our products. As a result of these and other factors, our sales efforts to large enterprises typically require an extensive effort throughout the organization and a significant investment of human resources, expense and time, including by our senior management, and there can be no assurances that we will be successful in making a sale. If our sales efforts to a potential biller or financial institution do not result in sufficient revenue to justify our investments, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.

Widespread health issues or pandemics could have a material adverse impact on our employees, billers, financial institutions, partners, consumers and other key stakeholders, which could materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.

We are subject to many risks associated with widespread health issues, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, which can result in significantly curtailed movement of people (both government mandated and voluntary), goods and services.  Such risks include, but are not limited to (1) extreme societal, economic and financial market volatility, resulting in business shutdowns and a global economic downturn, (2) uncertainty regarding the duration, timing and severity of the impact of such health issues on consumer behavior, (3) transitioning to and operating our business with a remote workforce, which can negatively impact employee productivity, training and collaboration as well as our sales and marketing efforts and our implementation cycles, (4) increased risks of security breaches or incidents due to remote operations and the costs associated with enhancing the security of our platform, data and internal information technology, or IT, infrastructure, and (5) the disruption of the operations of our billers, financial institutions and partners that may impact our operations. Any or all of these and other risks related to widespread health issues could materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.

We are subject to economic risk and inflationary pressures, the business cycles and credit risk of our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers, and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

The electronic bill presentment and payment services industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. We are exposed to general economic conditions that affect consumer confidence, consumer spending, consumer discretionary income and changes in consumer purchasing habits. A sustained deterioration in general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate or increases in interest rates may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average payment amount of transactions made using electronic bill payments on our platform. Relatedly, a reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our revenue and profit. If our billers present fewer bills to consumers using electronic billing or consumers making electronic bill payments spend less per transaction, we will have fewer transactions to process or lower transaction amounts, each of which would contribute to lower revenue. These developments could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.

The United States economy experienced a period of prolonged economic uncertainty and inflationary conditions in 2022, which was particularly acute in the utility sector and impacted our 2022 financial performance.  We expect economic uncertainty and inflationary conditions to continue to impact our 2023 performance.  For example, some of our clients deferred anticipated 2022 implementations into 2023 or are reevaluating the development of technology resources, which will delay expected revenue recognition. Furthermore, inflationary pressure resulted in higher average bills, particularly in the utility sector, and increased interchange fees.  We may not be able to adjust our pricing to address the inflationary pressures, and our ability to do so typically lags behind the impact of inflation on our clients, the increase in average bill amounts and increased interchange fees.  In addition, we may not be able to prudently manage our expenses, and we are seeing ongoing wage pressure in our workforce due to the levels of inflation, which is also putting some short-term pressure on our EBITDA margins. Continued economic uncertainty and inflationary conditions could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.

Further, a downturn in the economy could force our billers, financial institutions or partners or their consumers to close or declare bankruptcy, resulting in lower revenue and earnings for us and greater exposure to potential credit losses and future transaction declines. We also have a certain amount of fixed and other costs, including rent and salaries, which could limit our ability to quickly adjust costs and respond to changes in our business and the economy. Changes in

economic conditions could also adversely affect our future revenue and profit and cause a materially adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

## The markets in which we participate are competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

The market for electronic bill presentment and payment services is fragmented, competitive and constantly evolving. Our primary competitors are legacy solution providers and financial institutions with internally developed solutions for bill presentment and payment services. With the introduction of new technologies and market entrants, we expect that the competitive environment will remain intense. Legacy solution providers, new market entrant solution providers and financial institutions may internally develop products, acquire existing, third-party products or enter into partnerships or other strategic relationships that would enable them to expand their product offerings to compete with our platform, provide more comprehensive offerings than they individually had offered or achieve greater economies of scale than us.

These legacy solution providers and financial institutions may have the operating flexibility to bundle competing solutions with other offerings, and may offer them at a lower price or for no additional cost to billers and financial institutions as part of a larger sale. Legacy solution providers offer solutions for in-person cash payments, check-based mail payments, prior-generation interactive voice response, or IVR, phone-based payments and web-based payments, as well as a variety of point solutions for various payment needs.

In addition, new entrants not currently considered to be competitors may enter the market through acquisitions, partnerships, or strategic relationships. New market entrants include a variety of payment processing vendors, particularly those focused on online and mobile payments, as well as mobile wallets and other offerings. Many of these new entrants are also potential partners of ours. As we look to market and sell our platform to potential billers, financial institutions or strategic partners with existing solutions, we must convince their internal stakeholders that our platform is superior to their current solutions. Furthermore, some lower margin industries are more sensitive to pricing and may select a lower cost provider over our more advanced solutions.

We compete on several factors, including:

- product features, quality and breadth and depth of functionality;
- ease of deployment and implementation speed;
- ease of integration with leading billing and enterprise software, customer information systems and banking technology infrastructures;
- ability to automate processes;
- cloud-based delivery architecture;
- advanced security, reliability, customer service and control features;
- data asset size and ability to leverage artificial intelligence, or AI, to grow faster and smarter;
- regulatory compliance leadership;
- brand awareness and reputation;
- pricing, total cost of ownership and return on investment; and
- consumer satisfaction.

Our competitors vary in size, breadth, and scope of the products and services offered. Many of our current and potential competitors have greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established biller and consumer relationships, larger marketing budgets and greater resources than us. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards and requirements. For these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully or continue to achieve or maintain market acceptance for our platform, any of which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition.

## Our revenue is sensitive to shifts in payment mix.

A substantial majority of our revenue is derived from transaction fees, either absorbed by billers and financial institutions or paid by consumers, and the majority of bills on our platform are paid via credit or debit cards. In general, we receive more revenue for card-based payments than for electronic check and automated clearing house, or ACH,

payments. Accordingly, if more consumers start paying their bills by electronic check, ACH or other payment methods with lower transaction fees, it could materially impact our operating results.

We expect fluctuations in our operating results, which will make it difficult to project future results and may cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline.

23

Our growth makes it difficult for us to forecast our future operating results. Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are expected to fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, our past results may not be indicative of our future performance. In addition to the other risks described herein, factors that may affect our operating results include the following: · fluctuations in demand for our platform; · our ability to attract new billers and financial institutions and retain and increase adoption by our existing billers; · our ability to expand our relationships with our partners and identify and attract new partners; · changes in payment method preferences and channels by consumers, which may affect our revenue and gross margin, particularly as a result of interchange fees; · variations across the industries of our billers, which may affect payment methods used by consumers and average payment amounts and, in turn, our revenue and gross margin, particularly as a result of interchange fees; · the impact of widespread health issues on our operating results, liquidity and financial condition and on our employees, billers, financial institutions, partners, consumers and other key stakeholders; · changes in biller and financial institution preference for cloud-based services as a result of security breaches and incidents in the industry or privacy concerns, or other security or reliability concerns regarding our products; · fluctuations or delays in purchasing decisions in anticipation of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; · changes in biller, financial institution and consumer budgets and in the timing of their budget cycles and purchasing decisions; · potential and existing billers and financial institutions choosing our competitors' products or developing their own solutions in-house; · the development or introduction of new platforms or services that are easier to use or more advanced than our current platform and suite of services; · our ability to adapt to new forms or methods of payment that become widely accepted, including cryptocurrencies and blockchain-based transactions; · the adoption or retention of more entrenched or rival services in the international markets where we compete or plan to compete; · our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses; · rising inflation and our ability to adjust pricing and control our costs, including employee wages and benefits and other operating expenses; · the amount and timing of payment for operating expenses, particularly research and development and sales and marketing expenses, including commissions; · the amount and timing of non-cash expenses, including stock-based compensation, goodwill impairments and other non-cash charges; · the amount and timing of costs associated with recruiting, training and integrating new employees, and retaining and motivating existing employees; · the effects of acquisitions and their integration; · general economic conditions, both domestically and internationally, as well as economic conditions specifically

- affecting industries in which our billers operate;

- the impact of new accounting pronouncements;
- changes in the competitive dynamics of our markets;
- security breaches of and incidents impacting, technical difficulties with, or interruptions to, the delivery and use of our platform; and
- awareness of our brand and our reputation in our target markets.

Any of these and other factors, or the cumulative effect of some of these factors, may cause our operating results to vary significantly. In addition, we have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant additional expenses due to the increased costs of operating as a public company. If the assumptions used to plan our business are incorrect, our revenue may fail to meet our expectations and we may fail to meet profitability expectations. Further, if our quarterly operating results fall below the expectations of investors and securities analysts who follow our Class A common stock or result in a lowering of our financial guidance, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially, and we could face costly lawsuits, including securities class action lawsuits.

We depend on third-party payment processors, sponsor banks and third-party printers to process bill payments made on our platform, and our business, operating results and reputation could be harmed if we experience service interruptions related to these processors.

We depend on third-party payment processors, including PayPal's Braintree service, sponsor banks and third-party printers to process bill payments made through various channels on our platform, including credit and debit cards, ACH transfers, eChecks and PayPal. The per-transaction settlement fees we pay under our agreements with these processors collectively comprise a significant portion of our cost of revenue. We also rely on payment processors to collect and store payment card information and provide certain fraud detection services. Our multiyear agreements with these processors contain industry-standard terms and conditions, including technical requirements for how we must process and settle transactions and chargebacks. These agreements also obligate us to comply with card networks' security standards and guidelines, and to reimburse the payment processors for any fines they are assessed by payment networks as a result of any rule violations by us. See the section titled '-Risks Related to Regulation-We are required to comply with payment network operating rules, and changes to such rules or payment network fees could harm our business.'

If any of our processors were to terminate its relationship with us, whether as a result of a failure by us to meet our contractual obligations or for other reasons, or if any of them were to refuse to renew its agreement with us on commercially reasonable terms, we would need to engage one or more alternate processors. In that case, we could experience service interruptions and incur significant expenses in arranging for replacement payment processing services. Such interruptions could also negatively impact our reputation and our relationships with existing or potential billers, financial institutions and partners, as well as cause us to become obligated to provide service credits or refunds under our service level commitments. Likewise, our processors have in the past and may in the future experience outages that have and may cause us to temporarily lose our ability to process transactions on our platform. If any of our processors fails to meet our standards and expectations, becomes compromised or suffers errors, outages or vulnerabilities, we could temporarily lose our ability to process transactions on our platform until such issues have been remedied or we have engaged one or more alternate processors.

We operate in an emerging and evolving market, which may develop more slowly or differently than we expect. If our market does not grow as we expect, or if we cannot expand our platform to meet the demands of this market, our revenue may decline or fail to grow.

Our primary competition remains the legacy processes that billers and financial institutions have relied on for many years, such as physical bills, physical checks and non-scalable legacy IVR and similar systems, as well as systems developed internally by financial institutions. Our success depends to a substantial extent on the widespread adoption of our cloud-based electronic billing and payment platform as an alternative to these existing solutions and adoption by billers that are not using any such solutions at all. Some organizations may be reluctant or unwilling to use our platform for several reasons, including concerns about additional implementation and other costs or delays, uncertainty regarding the reliability and security of cloud-based offerings or lack of awareness of the benefits of our platform. Our ability to expand sales of our platform depends on several factors, including prospective billers' and financial institutions' awareness of our platform; the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of enhancements to our platform or new products that we may introduce; the effectiveness of our marketing programs; the costs of our platform and the ability of billers to pass on transaction costs to their consumers; and the success of competing solutions. If we are unsuccessful in developing and marketing our platform, or if organizations do not perceive or value the benefits of our platform as an alternative to legacy systems, the market for our platform may not continue to develop or may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would harm our business, operating results and prospects.

Our risk management efforts may not be effective to prevent fraudulent activities, which could expose us to material financial losses and liability and otherwise harm our business.

We offer a software platform that automates the entire bill payment lifecycle, providing electronic bill presentment, consumer engagement and payment processing for a large number of billers, financial institutions and consumers. We are

responsible for verifying the identity of our billers, and monitoring transactions for fraud. We and our billers, financial institutions and partners have been in the past and will continue to be targeted by parties who seek to commit acts of financial fraud using techniques such as stolen identities and bank accounts, compromised business email accounts,

employee or insider fraud, account takeover, false applications and check fraud. We may suffer losses from acts of financial fraud committed by or against our billers, financial institutions or partners or their consumers, our employees or other third-parties.

The techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our platform are continually evolving, and we expend considerable resources to continue to monitor and combat them. In addition, when we introduce new products and functionality, or expand existing products, we may not be able to identify all risks created by the new products or functionality. Our risk management policies, procedures, techniques and processes may not be sufficient to identify all of the risks to which we are exposed, to enable us to prevent or mitigate the risks we have identified or to identify additional risks to which we may become subject in the future. Furthermore, our risk management policies, procedures, techniques and processes may contain errors or our employees or agents may commit mistakes or errors in judgment as a result of which we may suffer large financial losses. The software-driven and highly automated nature of our platform could enable criminals and those committing fraud to cause significant losses to our business. As greater numbers of billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers use our platform, our exposure to material risk of losses from a single user, or from a small number of users, will increase.

Our current business and anticipated domestic and international growth will continue to place significant demands on our risk management efforts, and we will need to continue developing and improving our existing risk management infrastructure, policies, procedures, techniques and processes. As techniques used to perpetrate fraud on our platform evolve, we may need to modify our products or services to mitigate fraud risks. As our business grows and becomes more complex, we may be less able to forecast and carry appropriate reserves on our books for fraud related losses. Further, these types of fraudulent activities on our platform can also expose us to civil and criminal liability and governmental and regulatory sanctions as well as potentially cause us to be in breach of our contractual obligations to our third-party partners.

If we lose our founder and chief executive officer or other key members of our management team, or if we are unable to attract and retain executives and employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business may be harmed.

Our success and future growth depend upon the continued services of our management team and other key employees. Dushyant Sharma, our founder, chairman, president and chief executive officer, is critical to our overall management, as well as the continued development of our products, partnerships, culture and strategic direction. From time to time, there may be changes in our management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives and key employees, which could disrupt our business. Our senior management and key employees are employed on an at-will basis. Certain of our key employees have been with us for a long period of time and have fully vested stock options that may become valuable and are publicly tradable, subject to Rule 144 limitations, which reduces the incentive for each of these key employees to remain at our company. The loss of our founder and chief executive officer, or one or more of our other senior management members, or other key employees, could harm our business, and we may not be able to find adequate replacements. We cannot ensure that we will be able to retain the services of any members of our senior management or other key employees or that we would be able to timely replace members of our senior management or other key employees should any of them depart.

## Failure to attract and retain additional qualified personnel and any restrictions on the movement of personnel could prevent us from executing our business strategy and growth plans .

To execute our business strategy, we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel. Competition for executive officers, software developers, compliance and risk management personnel and other key employees in our industry and location is intense and increasing. We compete with many other companies for software developers with high levels of experience in designing, developing, and managing cloud-based software and payment systems, as well as for skilled legal and compliance and risk operations professionals. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we do and can frequently offer such personnel substantially greater compensation than we can offer. In addition, a new or revised visa program, and in particular one that limits the availability of H1-B and other visas, may impact our ability to recruit, hire, retain or effectively collaborate with qualified skilled personnel, including in the areas of AI and machine learning, and payment systems and risk management, which could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. If we fail to identify, attract, develop and integrate new personnel, or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our growth prospects would be adversely affected.

If we fail to offer high-quality customer support, if we experience complaints regarding our customer support or if our support is more expensive than anticipated, our business and reputation could suffer.

Billers and financial institutions and their consumers rely on our customer support services to resolve issues and realize the full benefits provided by our platform. High-quality support is also important to maintain and drive further 26

adoption by our existing billers and their consumers. We primarily provide customer support to our clients over email, with some additional support provided over chat and through our platform, and to consumers over the phone. If we do not help our billers and financial institutions and their consumers quickly resolve issues and provide effective ongoing support, or if our support personnel or methods of providing support are insufficient to meet the needs of our billers and financial institutions and their consumers, our ability to retain billers and financial institutions, increase adoption by our existing billers and financial institutions and acquire new billers could suffer, and our reputation with existing or potential billers and financial institutions could be harmed. In addition, biller, financial institution and consumer complaints or negative publicity about our customer service could diminish confidence in and use of our products or services. Effective customer service requires significant expenses, which, if not managed properly, could negatively impact our profitability. If we are not able to meet the customer support needs of our billers and their consumers during the hours that we currently provide support, we may need to increase our support coverage and provide additional support by other means and methods, which may reduce our profitability.

If the fees we charge are unacceptable to our billers, financial institutions or their consumers, our business, operating results and financial condition could be harmed.

We generate substantially all of our revenue by charging billers and financial institutions fees on a per-transaction basis. As the market for our platform matures, or as new or existing competitors introduce new products or services that compete with ours, we may experience pricing pressure and be unable to renew our agreements with existing billers and financial institutions or attract new billers and financial institutions at fee levels that are consistent with our pricing model and operating budget. In addition, we may not be able to adjust our pricing to address inflationary pressures, and our ability to do so typically lags behind the impact of inflation on our clients, the increase in average bill amounts and increased interchange fees. Our pricing strategy for new products we introduce may prove to be unappealing to our billers, financial institutions or consumers, and our competitors could choose to bundle certain products and services competitive with ours and offer them at lower prices. If this were to occur, it is possible that we would have to change our pricing strategies or reduce our prices, which could harm our business, operating results and growth prospects.

Further, a significant portion of our revenue is generated from billers that elect to pass on transaction fees to consumers in the form of convenience fees. In certain markets, such as utilities and municipalities, convenience fees are commonplace. Despite the fact that such fees are relatively standard, they are often met with negative consumer perception, which could lead to heightened regulatory scrutiny and further pricing pressure.

If we fail to meet our service level commitments, we could be obligated to provide credits or refunds or face contract terminations, which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Many of our agreements with our billers, financial institutions and partners contain service level commitments, including commitments regarding the accuracy of information and data we provide and how quickly we will respond to support inquiries. If we are unable to meet the stated service level commitments or our platform suffers extended periods of unavailability or downtime, we may be contractually obligated to provide these parties with service credits or refunds. In addition, certain billers and financial institutions could shift to using a different solution such that we would no longer be their exclusive payment provider and we could also face contract terminations, either of which would adversely affect our future revenue. Further, any extended service outages could adversely affect our reputation, revenue and operating results.

If we fail to adapt and respond effectively to rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, changing regulations and changing business needs, requirements or preferences, our products may become less competitive and our growth rate could decline.

The market for electronic bill presentment and payment services is relatively new and subject to ongoing technological change, evolving industry standards, payment methods and changing regulations, and changing biller, financial institution and consumer needs, requirements and preferences. The success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to these changes on a timely basis, including launching new products and services. The success of any new product and service, or any enhancements or modifications to existing products and services, depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of such products and services, enhancements and modifications. If we are unable to enhance our platform, add new payment methods or develop new products that keep pace with technological and regulatory change and achieve market acceptance, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive products and services at lower prices, more efficiently, more conveniently or more securely than our products, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. Furthermore, modifications to our existing platform or technology will increase our research and

development expenses. Any of the foregoing could reduce the demand for our services, result in biller, financial institution, partner and consumer dissatisfaction and adversely affect our business.

27

Failure to effectively develop and expand our sales and marketing capabilities could harm our ability to increase our biller and financial institution base and achieve broader market acceptance of our products.

Our ability to increase our biller and financial institution base and achieve broader market acceptance of our platform will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our sales and marketing organizations, and to deploy our sales and marketing resources efficiently. Although we will adjust our sales and marketing spend levels as needed in response to changes in the economic environment, we plan to continue expanding our direct sales team as well as our sales team focused on identifying partnerships. These efforts will require us to invest significant financial and other resources. We may not achieve anticipated revenue growth from expanding our sales team if we are unable to hire, develop, integrate and retain talented and effective sales personnel, if our new and existing sales personnel are unable to achieve desired productivity levels in a reasonable period of time or if our sales and marketing programs are not effective. Our business and operating results will be harmed if our sales and marketing efforts do not generate significant increases in revenue.

We anticipate expanding our operations internationally by targeting international billers, financial institutions and partners, and further expanding use of our platform internationally among our existing international billers, financial institutions and partners, which will create a variety of operational challenges.

A component of our long-term growth strategy involves expanding our operations internationally. Although we currently generate substantially all of our revenue in the United States, many of our largest billers have billable consumers in international geographies and some of our financial institutions have customers that send money to international geographies. We are continuing to adapt to and develop strategies to expand to international geographies. However, there is no guarantee that such efforts will have the desired effect or that we will be able to grow our international footprint without unexpected delay or expense when international expansion opportunities arise. If we invest substantial time and resources to further expand our operations internationally and are unable to do so successfully, cost-effectively and in a timely manner, our business and operating results may suffer.

Our long-term international operations strategy involves a variety of risks, including:

- changes in regulations and our ability to comply with and obtain any relevant licenses;
- currency exchange rate fluctuations and the resulting effect on our revenue and expenses, and the cost and risk of entering into hedging transactions;
- reduction in cross-border trade and other adverse impacts resulting from trade sanctions or changes in trade relations, laws or regulations;
- potential application of more stringent regulations relating to payments, privacy, data protection and information security, and the authorized use of, or access to, sensitive and personal data;
- exposure to liabilities under anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt
- Practices Act, or FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws and similar laws and regulations in other jurisdictions; and
- unexpected changes in tax laws.

Acquisitions and strategic investments could be difficult to identify and integrate, divert the attention of management, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

As part of our long-term growth plans, we expect to acquire or invest in additional businesses, products or technologies that we believe could further complement or expand our platform, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. Acquisitions may divert management's time and focus from operating our business and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not such acquisitions are completed. Acquisitions also may require us to spend a substantial portion of our available cash, incur debt or other liabilities, amortize expenses related to intangible assets or incur write-offs of goodwill or other assets. In addition, integrating an acquired business or technology is risky. Completed and future acquisitions may result in unforeseen operational difficulties and expenditures associated with:

- incorporating new businesses and technologies into our infrastructure;
- consolidating operational and administrative functions;

- coordinating outreach to our community;
- maintaining morale and culture and retaining and integrating key employees;
- maintaining or developing controls, procedures and policies (including effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures); and

28

· identifying and assuming liabilities related to the activities of the acquired business before the acquisition, including liabilities for violations of laws and regulations, intellectual property issues, commercial disputes, taxes and other matters.

Moreover, we may not benefit from our acquisitions as we expect, or in the time frame we expect. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, as well as unfavorable accounting treatment and exposure to claims and disputes by third parties, including intellectual property claims. We also may not generate sufficient financial returns to offset the costs and expenses related to any acquisitions. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our business, operating results and financial condition may suffer. Acquisitions could also be viewed negatively by analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline.

## If we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, our ability to expand our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.

We believe that maintaining and enhancing the Paymentus brand is important to support the marketing and sale of our existing and future products to new billers, financial institutions and partners and to increase adoption of our platform by existing billers and partners. Successfully maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on the effectiveness of our marketing and demand generation efforts, our ability to provide reliable products that continue to meet the needs of our billers, financial institutions and consumers at competitive prices, our ability to maintain our billers', financial institutions' and consumers' trust, our ability to continue to develop new functionality and products and our ability to successfully differentiate our products from competitive products and services. Our promotion activities may not generate brand awareness or yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. Further, any negative publicity about our industry, our company, the quality and reliability of our products and services, our risk management processes, our privacy, data protection or information security practices, litigation, regulatory activity or the experience of billers, financial institutions and partners with our products or services could harm our reputation. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected.

## We may require additional capital to support the growth of our business, and this capital might not be available on acceptable terms, if at all.

We have funded our operations since inception primarily through equity financings and cash from operations. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business, which may require us to engage in equity, equity-linked or debt financings to secure additional funds. Additional financing may not be available on terms favorable to us, if at all. The market prices for other technology companies have been highly volatile, which may also reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all and adversely impact the market price of our Class A common stock. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to invest in future growth opportunities, which could harm our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. If we incur debt, the debt holders would have rights senior to holders of our Class A common stock to make claims on our assets, and the terms of any debt could restrict our operations, including our ability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock in the future. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity securities, stockholders will experience dilution, and the new equity securities could have rights senior to those of our Class A common stock.

Because our decision to issue securities in the future will depend on numerous considerations, including factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of any future issuances of debt or equity securities. As a result, our stockholders bear the risk of future issuances of debt or equity securities reducing the market price of our Class A common stock and diluting their interests.

## Natural catastrophic events, pandemics and man-made problems such as power disruptions, computer viruses, security breaches and incidents and terrorism may disrupt our business.

Natural disasters, pandemics or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, commerce in general and the global economy, and thus could harm our business. Our headquarters are located in Charlotte, North Carolina, and we have a large employee presence in the United States, Toronto, Canada and Delhi, India. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane or catastrophic event such as fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyber-attack, war or terrorist attack affecting regions where we maintain operations or where our data centers are located, we may be unable to continue our operations and may endure system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our application development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security, security incidents, and unauthorized access to or loss, disclosure, modification, misuse, corruption, unavailability, or destruction of critical data,

any of which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, most of our employees currently work remotely. Given these widespread remote work arrangements, if a natural disaster, power

29

outage, connectivity issue or other event occurs that impacts our employees' ability to work remotely, it may be difficult or, in certain cases, impossible, for us to continue our business for a substantial period of time.

Additionally, as computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, intrusions, ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering attacks, fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks and other security breaches and incidents have become more prevalent, we, and third parties upon which we rely, face increased risk in maintaining the performance, reliability, security and availability of our solutions and related services and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers. Any computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, intrusions, ransomware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, social engineering attacks, fraudulent use attempts, phishing attacks or other security breaches and incidents related to our network infrastructure or information technology systems or to computer hardware we lease from third parties, could, among other things, harm our reputation and our ability to retain existing billers, financial institutions and partners and attract new billers, financial institutions and partners.

In addition, the insurance we maintain may be insufficient to cover our losses resulting from disasters, cyber-attacks or other business interruptions, and any incidents may result in loss of, or increased costs of, such insurance. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, or denials of coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and reputation.

## Any future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

We have in the past and may in the future become subject to legal proceedings, claims, investigations or similar matters that arise in the ordinary course of business, such as claims brought by our billers or their consumers in connection with commercial disputes, employment claims made by our current or former employees or claims regarding misappropriation of consumer data. Litigation, investigations or similar matters might result in substantial costs and may divert management's attention and resources, which might seriously harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Insurance might not cover such matters, might not provide sufficient payments to cover all the costs to resolve one or more such matters and might not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby reducing our operating results and leading analysts or potential investors to reduce their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock.

## Risks Related to Regulation

## Payments and other financial services-related regulations and oversight are material to our business and any failure by us to comply could materially harm our business.

The local, state and federal laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and industry standards that govern our business, both directly and through our relationships with banks, card networks and other financial services partners, include, or may in the future include, those relating to payments services, such as payment processing and settlement services, anti-money laundering, combating terrorist financing, escheatment, international sanctions regimes and compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, or PCI-DSS, a set of requirements designed to ensure that all companies that process, store or transmit payment card information maintain a secure environment to protect cardholder data. We do not directly collect or store payment card information; instead, we rely on a third-party payment processor to do so. These laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and standards are enforced by multiple authorities and governing bodies in the United States, including the Department of the Treasury, self-regulatory organizations and numerous state and local agencies. Currently, we do not possess any permits or licenses from financial regulators. We believe the licensing requirements of federal and state agencies that regulate or monitor banks or other types of providers of electronic commerce services do not apply to us. While our business itself is not currently subject to financial services-related regulation, and we have received confirmation from multiple state regulators that we are not required to obtain money transmitter licenses in those states, the banks, payment networks and card networks that we partner with operate in a highly regulated landscape and there is a risk that those regulations could become directly applicable to us. As we expand into new jurisdictions, the number of foreign laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and standards governing our business will expand as well. In addition, as our business and products continue to develop and expand, we may become subject to additional laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and standards. For example, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, or CFPB, and several states have recently provided guidance or prohibitions against the use of convenience or similar 'pay-to-pay' fees in certain industries that may impact us and our billers. We may not always be able to accurately predict the scope or applicability of certain laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes or standards to

our business, particularly as we expand into new areas of operations, which could have a significant negative effect on our existing business and our ability to pursue future plans.

In the future, as a result of the regulations that are or may become applicable to our business, we could be subject to investigations and resulting liability, including governmental fines, restrictions on our business or other sanctions, and we could be forced to cease conducting certain aspects of our business with residents of certain jurisdictions, be forced to change our business practices in certain jurisdictions or be required to obtain additional licenses, certifications or regulatory approvals. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement changes to our business practices or obtain or maintain any such licenses, certifications or regulatory approvals, and, even if we were able to do so, there could be substantial costs and potential product changes involved in obtaining, maintaining and renewing such licenses, certifications and approvals, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business. In addition, we could be subject to fines or other enforcement action if we are found to violate disclosure, reporting, anti-money laundering, capitalization, corporate governance or other requirements of such licenses, certifications or approvals. These factors could impose substantial additional costs, involve considerable delay to the development or provision of our products or services, require significant and costly operational changes or prevent us from providing our products or services in any given market.

## We are required to comply with payment network operating rules, and changes to such rules or payment network fees could harm our business.

Payment networks, such as Visa, Mastercard, American Express, NACHA and INTERAC, establish their own rules and standards that allocate liabilities and responsibilities among the payment networks and their participants. These rules and standards, including PCI-DSS, govern a variety of areas, including how consumers may use their cards, the security features of cards, security standards for processing, data protection and information security and allocation of liability for certain acts or omissions, including liability in the event of a data breach. Participants are subject to audits by the payment networks to ensure compliance with applicable rules and standards.

We are required to comply with card network operating rules and have agreed to reimburse our service providers for any fines they are assessed by payment networks as a result of any rule violations by us. We may also be directly liable to the payment networks for rule violations. The payment networks set and interpret the card operating rules. The payment networks could adopt new operating rules or interpret or reinterpret existing rules that we or our processors might find difficult or even impossible to follow or costly to implement. These changes may be made for any number of reasons, including as a result of changes in the regulatory environment, to maintain or attract new participants or to serve the strategic initiatives of the networks, and may impose additional costs and expenses on or be disadvantageous to certain participants. For example, changes in the payment network rules regarding chargebacks may affect our ability to dispute chargebacks and the amount of losses we incur from chargebacks. If we fail to make such changes or otherwise resolve the issue with the payment networks, the networks could pass on fines and assessments in respect of fraud or chargebacks related to our merchants or disqualify us from processing transactions if satisfactory controls are not maintained, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of any violations of rules or new rules being implemented, the networks may fine, penalize or suspend the registration of participants for certain acts or omissions or the failure of the participants to comply with applicable rules and standards, existing billers, partners or other third parties may cease using or referring our services, prospective billers, partners or other third parties may choose to terminate negotiations with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs, and the networks could refuse to allow us to process payments through their networks. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.

From time to time, these networks increase the fees that they charge payment processors. We could attempt to pass these increases along to our billers, but this strategy might result in the loss of billers to competing solutions. If competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our billers in the future, we may have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, which may increase our operating costs and reduce our earnings. In addition, regulators are subjecting interchange and other fees to increased scrutiny, and new regulations could require greater pricing transparency of the breakdown in fees or fee limitations, which could lead to increased price-based competition, lower margins and higher rates of biller attrition and negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. As a result of any increased fees, such payments could become prohibitively expensive for us or for our billers.

We are subject to U.S. and foreign governmental laws, regulations, rules, standards, policies, contractual obligations and other legal obligations, particularly those related to privacy, data protection and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business, by resulting in litigation, fines, penalties, increased costs or adverse publicity and reputational damage that may negatively affect the value of our business and decrease the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our billers, financial institutions and consumers store personal and business information, financial information and other sensitive information on our platform. In addition, we receive, store, handle, transmit, use and otherwise process personal and business information and other data from and about actual and prospective billers and financial institutions, as well as our employees and service providers. As a result, we are subject to a variety of laws, rules and regulations

relating to privacy, data protection and information security, including regulation by various governmental authorities, such as the FTC, and various state, local and foreign agencies. Our data handling and processing activities are also subject to contractual obligations and industry standard requirements. The legislative and regulatory landscapes for privacy, data protection and information security continue to evolve in jurisdictions worldwide, with an increasing focus on privacy and data protection issues with the potential to affect our business. Failure to comply with any of these laws or regulations could result in litigation, enforcement actions, damages, fines, penalties or adverse publicity and reputational damage, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

The U.S. federal and various state and foreign governments have also adopted or proposed limitations on the collection, distribution, use and storage of data relating to individuals and businesses, including the use of contact information and other data for marketing, advertising and other communications with individuals and businesses. In the United States, various laws and regulations apply to the security, collection, processing, storage, use, disclosure and other processing of certain types of data, including the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Gramm Leach Bliley Act, and state and local laws relating to privacy and data security. Additionally, the FTC and many state attorneys general have interpreted and are continuing to interpret federal and state consumer protection laws to impose standards for the online collection, use, dissemination, processing and security of data.

In addition, many states in which we operate have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal data and are considering or enacting new laws. Certain U.S. state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal information than international, federal, or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, in June 2018, California enacted the CCPA, which became operative on January 1, 2020 and broadly defines personal information, gives California residents expanded privacy rights and protections, including the right to access and delete certain personal information, as well as the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal information, and provides for civil penalties for violations and a private right of action for data breaches. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. Additionally, the CPRA, was passed in November 2020. Effective as of January 1, 2023, the CPRA imposes additional obligations on companies covered by the legislation and significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding California residents' rights with respect to certain sensitive personal information. The CPRA also created a new state agency that is vested with authority to implement and enforce the CCPA and the CPRA. The interpretation and enforcement of the CCPA and many aspects of the CPRA remain unclear, and the effects of the CCPA and the CPRA potentially are significant and may require us to modify our data collection or processing practices and policies and to incur substantial costs and expenses in an effort to comply and increase our potential exposure to regulatory enforcement and sanctions and litigation.

Certain other state laws impose similar privacy obligations, and all 50 states have laws including obligations to provide notification of security breaches of computer databases that contain personal information to affected individuals, state officers and others. For example, the CCPA has prompted the enactment of several new state laws or amendments of existing state laws, such as in New York, Nevada, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah. These laws could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in other U.S. states and have prompted a number of proposals for new federal and state-level privacy legislation. This legislation, if passed, may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs or changes in business practices and policies.

In addition, several foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the EU, have established their own laws, rules and regulations addressing privacy, data protection and information security with regard to the handling and processing of sensitive and personal data obtained from their residents with which we or our billers, financial institutions or partners may need to comply. These laws and regulations are in certain cases more restrictive than those in the United States. Laws and regulations in these jurisdictions apply broadly to the collection, use, storage, disclosure and security of various types of data, including data that identifies or may be used to identify an individual, such as names, email addresses and in some jurisdictions, IP addresses. The EU's privacy, data protection and information security landscapes are currently evolving, resulting in possible significant operational costs for internal compliance and risk to our business. Within the EU, the GDPR, which went into effect in May 2018, contains numerous requirements and changes from previously existing EU law, including more robust, direct obligations on data processors in addition to data controllers, heavier documentation requirements for data protection compliance programs by companies and significantly increases the level of sanctions for non-compliance as compared to previous EU data protection law. In particular, under the GDPR, EU data protection authorities have the power to impose administrative fines for violations of the GDPR of up to a maximum of €20 million or 4% of the data controller's or data processor's total global turnover for the preceding fiscal year, whichever is higher, and violations of the GDPR may also lead to damages claims by data controllers and data subjects.

Such penalties are in addition to any civil litigation claims by data controllers, customers and data subjects. We have taken steps to comply with applicable portions of the GDPR, but we cannot assure you that such steps will be sufficient and we may still face the risk of liability under the GDPR. The laws and regulations relating to privacy, data

protection and information security are evolving, can be subject to significant change, and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions.

We are also subject to certain obligations under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, as well as certain state laws and related contractual obligations. HIPAA imposes obligations on certain covered entity healthcare providers, health plans and healthcare clearinghouses, as well as on business associates, like us, that perform certain services involving the use or disclosure of individually identifiable health information, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information.

The scope and interpretation of the laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and information security that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, as a result of the rapidly evolving regulatory framework for privacy issues worldwide. It is possible that these laws, regulations, rules, self-regulatory standards and other actual or alleged legal obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices, solutions or platform capabilities. For example, laws relating to the liability of providers of online services for activities of their users and other third parties are currently being tested by a number of claims, including actions based on invasion of privacy and other torts, unfair competition, copyright and trademark infringement, and other theories based on the nature and content of the materials searched, the ads posted or the content provided by users. As a result of the laws that are or may be applicable to us, and due to the sensitive nature of the information we collect, we have implemented policies and procedures to preserve and protect our data and our platform users' data against loss, misuse, corruption, misappropriation caused by systems failures or unauthorized access. If our policies, procedures or measures relating to privacy, data protection, information security or the processing of data for marketing purposes or consumer communications fail to comply with laws, regulations, policies, legal obligations or industry standards, we may be subject to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, regulatory investigations, fines, penalties and negative publicity, and could cause our application providers, billers, financial institutions and partners to lose trust in us, and have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

In addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that may apply to us. Because the interpretation and application of privacy, data protection and information security laws, regulations, rules and other standards are still uncertain, it is possible that these laws, rules, regulations and other actual or alleged legal obligations, such as contractual or self-regulatory obligations, may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our existing data management practices or the functionality of our platform. If so, in addition to the possibility of fines, lawsuits and other claims, we could be required to fundamentally change our business activities and practices or modify our software, which could have an adverse effect on our business.

Further, any failure or perceived failure by us, or any third parties with which we do business, to comply with laws, regulations, policies (including our publicly posted privacy policies), procedures, measures, legal or contractual obligations, industry standards or regulatory guidance relating to privacy, data protection or information security may result in governmental investigations and enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties, or adverse publicity, and could cause our billers, financial institutions and partners to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition. We expect that there will continue to be new proposed laws, regulations and industry standards relating to privacy, data protection, information security, marketing and consumer communications, and we cannot predict the impact such future laws, regulations and standards may have on our business. Future laws, regulations, standards and other obligations or any changed interpretation of existing laws or regulations may be inconsistent among jurisdictions and may conflict with our current or future practices, which could impair our ability to develop and market new functionality and maintain and grow our biller and financial institution base and increase revenue. Additionally, our billers, financial institutions or partners may be subject to differing privacy laws, rules and legislation, which may mean that they require us to be bound by varying contractual requirements applicable to certain other jurisdictions. Future restrictions on the collection, use, processing, storage, sharing or disclosure of various types of data, including financial information and other personal data, or additional requirements for express or implied consent of our billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers for the collection, use, processing, storage, sharing and disclosure of such information could require us to incur additional costs or modify our platform, possibly in a material manner, and could limit our ability to develop new functionality. Complying with these requirements and changing our policies and practices may be onerous and costly, and we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments.

If we are not able to comply with these laws or regulations, or if we become liable under these laws or regulations, we could be directly harmed, including through fines and litigation, and we may be forced to implement new measures to reduce our exposure to this liability. This may require us to expend substantial resources or to discontinue certain products, which would negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, the increased attention

focused upon liability issues as a result of lawsuits and legislative proposals could harm our reputation or otherwise adversely affect the growth of our business. Furthermore, any costs incurred as a result of this potential liability could harm our operating results.

Our and our billers' and partners' communications with existing and potential consumers are subject to laws regulating telephone and email marketing practices, and our or their failure to comply with such communications laws could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and significantly harm our reputation.

Our platform enables our billers and partners to communicate directly with their consumers, including via email, text messages and telephone calls. Our platform also enables recording and monitoring of calls between our billers and partners and their consumers for training and quality assurance purposes. On occasion we also send communications directly to consumers. These activities are subject to a variety of U.S. state and federal laws, rules and regulations, such as the TCPA, the CAN-SPAM Act, and others related to telemarketing, recording and monitoring of communications. The TCPA prohibits companies from making telemarketing calls to numbers listed in the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry and imposes other obligations and limitations on making phone calls and sending text messages to consumers. The CAN-SPAM Act regulates commercial email messages and specifies penalties for the transmission of commercial email messages that do not comply with certain requirements, such as providing an opt-out mechanism for stopping future emails from senders. The TCPA, the CAN-SPAM Act and other communications laws, rules and regulations are subject to varying interpretations by courts and governmental authorities and often require subjective interpretation, making it difficult to predict their application and therefore making compliance efforts more challenging. We and our billers and partners may be required to comply with these and similar laws, rules and regulations. To comply with these laws, rules and regulations, in some cases we rely on our billers and partners to obtain legally required consents from their consumers to receive communications sent using our platform. We cannot, however, be certain that our or their efforts to comply will always be successful. Our business could be adversely affected by changes to the application or interpretation of existing laws, rules and regulations governing our platform's communication capabilities, or the enactment of new laws, rules and regulations, and by our and our billers' and partners' failure to comply with such laws, rules and regulations in using our platform. If any of these laws, rules or regulations were to significantly restrict our or our billers' or partners' ability to use our platform to communicate with existing and potential consumers, we may not be able to develop adequate alternative communication modules for our platform. Further, our or our billers' or partners' non-compliance with these laws, rules and regulations could result in significant financial penalties, litigation, including class action litigation, consent decrees and injunctions, adverse publicity and other negative consequences, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition and significantly harm our reputation.

If we fail to comply with extensive, complex, overlapping and frequently changing rules, regulations, standards and legal interpretations, our business could be materially harmed.

Our success and increased visibility, and that of the electronic and online billing and payments sector more generally, may result in increased regulatory oversight and enforcement and more restrictive rules and regulations that apply to our business. We are subject to a wide variety of local, state, federal and international laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and industry standards in the United States and in other countries in which we operate. These laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and standards govern numerous areas that are important to our business. In addition to the payments and financial services-related regulations, and privacy, data protection and information security-related laws, our business is also subject to, without limitation, rules and regulations applicable to securities, labor and employment, immigration, competition and marketing and communications practices. Laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and standards applicable to our business are subject to change and evolving interpretations and application, including by means of legislative changes and executive orders, and it can be difficult to predict how they may be applied to our business and the way we conduct our operations, particularly as we introduce new products and services and expand into new jurisdictions. We may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative and other developments, and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned features, products and services and increase our cost of doing business.

There can be no assurance that our employees or contractors will not violate laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes and industry standards. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our employees or contractors to comply with existing or new laws, rules, regulations, licensing schemes, industry standards or orders of any governmental authority (including changes to or expansion of the interpretation of those laws, regulations, standards or orders), may, among other things:

· subject us to significant fines, penalties, criminal and civil lawsuits, license suspension or revocation, forfeiture of significant assets, audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations and enforcement actions in one or more jurisdictions levied by federal, state, local or foreign regulators, state attorneys

general and private plaintiffs who may be acting as private attorneys general pursuant to various applicable federal, state and local laws;

- result in additional compliance and licensure requirements;
- increase regulatory scrutiny of our business;

- restrict our operations, product features, quality and breadth and depth of functionality; and
- force us to change our business practices or compliance program, make product or operational changes or delay planned product launches or improvements.

The complexity of U.S. federal and state regulatory and enforcement regimes, coupled with the current and potential future scope of our international operations and the evolving regulatory environment, could result in a single event giving rise to many overlapping investigations and legal and regulatory proceedings by multiple government authorities in different jurisdictions.

Any of the foregoing could, individually or in the aggregate, harm our reputation as a trusted provider, damage our brand and business, cause us to lose existing billers, financial institutions and partners, prevent us from obtaining new billers, financial institutions and partners, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and to avert further breaches, expose us to legal risk and potential liability, and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future that may cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements of our financial statements. If we fail to remediate any material weaknesses, identify additional material weaknesses, or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, our ability to accurately and timely report our financial results could be adversely affected.

We are required to comply with the rules of the SEC implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting.  In addition to disclosing changes that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis, we are required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the rules of the SEC implementing Section 404 in this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. However, as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the later of December 31, 2023 (the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC) or the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, management's report and our independent registered public accounting firm's report would be adverse.

As of December 31, 2022, material weaknesses were identified in our internal control over financial reporting were identified.  These material weaknesses, as well as our remediation plans, are described in Item 9A of this annual report.

While we believe our remediation efforts will remediate the material weaknesses, we may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing or any required remediation in a timely fashion, or at all. We cannot provide assurance that the measures we have taken to date and may take in the future will be sufficient to remediate the control deficiencies that led to the identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting or that the measures will prevent or avoid future material weaknesses. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is subject to various inherent limitations, including cost limitations, judgments used in decision making, assumptions about the likelihood of future events, the possibility of human error and the risk of fraud. If we are unable to remediate the material weaknesses, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within the time periods required under SEC rules, could be adversely affected. This may in turn adversely affect our reputation and business and the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, any such failures could result in litigation or regulatory actions by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, loss of investor confidence, delisting of our Class A common stock and diversion of financial and management resources from the operation of our business.

## The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, result in more litigation and divert management's attention.

We are subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Complying with these rules and regulations has increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. In order to maintain and, if

required, improve our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting to meet this standard, significant resources and management oversight are required. As a result, management's attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.

We have and may need to continue to hire additional employees or engage outside consultants to comply with these requirements, which has and will increase our costs and expenses.

In addition, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure are creating uncertainty for public companies, increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming. These laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and, as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and governance practices. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment may result in increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management's time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies, due to ambiguities related to their application and practice or for other reasons, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us and our business may be adversely affected.

These new rules and regulations may make it more expensive for us to maintain director and officer liability insurance, and in the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers.

We are subject to laws and regulations regarding export control, import, economic and trade sanctions, anti-money laundering and counter-terror financing that could impair our ability to compete in international markets or subject us to criminal or civil liability if we violate them.

We anticipate expanding internationally as part of our long-term growth strategy and will thus become subject to additional laws and regulations for which we will need to implement new regulatory compliance controls. In some cases, our products are subject to export control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce, and our activities may be subject to trade and economic sanctions, including U.S. economic and trade sanctions administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, which we collectively refer to as trade controls. As such, a license may be required to export or re-export our products, or provide related services, to certain countries and billers and financial institutions. Further, our products incorporating encryption functionality may be subject to special controls applying to encryption items or certain reporting requirements. The process for obtaining necessary licenses may be time-consuming or unsuccessful, potentially causing delays in sales or losses of sales opportunities.

Even though we have procedures in place designed to ensure our compliance with trade controls, failure to comply with these controls could subject us to both civil and criminal penalties, including substantial fines, possible incarceration of responsible individuals for willful violations, possible loss of our export or import privileges and reputational harm. Although we have no knowledge that our activities have resulted in violations of trade controls, any failure by us or our partners to comply with applicable laws and regulations would have negative consequences for us, including reputational harm, government investigations and penalties.

In addition, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology, including through import permit and license requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products or could limit billers' and financial institutions' ability to implement our products in those countries. Changes in our products or changes in export and import regulations in such countries may create delays in the introduction of our products into international markets, prevent billers with international operations from deploying our products globally or, in some cases, prevent or delay the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import laws or regulations, economic sanctions or related legislation, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing export, import or sanctions laws or regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such export, import or sanctions laws or regulations, could result in decreased use of our products by, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to, existing or potential billers and financial institutions with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export to or sell our products in international markets could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

We are also subject to various anti-money laundering and counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations around the world that prohibit, among other things, our involvement in transferring the proceeds of criminal activities. There has been increased scrutiny in the United States and globally regarding compliance with these laws and regulations, which may require us to further revise or expand our compliance program, including the procedures we use to verify the identity of our billers. While we have controls in place that are designed to comply with applicable anti-money laundering and

counter-terrorist financing laws and regulations, violations of these laws could subject us to investigations, settlements, prosecution, and other enforcement actions, which could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and similar laws, and non-compliance with such laws can subject us to criminal or civil liability and harm our business.

We are subject to the FCPA, U.S. domestic bribery laws and other anti-corruption laws in countries outside of the U.S. where we conduct our activities. Anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws have been enforced aggressively in recent years and are interpreted broadly to generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and their third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. Although we currently only maintain operations in the United States, Canada and India, as we increase our international cross-border business and expand operations abroad, we may engage with business partners and third-party intermediaries to market our services and to obtain necessary permits, licenses and other regulatory approvals. Our operations are dependent in part upon transmission bandwidth provided by third-party network providers and access to co-location facilities to house our servers, which in some countries may be state owned. Similarly, some of our billers and financial institutions may be state-owned, in each case exposing us to potential risks. In addition, we, our employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated entities. We can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these third-party intermediaries, our employees, representatives, contractors, partners and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. We cannot assure you that all of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries will not take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. As we increase our international business, our risks under these laws may increase.

Detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of anti-corruption laws can require a significant diversion of time, resources and attention from management as well as significant defense costs and other professional fees. In addition, allegations or violations of anti-corruption or anti-bribery laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, investigations, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, other civil or criminal penalties, injunctions, suspension or debarment from government contracting, reputational harm, adverse media coverage and other collateral consequences, all of which may have an adverse impact on our business, operating results, prospects and financial condition.

## Changes in our effective tax rate or tax liability may adversely affect our operating results.

Our effective tax rate could increase due to several factors, including:

- changes in the relative amounts of income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate due to differing statutory tax rates in various jurisdictions;
- changes in tax laws, tax treaties and regulations or the interpretation thereof, including the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, as modified by the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and the Emergency Coronavirus Relief Act and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022;
- changes to our assessment about our ability to realize our deferred tax assets that are based on estimates of our future results, the prudence and feasibility of possible tax planning strategies and the economic and political environments in which we do business;
- the outcome of current and future tax audits, examinations or administrative appeals; and
- limitations or adverse findings regarding our ability to do business in some jurisdictions.

Any of these developments could adversely affect our operating results.

Further, beginning January 1, 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the right to deduct research and development expenditures for tax purposes in the period the expenses were incurred and instead requires all U.S. and foreign research and development expenditures to be amortized over five and fifteen tax years, respectively. This provision may materially increase our effective tax rate and reduce our operating cash flows over time as we continue to utilize available net operating losses and tax credits.

Risks Related to Our Technology and Intellectual Property

If we are unable to ensure that our platform interoperates with a variety of software suites, applications and other technologies that are developed by others, including our partners, or if there are performance issues with such third-party systems, our solutions will not operate effectively, we may become less competitive and our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed.

Our platform must integrate with a variety of software suites, applications and other technologies that are developed by third parties, and we need to continuously modify and enhance our platform to adapt to changes in such software and other technologies. In particular, we have developed our platform to be able to easily integrate with key third-party applications of our software partners. We are typically subject to standard terms and conditions of providers of software or other technology, which govern the distribution and operation of such software and other technologies and are subject to change by such providers from time to time. Our business will be harmed if any provider of such software or other technologies:

· discontinues or limits our access to its software or other technologies;

- modifies its terms of service or other legal terms or policies, including fees charged to, or other restrictions on us;
- changes how information is accessed by us or our billers, financial institutions or partners or their consumers;
- has performance or other problems that affect the perception of our platform, products or services;
- establishes exclusive or more favorable relationships with one or more of our competitors; or
- develops or otherwise favors its own competitive offerings over our platform or products.

For example, to deliver a comprehensive solution, our platform integrates with offerings of popular software providers, including Oracle and SAP, through application program interfaces, or APIs, made available by these software providers. If any providers of software or other technologies change the features of their APIs, discontinue their support of such APIs, restrict our access to their APIs or alter the terms governing their use in a manner that is adverse to our business, we will not be able to provide synchronization capabilities, which could significantly diminish the value of our platform and harm our business, operating results and financial condition.

Third-party services and products are constantly evolving, and we may not be able to modify our platform to assure its compatibility with that of other third parties as they continue to develop or emerge in the future, or we may not be able to make such modifications in a timely and cost-effective manner. In addition, some of our competitors may be able to disrupt the operations or compatibility of our platform with their products or services, or exert strong business influence on our ability to, and terms on which we, operate our platform. Should any of our competitors modify their products or standards in a manner that degrades the functionality of our platform or gives preferential treatment to our competitors or competitive products, whether to enhance their competitive position or for any other reason, the interoperability of our platform with these products could decrease and our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. If we are not permitted or able to integrate with these and other third-party software suites, applications and other technologies in the future, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed.

Furthermore, the functionality of our platform also depends on our and our partners' ability to integrate our platform with their offerings. These partners periodically update and change their systems, and although we have been able to adapt our platform to their evolving needs in the past, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to do so in the future or in a way such that our billers, financial institutions or partners or their consumers are satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or with the technical support services rendered. In particular, if we are unable to adapt to the needs of our partners' platforms, software and solutions, our billers', financial institutions' and partners' operations may be disrupted, which could result in disputes with our billers, financial institutions or partners or their consumers or other third parties and additional costs to address the situation. Additionally, our billers, financial institutions and partners may terminate their relationship with us and we may lose access to large numbers of consumers and biller and financial institution referrals as a result.

Any negative publicity related to our solutions, regardless of its accuracy or whether the ultimate cause of any poor performance actually results from our platform, or from the systems of our billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers, may adversely affect our reputation, business, operating results and financial condition.

Interruptions or delays in the services provided by our third-party data centers or internet service providers could impair the delivery of our platform. Any changes in the systems that these providers make available to us that degrade the functionality of our platform, impose additional costs or requirements on us, or give preferential treatment to competitors' services, including their own services, could materially and adversely affect usage of our products and services.

Our third-party service providers are ultimately responsible for maintaining their own network security, disaster recovery and system management procedures, and our review processes for such providers may be insufficient to identify,

prevent or mitigate adverse events. The owners and operators of our current and future hosting facilities do not guarantee that our billers' or partners' or their consumers' access to our solutions will be uninterrupted, error-free or secure. We or our third-party service providers may experience website disruptions, outages and other performance

problems. We have periodically experienced service disruptions in the past, and we cannot assure you that we will not experience service interruptions or delays in the future. We depend on our third-party service providers to protect their infrastructure against damage, interruption and other performance problems, maintain their respective configuration, architecture and interconnection specifications and protect information stored by such providers, as well as on internet service providers to transmit data. We may also incur significant costs for using alternative equipment or taking other actions in preparation for, or in reaction to, events that damage the data storage services we use.

Although we have disaster recovery plans that use multiple data storage locations, any incident affecting their infrastructure that may be caused by fire, flood, severe storm, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failures, unauthorized entry or intrusion, sabotage, criminal acts, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct, computer viruses and disabling devices, natural disasters, military actions, terrorist attacks, negligence, infrastructure changes, human or software errors, fraud, spikes in biller, financial institution, partner or consumer usage and denial of service issues, hardware failures, improper operation, data loss, compromise or corruption, cybersecurity attacks, wars, hurricanes, tornadoes and other similar events beyond our control could negatively affect our platform. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. Any prolonged service disruption affecting our platform for any of the foregoing reasons could result in lengthy interruptions in the delivery of our platform, products or services, cause system interruptions, prevent our billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers from accessing their accounts online, damage our reputation with current and potential billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers, expose us to liability, cause us to lose billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers, cause the loss or unavailability of critical data, prevent us from supporting our platform, products or services, result in regulatory investigations, enforcement actions and litigation or cause us to incur additional expense in investigating, remediating and responding to these disruptions and arranging for new facilities and support or otherwise harm our business.

Also, in the event of damage or interruption, our insurance policies may not adequately compensate us for any losses that we may incur. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business or delay our financial reporting. Such failures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. In addition, certain of our third-party service providers are required to notify us if they experience a security breach or unauthorized disclosure of certain personal information, or, in some cases, confidential data or information of ours or our billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers, and their failure to timely notify us of such a breach or disclosure may cause us to incur significant costs or otherwise harm our business.

Our platform is accessed by many billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers, often at the same time. As we continue to expand the number of our billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers, and products available through our platform, we may not be able to scale our technology to accommodate the increased capacity requirements, which may result in interruptions or delays in service. In addition, the failure of data centers, internet service providers or other third-party service providers to meet our capacity requirements could result in interruptions or delays in access to our platform or impede our ability to grow our business and scale our operations. If our third-party infrastructure service agreements are terminated, or there is a lapse of service, interruption of internet service provider connectivity, or damage to data centers, we could experience interruptions in access to our platform as well as delays and additional expense in arranging new facilities and services.

We also depend on third-party internet-hosting providers and continuous and uninterrupted access to the internet through third-party bandwidth providers to operate our business. If we lose the services of one or more of our internet-hosting or bandwidth providers for any reason or if their services are disrupted, for example due to viruses, ransomware, denial of service or other attacks on their systems, or due to human error, intentional bad acts, power loss, hardware failures, telecommunications failures, fires, wars, terrorist attacks, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or similar catastrophic events, we could experience disruption in our ability to offer our solutions and adverse perception of our solutions' reliability, or we could be required to retain the services of replacement providers, which could increase our operating costs and materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Furthermore, prolonged interruption in the availability, or reduction in the speed or other functionality, of our platform, products or services could materially harm our reputation and business. Frequent or persistent interruptions in accessing our platform, products and services could cause billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers to believe that our platform, products and services are unreliable, leading them to switch to our competitors or to avoid our platform, products and services, and could permanently harm our reputation and business.

Additionally, as our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers may use our platform for critical transactions, any errors, defects or other infrastructure problems could result in damage to such billers', financial institutions', partners' or consumers' businesses. These billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers could seek

significant compensation from us for their losses and our insurance policies may be insufficient to cover a claim. Even if unsuccessful, this type of claim may be time-consuming and costly for us to defend. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

We may experience software and technology defects, undetected errors, development delays or other performance problems in our software and other technology used as part of our platform, which could damage biller, financial institution and partner relations, harm our reputation, result in significant costs to us, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to substantial liability.

Our software and other technology used as part of our platform may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects when implemented or when new functionality is released, as we may modify, enhance, upgrade and implement new systems, procedures and controls to reflect changes in our business, technological advancements and changing industry trends. Despite extensive testing, from time to time we have discovered and may in the future discover defects or errors in our solutions. Any performance problems or defects in our solutions could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial conditions. Defects, errors or other similar performance problems or disruptions, whether in connection with day-to-day operations or otherwise, could be costly for us, adversely affect our billers', financial institutions' or partners' businesses, harm our reputation and result in reduced sales or a loss of, or delay in, the market acceptance of our solutions. In addition, if we have any such errors, defects or other performance problems, our billers, financial institutions or partners could seek to terminate, or elect not to renew, their contracts with us, delay or withhold payment or make claims against us. Any of these actions could result in liability, lost business, increased insurance costs, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable, costly litigation or adverse publicity, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Additionally, our software uses open-source software and any defects or security vulnerabilities in such open-source software could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. Software defects and errors or delays in electronic bill presentment or our facilitation of payment processing could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability claims, any of which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

We use open source software in our platform and products, which may pose particular risks to our proprietary software in a manner that could subject us to litigation or other actions, negatively affect our ability to sell our products or otherwise adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

Our platform incorporates software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under 'open source' licenses, and we expect to continue to incorporate open source software in our products and platform in the future. Some open source licenses contain requirements that those who distribute open source software as part of their own software product also make publicly available all or part of the source code for modifications or derivative works created based on the type of open source software they use, or grant other licenses to their intellectual property on unfavorable terms or at no cost, and we may be subject to such requirements.

The terms of many open source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to provide, or distribute our platform, products or services related to, the open source software subject to those licenses. In addition, the public availability of such software may make it easier for others to compromise our platform. Although we generally monitor our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our platform to conditions we do not intend and to try to ensure that none is used in a manner that would require us to disclose our proprietary source code or that would otherwise breach the terms of an open source agreement, such use could inadvertently occur, or could be claimed to have occurred, in part because open source license terms are often ambiguous. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our processes for controlling our use of open source software in our platform, products and services will be effective. From time to time, there have been claims challenging the ownership of open source software against companies that incorporate it into their products. Likewise, we could become subject to lawsuits and face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, any open source software or derivative works that we have developed using such software, which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of the applicable open source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make our software source code freely available, purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated products or services. Litigation could be costly for us to defend, have a negative effect on our business, operating results and financial condition or require us to devote additional research and development resources to change our products. If we are held to have breached or failed to fully comply with all the terms and conditions of an open source software license, we could face infringement or other liability, or be required to seek costly licenses from third parties, to continue providing our offerings on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our platform (which could involve substantial time and resources), to discontinue or delay the provision of our offerings if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis or to make generally

available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

In addition to risks related to complying with applicable license requirements, a release of our proprietary code could also allow our competitors to create similar offerings with lower development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our competitive advantages. Furthermore, use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, warranties, indemnification or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. There is little legal precedent in this area and any actual or claimed requirement to disclose our proprietary source code or pay damages for breach of contract could harm our business and could help third parties, including our competitors, develop products and services that are similar to or better than ours. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

If we fail to adequately obtain, maintain, protect or enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our competitive position could be impaired, our reputation could be harmed and we may lose valuable assets, generate less revenue and incur costly litigation to protect our rights.

Our success is dependent, in part, upon protecting our intellectual property and proprietary technology. We rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade secret laws and contractual provisions with our employees, independent contractors, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships to establish and protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may be inadequate, may not afford complete protection and may not adequately permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage or otherwise fail to prevent unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our confidential information, intellectual property or technology.

Various factors outside our control pose a threat to our intellectual property rights, as well as to our products, services and technologies. Although we have been issued patents in the United States and Canada and have additional patent applications pending, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications or obtain the coverage originally sought. In addition, any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages or may be successfully challenged by third parties, which could result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. For example, it is possible that third parties, including our competitors, may obtain patents relating to technologies that overlap or compete with our technology. If third parties obtain patent protection with respect to such technologies, they may assert that our technology infringes their patents and seek to charge us a licensing fee or otherwise preclude the use of our technology or file suit against us. Any of our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may lapse, be abandoned, be challenged or circumvented by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. We also may allow certain of our registered intellectual property rights, or our pending applications for intellectual property rights, to lapse or to become abandoned if we determine that obtaining or maintaining the applicable registered intellectual property rights is not worthwhile. Despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights, there can be no guarantee that such rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products or services that are substantially similar to ours, independently developing similar products, duplicating any of our products, designing around our patents, adopting trade names or domain names similar to ours, competing with our business or attempting to copy aspects of our technology and using information that we consider proprietary, thereby impeding our ability to promote our platform and possibly leading to biller, financial institution or consumer confusion. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Despite our precautions, it may be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy our products and use information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours.

We cannot guarantee that our ability to assert our intellectual property rights against potential competitors or to settle current or future disputes will not be limited by our agreements with third parties. Further, no assurance can be given that our agreements will be effective in controlling access to and distribution of our products and proprietary information, and they do not prevent our competitors or partners from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our platform.

We will not be able to protect our intellectual property rights if we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy, reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use our products, technology, systems, methods, processes, intellectual property and other information that we regard as proprietary to create products and services that compete with ours. We cannot be certain that we will be able to prevent unauthorized use of our products, technology, systems, methods and processes or infringement, misappropriation or other violation of our intellectual property, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not protect our proprietary rights as comprehensively as in the United States, if at all. In addition, any changes in, or unexpected interpretations of, intellectual property laws may compromise

our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Failure to obtain or maintain protection of our trade secrets or other proprietary information could harm our competitive position and materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

In addition to registered intellectual property rights such as issued patents and trademark registrations, we rely on non-registered proprietary information and technology, such as copyrights, trade secrets, confidential information, know-how and technical information. In order to protect our proprietary information and technology, we rely in part on confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our employees and contractors involved in the development of material intellectual property for us, which place restrictions on the employees' and contractors' use and disclosure of this intellectual property. However, these agreements may not be self-executing, sufficient in scope or enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements. We cannot guarantee that we have entered into such agreements with each person or entity that may have or have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary information or otherwise developed intellectual property for us, including our technology and processes. Individuals that were involved in the development of intellectual property for us or who had access to our intellectual property but who are not subject to invention assignment agreements may make adverse ownership claims to our current and future intellectual property.

Additionally, these agreements may be insufficient or breached, or this intellectual property, including trade secrets, may otherwise be disclosed or become known to our competitors, which could cause us to lose any competitive advantage resulting from this intellectual property. We may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Additionally, to the extent that our employees, independent contractors or other third parties with whom we do business use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting works of authorship, know-how and inventions. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products and services by copying functionality.

Effective patent, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret and domain name protection is time-consuming and expensive. We may not be able to obtain protection for our technology and even if we are successful in obtaining effective patent, copyright, trademark, service mark, trade secret and domain name protection, it is expensive to maintain these rights, both in terms of application and maintenance costs, and the time and cost required to defend our rights could be substantial. Moreover, our failure to develop and properly manage and protect new intellectual property could hurt our market position and business opportunities. Furthermore, changes to U.S. or foreign intellectual property laws and regulations may jeopardize the enforceability and validity of our intellectual property portfolio and harm our ability to obtain patent protection, including for some of our unique business methods. We may be unable to obtain trademark protection for our products and brands, and our existing trademark registrations and applications, and any trademarks that may be used in the future, may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors. We do not and may not own registered trademarks for all trademarks and logos used in our business in the jurisdictions in which we operate or may operate in the future. In addition, our trademarks may be contested or found to be unenforceable, weak or invalid, and we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing or otherwise violating them. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources. In addition, our efforts may be met with defenses and counterclaims challenging the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights or may result in a court determining that our intellectual property rights are unenforceable. Further, we have and may in the future employ individuals who previously were employed by our competitors, and, as a result, those competitors may bring claims against such individuals or us alleging their intellectual property rights have been infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated. If we are unable to cost-effectively protect our intellectual property rights, our business would be harmed. If competitors are able to use our technology or develop proprietary technology similar to ours or competing technologies, our ability to compete effectively and our growth prospects would be adversely affected.

We and our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers and other third parties that use our platform obtain, provide and process a large amount of sensitive and personal data. Any real or perceived improper or unauthorized use of, disclosure of or access to such data could harm our reputation as a trusted brand, as well as have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

We and our billers, financial institutions and partners and their consumers and the third-party vendors and data centers that we use obtain, provide and process large amounts of sensitive and personal data, including data provided by and related to consumers and their transactions, as well as other data of the counterparties to their payments. We face risks, including to our reputation as a trusted brand, in the handling and protection of this data, and these risks will increase as our business continues to expand to include new products and technologies.

Cybersecurity threats and attacks, privacy and cybersecurity breaches, insider threats and malicious internet-based activity and other incidents continue to evolve in nature and become more sophisticated and severe, and providers of cloud-based services have frequently been targeted by such attacks, particularly in the financial technology sector. These

cybersecurity challenges, including threats to our own IT infrastructure or those of our billers, financial institutions or partners or their consumers or third-party service providers, may take a variety of forms ranging from stolen bank

42

accounts, business email compromise, biller or financial institution employee fraud, account takeover, check fraud or cybersecurity attacks, to 'mega breaches' targeted against cloud-based services and other hosted software. A cybersecurity incident or breach could result in loss, compromise, corruption or disclosure of confidential information, intellectual property and sensitive and personal data and impair our ability to provide our solutions and meet our billers', financial institutions' or partners' or their consumers' requirements, or cause production downtimes and compromised data. We may be unable to anticipate or prevent techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems because they change frequently and often are not detected until after an incident has occurred. As we increase our biller and financial institution base and our brand becomes more widely known and recognized, third parties may increasingly seek to compromise our security controls or gain unauthorized access to our sensitive corporate information or our billers', financial institutions' or partners' or their consumers' sensitive and personal data. Information security risks for technology companies such as ours have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties as well as nation-state and nation-state-supported actors. Additionally, geopolitical events and resulting government activity could lead to information security threats and attacks by affected jurisdictions and their sympathizers. Because of our position in the financial services industry, we believe that we are likely to continue to be a target of such threats and attacks.

We have administrative, technical and physical security measures in place, and we have policies and procedures in place to contractually require service providers to whom we disclose data to implement and maintain reasonable privacy, data protection and information security measures. However, if our privacy, data protection or information security measures or those of the previously mentioned third parties are inadequate, breached or otherwise compromised, including as a result of third-party action, employee or contractor error, malfeasance, malware, phishing, hacking, system error, software bugs or defects in our products, trickery, process failure, or otherwise, and, as a result, there is improper disclosure of, or someone obtains unauthorized access to or exfiltrates funds or accesses, modifies, corrupts, or destroys any sensitive and personal data on our systems or our partners' systems, or if we suffer a ransomware or advanced persistent threat attack, or if any of the foregoing is reported or perceived to have occurred, our reputation and business could be damaged. If sensitive and personal data is unavailable, lost, modified, corrupted, or destroyed without authorization or improperly disclosed or threatened to be disclosed, we could incur significant costs associated with remediation and the implementation of additional security measures, and may incur significant liability and financial loss and be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, proceedings and penalties.

In addition, because we leverage third-party service providers, including cloud, software, data center and other critical technology vendors to deliver our solutions to our billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers and their clients, we rely heavily on the data protection and information security technology practices and policies adopted by these third-party service providers. Such third-party service providers have access to sensitive and personal data and other data about our billers, partners and employees, as well as consumers using our products and services to pay the bills of our billers, financial institutions.  Some of these providers in turn may subcontract with other third-party service providers. Our ability to monitor our third-party service providers' data protection and information security practices and policies is limited. There have been and may continue to be significant supply chain attacks, and we cannot guarantee that our or our third-party service providers' software or systems have not been breached or compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our systems or the systems of third parties that support us and our services. A vulnerability in our third-party service providers' software or systems, a failure of our third-party service providers' safeguards, policies or procedures, or a breach of a third-party service provider's software or systems could result in the compromise of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our systems or the data housed in our third-party solutions. Techniques used to sabotage or obtain unauthorized access to systems are constantly evolving and our third-party service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying breaches and compromises, and notifying us of any such breaches and compromises. This could cause us to face delays in responding to any such breach or compromise and providing any required notifications to consumers or other third parties.

In addition, our financial institution strategic partners conduct regular audits of our cybersecurity program, and if any of them were to conclude that our systems and procedures are insufficiently rigorous, they could terminate their relationships with us, and our financial results and business would be adversely affected. Under our terms of service and our contracts with strategic partners, if there is a breach of payment information that we store, we could be liable to the partner for their losses and related expenses. Additionally, if our own confidential business information were improperly disclosed, our business could be materially and adversely affected. A core aspect of our business is the reliability and security of our platform. Any perceived or actual security breach or incident, regardless of how it occurs or the extent of the breach or incident, could have a significant impact on our reputation as a trusted brand, cause us to lose existing billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers, prevent us from obtaining new billers, financial institutions, partners and

consumers, require us to expend significant funds to remedy problems caused by breaches and incidents and implement measures to prevent further breaches and incidents, and expose us to legal risk and potential liability including those resulting from governmental or regulatory investigations, class action litigation, indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach or penalties for violation of security obligations and costs associated with remediation, such as fraud

monitoring and forensics, all of which could divert resources and attention of our management and key personnel away from our business operations and materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Any actual or perceived breach or incident at a third-party service provider providing services to us or our billers, financial institutions, partners or consumers could have similar effects. Further, as a result of a significant number of people continuing to work from home due to the pandemic, these cybersecurity risks may be heightened by an increased attack surface across our business and those of our partners and service providers. We cannot guarantee that our efforts, or the efforts of those upon whom we rely and partner with, will be successful in preventing any such breaches or incidents or protecting sensitive and personal data that they obtain and process on our behalf.

Federal, state and international regulations may require us or our billers, financial institutions or partners to notify governmental entities and individuals of breaches or incidents involving certain types of personal and sensitive data or information technology systems. Any security breach or incident in our industry, whether actual or perceived, could lead to public disclosures and negative publicity, erode consumer, biller, financial institution or partner confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, negatively impact our ability to attract new billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers, cause existing billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers to elect not to renew or expand their use of our platform, services and products or subject us to third-party lawsuits, regulatory fines or other actions or liabilities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.

In addition, some of our billers, financial institutions and partners contractually require notification of security breaches or incidents and include representations and warranties in their contracts with us that our platform, products and services comply with certain legal and technical standards related to information security and privacy and meet certain service levels. In our contracts, a security breach or incident or operational disruption impacting us or one of our critical vendors, or system unavailability or damage due to other circumstances, may constitute a material breach and give rise to a biller's, financial institution's or partner's right to terminate their contract with us. In these circumstances, it may be difficult or impossible to cure such a breach in order to prevent billers, financial institutions or partners from potentially terminating their contracts with us. Furthermore, although our contracts typically include limitations on our potential liability, we cannot ensure that such limitations of liability would be adequate or apply to security breaches or incidents.

While we maintain cybersecurity insurance, our insurance may be insufficient or may not cover all liabilities incurred by any security breach or incident. We also cannot be certain that our insurance coverage will be adequate for data handling or data security liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that any insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage, litigation to pursue claims under our insurance policies or the occurrence of changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, or denials of coverage, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.

We may in the future become subject to or initiate intellectual property disputes, which are costly and time-consuming to defend against or pursue, and may subject us to significant liability and increased costs of doing business.

We may in the future become subject to and involved in lawsuits, disputes, legal proceedings or claims to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, and we may be subject to claims by third parties that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their intellectual property. Even if we believe that particular intellectual property-related claims are without merit, litigation may be necessary to determine the scope and validity of intellectual property or proprietary rights of others or to protect or enforce our intellectual property rights. The ultimate outcome of any allegation is often uncertain and, regardless of the outcome, lawsuits, with or without merit, are time-consuming and expensive to resolve and they divert management's time and attention and require us to, among other things, redesign or stop providing our products or services, pay substantial amounts to satisfy judgments or settle claims or lawsuits, pay substantial royalty or licensing fees, or satisfy indemnification obligations that we have with certain parties with whom we have commercial relationships. Although we carry insurance, our insurance may not cover potential claims of this type or may not be adequate to indemnify us for all liability that may be imposed. We cannot predict the outcome of lawsuits and cannot assure you that the results of any such actions will not have an adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

The software industry is characterized by the existence of many patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the software industry are often required to defend against litigation claims based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims against their use. We could also face trade name or trademark or service mark

infringement claims brought by owners of other registered or unregistered trademarks or service marks, including trademarks or service marks that may incorporate variations of our brand names. Any claims related to our intellectual property or biller, financial institution or consumer confusion related to our marketplace could damage our reputation and

adversely affect our growth prospects. In addition, many companies have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims that may be brought against them than we do. Any litigation may also involve patent holding companies or other adverse patent owners that have no relevant product revenue, and therefore, our patents may provide little or no deterrence as we would not be able to assert them against such entities or individuals.

If a third party is able to obtain an injunction preventing us from accessing such third-party's intellectual property rights, or if we cannot license or develop alternative technology for any infringing aspect of our business, we would be forced to limit or stop sales of our products or cease business activities related to such intellectual property. Any inability to license third-party technology in the future would have an adverse effect on our business or operating results and would adversely affect our ability to compete.

We also are, and may in the future become, contractually obligated to indemnify our billers, financial institutions and partners in the event of infringement, misappropriation or other violation of a third party's intellectual property rights. Responding to such claims, regardless of their merit, can be time-consuming, costly to defend and damaging to our reputation and brand.

Our business and platform depend in part on intellectual property and proprietary rights and technology licensed from or otherwise made available to us by third parties.

Much of our business and our platform rely on key technologies developed or licensed by third parties. These third-party software components may become obsolete, defective or incompatible with future versions of our services, relationships with the third-party licensors or technology providers may deteriorate, or our agreements with the third-party licensors or technology providers may expire or be terminated. Additionally, some of these licenses or other grants of rights may not be available to us in the future on terms that are acceptable, or at all, or that allow our platform, products and services to remain competitive. Our inability to obtain licenses or rights on favorable terms could have a material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Furthermore, incorporating intellectual property or proprietary rights licensed from or otherwise made available to us by third parties on a non-exclusive basis in our products or services could limit our ability to protect the intellectual property and proprietary rights in our services and our ability to restrict third parties from developing, selling or otherwise providing similar or competitive technology using the same third-party intellectual property or proprietary rights.

We believe we have all the necessary licenses and other grants of rights from third parties to use technology and software that we do not own. A third party could, however, allege that we are infringing its rights, which may deter our ability to obtain licenses or other grants of rights on commercially reasonable terms from the third party, if at all, or cause the third party to commence litigation against us. Our failure to obtain necessary licenses or other rights, or litigation or claims arising out of intellectual property matters, may harm or restrict our business. Even if we were able to obtain a license or other grant of rights, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to or otherwise made available to us. In addition, we could be found liable for significant monetary damages, including treble damages and attorneys' fees, if we are found to have willfully infringed a patent or other intellectual property right. Any such litigation or the failure to obtain any necessary licenses or other rights could adversely impact our business, financial position, results of operations and liquidity.

## Risks Related to Our Class A Common Stock

The market price of our Class A common stock may be volatile or may decline steeply or suddenly regardless of our operating performance, and we may not be able to meet investor or analyst expectations.

The market price of our Class A common stock has, and may continue to, fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, including those described in this 'Risk Factors' section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our Class A common stock. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the market price of our Class A common stock include the following:

· market volatility and economic disruption caused by widespread health issues or pandemics;

· actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results;

· variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts, investors and the financial community;

· any forward-looking financial or operating information we may provide to the public or securities analysts, such as annual guidance, and any changes in this information or our failure to meet expectations based on this information;

45

· actions of securities analysts who initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors;

- whether investors or securities analysts view our stock structure unfavorably, particularly our dual-class structure and the significant voting control of AKKR and our founder and chief executive officer;
- additional shares of our Class A common stock being sold into the market by us or our existing stockholders, or the anticipation of such sales, including if existing stockholders sell shares into the market;
- announcements by us or our competitors of significant products or features, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
- changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of companies in our industry, including our competitors, such as the widespread market revaluation of technology companies generally in 2022;
- price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, including as a result of trends in trading patterns or the economy as a whole;

· lawsuits, claims or investigations threatened, filed or initiated against us;

- developments in new legislation and pending lawsuits or regulatory actions, including interim or final rulings by judicial or regulatory bodies; and

· other events or factors, including those resulting from war or incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events.

In addition, extreme price and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many other technology companies' stock prices. Often, their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies' operating performance. In the past, stockholders have filed securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were to become involved in securities litigation, it could subject us to substantial costs, divert resources and the attention of management from our business and seriously harm our business.

Moreover, because of these fluctuations, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our revenue or operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts that we may provide.

## Future sales of shares, or the perception that such sales could occur, could cause our stock price to decline.

Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock, particularly sales by our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders, or the perception that such sales may occur could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to fall or make it more difficult for you to sell your Class A common stock at a time and price that you deem appropriate.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 19,934,331 shares of Class A common stock and 103,306,842 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. These shares may be sold in the public market in the United States, subject to prior registration in the United States, if required, or reliance upon an exemption from U.S. registration, including, in the case of shares held by affiliates or control persons, compliance with the volume restrictions of Rule 144.

In addition, 1,361,510 shares of Class A common stock and 4,154,390 shares of Class B common stock were subject to outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2022. We have registered the offer and sale of all shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock subject to equity awards outstanding and reserved for issuance under our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The shares covered by that registration statement are eligible for resale in the public markets, subject to Rule 144 limitations applicable to affiliates. If these additional shares are sold, or if it is perceived that they will be sold in the public market, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline.

Furthermore, up to 1,193,880 shares of Class A common stock may be issuable pursuant to a warrant agreement with JPMC Strategic Investments I Corporation. These shares will become eligible for sale in the public market to the extent permitted by the vesting terms of the warrant, and Rules 144 and 701 of the Securities Act.

As of December 31, 2022, the holders of approximately 107 million shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, or certain permitted transferees, are entitled to require us to file registration statements for the public

resale of the shares of Class A common stock, including shares issuable upon conversion of their shares of Class B common stock, or to include such shares in registration statements that we may file, subject to certain conditions. If we register the offer and sale of shares for the holders of registration rights, those shares can be freely sold in the public market upon registration.

The dual class structure of our common stock and our stockholders agreement have the effect of concentrating voting control with AKKR and our founder and chief executive officer, which limits or precludes your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future and may depress the market price of our Class A common stock.

Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. Because of the ten-to-one voting ratio between our Class B common stock and Class A common stock, AKKR and our founder and chief executive officer, collectively controlled approximately 99% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock as of December 31, 2022 and therefore are able to control all matters submitted to our stockholders and will continue to control such matters so long as the shares of Class B common stock represent at least 9.1% of all outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents, compensation matters and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets, or other major corporate transaction requiring stockholder approval. This concentrated control will limit or preclude your ability to influence corporate matters for the foreseeable future.

Further, the stockholders agreement we have entered into with AKKR provides that, for so long as AKKR or certain of its permitted transferees hold more of our outstanding common stock than Mr. Sharma and certain of his affiliates, AKKR has the right to nominate (x) five directors to our board of directors for so long as AKKR beneficially owns at least 10% of our outstanding common stock and (y) two directors to our board of directors for so long as AKKR beneficially owns at least 5% but less than 10% of our outstanding common stock. Moreover, after such time as AKKR ceases to hold more of our outstanding common stock than Mr. Sharma and certain of his affiliates, AKKR will continue to have the right to nominate two directors to our board of directors until such time as AKKR ceases to beneficially own at least 5% of our outstanding common stock.

Future transfers by holders of Class B common stock will generally result in those shares converting to Class A common stock, subject to limited exceptions, such as transfers to affiliates, members or partners of AKKR and transfers for estate planning purposes so long as the transferring holder retains exclusive voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares transferred. The conversion of Class B common stock to Class A common stock will have the effect, over time, of increasing the relative voting power of those holders of Class B common stock who retain their shares in the long term.

In addition, certain index providers have implemented restrictions on including companies with multiple-class share structures in certain of their indices. The FTSE Russell requires new constituents of its indices to have greater than 5% of the company's voting rights in the hands of public stockholders, and S&amp;P Dow Jones does not admit companies with multiple-class share structures to certain of its indices. Affected indices include the Russell 2000 and the S&amp;P 500, S&amp;P MidCap 400 and S&amp;P SmallCap 600, which together make up the S&amp;P Composite 1500. The dual class structure of our common stock makes us ineligible for inclusion in these indices and we cannot assure you that other stock indices will not take similar actions. It is unclear what effect, if any, these policies have on the valuations of publicly traded companies excluded from such indices, but it is possible that they may depress valuations, as compared to similar companies that are included. Further, given the sustained flow of investment funds into passive strategies that seek to track certain indices, exclusion from certain stock indices will likely preclude investment by many of these funds and could make our Class A common stock less attractive to other investors. As a result, the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected.

## AKKR controls us and its interests may conflict with ours or yours in the future.

As of December 31, 2022, AKKR controlled approximately 79.1% of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result, AKKR has the ability to elect all of the members of our board of directors and thereby control our policies and operations, including the appointment of management, future issuances of our Class A common stock or other securities, the payment of dividends, if any, on our Class A common stock, the incurrence of debt by us, amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and the entering into extraordinary transactions, and the interests of AKKR may not in all cases be aligned with our or your interests.

AKKR may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures and other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment in us, even though such transactions might involve risks to you. For example, AKKR could cause us to make acquisitions that increase our indebtedness or cause us to sell revenue-generating assets. Moreover, AKKR

will be able to determine the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval and will be able to cause or prevent a change of control of our company or a change in the composition of our board of directors and could preclude any

acquisition of our company. This concentration of voting control could deprive you of an opportunity to receive a premium for your shares of Class A common stock as part of a sale of our company and ultimately might affect the market price of our Class A common stock.

So long as AKKR continues to beneficially own a sufficient number of shares of Class B common stock, even if it beneficially owns significantly less than 50% of the shares of our outstanding common stock, it will continue to be able to effectively control our decisions. For example, if our Class B common stock amounted to 15% of our outstanding common stock, beneficial owners of our Class B common stock (including AKKR), would collectively control approximately 64% of the voting power of our common stock. Moreover, AKKR will continue to have the right to nominate directors to our board of directors under our stockholders agreement for so long as AKKR beneficially owns at least 5% of our outstanding common stock.

Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions renouncing our interest and expectation to participate in certain corporate opportunities identified by, or presented to, AKKR or its affiliates, which could create conflicts of interest and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by AKKR to itself, its affiliates or third parties instead of to us.

AKKR, our controlling stockholder, is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us or that would be complementary to our business if we acquired them. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, none of AKKR or its affiliates, or any of their respective directors, partners, principals, officers, members, managers or employees, including any of the foregoing who serve as our officers or directors (all of whom we refer to as the 'Exempted Persons'), has any duty to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us or any of our affiliates. In addition, to the fullest extent permitted by law, in the event that any Exempted Person is presented with a business opportunity, even if the opportunity is one that we or our affiliates might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue if granted the opportunity to do so, such Exempted Person has no duty to communicate or offer such business opportunity to us or any of our affiliates. No Exempted Person will be liable to us, any of our affiliates or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary or other duty, solely by reason of the fact that any such Exempted Person pursues or acquires such business opportunity, sells, assigns, transfers or directs such business opportunity to another person or fails to present such business opportunity, or information regarding such business opportunity, to us or any of our affiliates. These provisions could create conflicts of interest and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects if attractive business opportunities are allocated by AKKR or another Exempted Person to itself, its affiliates or third parties instead of to us.

If securities or industry analysts either do not publish research about us or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us, our business or our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A common stock, the market price or trading volume of our Class A common stock could decline.

The trading market for our Class A common stock will be influenced in part by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If one or more of the analysts initiate research with an unfavorable rating or downgrade our Class A common stock, provide a more favorable recommendation about our competitors or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our Class A common stock price would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover us were to cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause the market price or trading volume of our Class A common stock to decline.

We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our Class A common stock less attractive to investors.

We are an emerging growth company, and for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to 'emerging growth companies,' including:

· exemption from the requirement to have our registered independent public accounting firm attest to management's assessment of our internal control over financial reporting;

· exemption from compliance with the requirement of the PCAOB regarding the communication of critical audit matters in the auditor's report on the financial statements;

· reduced disclosure about our executive compensation arrangements; and

48

- exemption from the requirement to hold non-binding advisory votes on executive compensation or golden parachute arrangements.

In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company may take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private companies unless it otherwise irrevocably elects not to avail itself of this exemption. We have elected to use this extended transition period until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period. As a result, our consolidated financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

Our status as an emerging growth company will end as soon as any of the following takes place:

- the last day of the fiscal year in which we have at least $1.235 billion in annual revenue;
- the date we qualify as a 'large accelerated filer,' with at least $700.0 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates;
- the date on which we have issued, in any three-year period, more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities; or
- December 31, 2026.

We cannot predict if investors will find our Class A common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on any of the exemptions afforded emerging growth companies. If some investors find our Class A common stock less attractive because we rely on any of these exemptions, there may be a less active trading market for our Class A common stock and the market price of our Class A common stock may be more volatile.

We have elected to take advantage of the 'controlled company' exemption to the corporate governance rules for New York Stock Exchange-listed companies, which could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price.

AKKR controls a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. Because we qualify as a 'controlled company' under the corporate governance rules for New York Stock Exchange-listed companies, we are not required to have a majority of our board of directors be independent, nor are we required to have an independent compensation committee or an independent nominating function. In light of our status as a controlled company, in the future we could elect not to have a majority of our board of directors be independent or not to have an independent compensation committee or nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, should the interests of our management and AKKR differ from those of other stockholders, the other stockholders may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance rules for New York Stock Exchange-listed companies. Our status as a controlled company could make our Class A common stock less attractive to some investors or otherwise harm our stock price.

## Future securities issuances could result in significant dilution to our stockholders and impair the market price of our Class A common stock.

Future issuances of shares of our Class A common stock, including in connection with acquisitions, or the conversion of a substantial number of shares of our Class B common stock, or the perception that these sales or conversions may occur, could depress the market price of our Class A common stock and result in dilution to existing holders of our Class A common stock. Also, to the extent outstanding options to purchase shares of our Class B common stock are exercised or options or other equity-based awards are issued or become vested, there will be further dilution. The amount of dilution could be substantial depending upon the size of the issuances or exercises. Furthermore, we may issue additional equity securities that could have rights senior to those of our Class A common stock.

Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents or applicable state law could make an acquisition of us difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and depress the market price of our Class A common stock.

In addition to AKKR controlling a substantial majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our Class A common stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. Among other things, these provisions provide that:

· we have a dual class common stock structure, with differing voting rights; 49

- the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors;
- any vacancies on the board of directors and any newly created directorships may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum;
- our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which stands for election once every three years;
- there is no cumulative voting;
- the board of directors may issue 'blank check' preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan;
- the board of directors may adopt, alter or repeal our bylaws;
- the forum for certain litigation against us is restricted to Delaware; and
- stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner, and also meet specific requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder's notice.

Additional provisions will become effective on such date when AKKR and its affiliates cease to beneficially own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of our capital stock, which, among other things, provide that:

- stockholders may not call special meetings of stockholders or act by written consent;
- directors may only be removed from office for cause and with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; and
- amending certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws will be subject to super-majority voting thresholds.

Moreover, our certificate of incorporation contains a provision that provides us with protections similar to Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or the DGCL, and prevents us from engaging in a business combination with certain interested stockholders (excluding AKKR, certain of its direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which AKKR is a party), including a person who owns 15% or more of our voting stock for a period of three years from the date such person acquired such common stock, unless approval from our board of directors or stockholders is obtained prior to the acquisition and subject to other exceptions.

In addition, certain state laws may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous.

Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or under any applicable state law, that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Class A common stock.

Our bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, and also provide that the federal district courts are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act, each of which could limit our stockholders' ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders or employees.

Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, stockholders, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware), except for any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such

court within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This provision does not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Section 22 of the Securities Act establishes concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over Securities Act claims. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to hear such claims. To prevent having to litigate

50

claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States are the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our current or former directors, officers, stockholders or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders and other employees. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions.

Further, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies' organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court of law could rule that these types of provisions are inapplicable or unenforceable if they are challenged in a proceeding or otherwise. If a court were to find either exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur significant additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, all of which could harm our results of operations.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 2. Properties

We are headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. We also lease office space in Charlotte, North Carolina, Richmond Hill, Canada (part of the Greater Toronto Area) and in Delhi, Gurugram, and Bangalore, India. The table below sets forth certain information regarding these properties, all of which are leased.  We also lease several smaller properties on a month-to-month basis.

| Location  Type  Square Footage  (approximate)  Lease  Expiration  Charlotte, North Carolina  Corporate Headquarters  26,700  March 31, 2027  Richmond Hill, Canada  Office space  56,000  March 31, 2031  Richmond Hill, Canada  Office space  3,000  May 31, 2025  Delhi, India  Office space  4,100  October 23, 2025  Gurugram, India  Office space  19,800  February 1, 2023  (1)  Bangalore, India  Office space  4,000  December 31, 2023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1) Lease term converted to month-to-month upon expiration.

For leases that are scheduled to expire during the next 12 months, we may negotiate new lease agreements, renew existing lease agreements or relocate to alternate facilities. We believe that our facilities are adequate for our needs and believe that we should be able to renew any of the above leases or secure alternative suitable property without an adverse impact on our operations.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

From time to time, we are involved in legal proceedings and subject to claims that arise in the ordinary course of our business, which may include claims relating to contractual disputes, product liability, tort or personal injury, employment, intellectual property or other commercial or regulatory matters. In addition, if current or future government regulations are

interpreted or enforced in a manner adverse to our business, including among other things, those related to security and privacy laws, we may be subject to investigations, enforcement actions, penalties, damages, material limitations on our business, and reputational harm. Furthermore, we may become subject to stockholder inspection demands under Delaware law and derivative or other similar litigation. Although the results of legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe we are not currently party to any legal proceedings which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Market Information

Paymentus Holdings, Inc. Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol 'PAY.' There is no established trading market for our Class B common stock.

## Holders

Based on the records of our transfer agent, as of February 28, 2023, there were 41 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 14 holders of record of our Class B common stock. Because a substantial portion of our shares of Class A common stock are held by brokers and institutions on behalf of stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of our Class A common stock represented by these record holders.

## Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and we do not currently intend to pay any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support operations and to finance the growth and development of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors subject to applicable laws and will depend upon, among other factors, our operating results, financial condition, contractual restrictions and capital requirements. Our future ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be limited by any future debt instruments or preferred securities.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

All sales of unregistered securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 have been previously reported in   our filings with the SEC.

## Purchases of Equity Securities

Except as previously reported in filings with the SEC, there were no repurchases of equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not have any publicly announced or other repurchase plans regarding our Class A common stock.

## Stock Performance Graph

The following graph and table compare the total stockholder return from May 26, 2021, the date on which our Class A common stock commenced trading on NYSE through December 31, 2022, based on an initial investment of $100 in each of:

- our Class A common stock;
- the Standard and Poor's 500 Stock Index, or S&amp;P 500 Index; and
- the Standard and Poor's 500 Information Technology Index, or S&amp;P Information Technology.

The performance graph and table are not intended to be indicative of future performance. The performance graph and table shall not be deemed 'soliciting material' or to be 'filed' with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any of the Company's filings under the Securities Act.

<!-- image -->

| May 26, 2021  June 30, 2021  September 30,  2021  December 31,  2021  March 31,  2022  June 30,  2022  September 30,  2022  December 31,  2022  Paymentus Holdings, Inc.  $  100.00  $  123.76  $  109.48  $  57.12  $  47.60  $  61.88  $  47.60  $  38.08  S&amp;P 500 Index  100.00  90.46  87.48  79.10  81.60  75.70  71.72  76.80  S&amp;P Information Technology  100.00  111.44  108.04  94.60  94.88  88.92  83.20  86.88   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We will neither make nor endorse any predictions as to future stock performance or whether the trends depicted in the graph above will continue or change in the future.

## Item 6. [Reserved]

## Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. As discussed in the section titled 'Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,' the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, as well as assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, those discussed in 'Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements' and those discussed in the section titled 'Risk Factors' under Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

A discussion of changes in our results of operations from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2021 and a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources for 2020 has been omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K but may be found under the heading 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Comparison of

the Years Ended December 31, 2021 and 2020' and '-Liquidity and Capital Resources-"Sources and Uses of Funds" and "-Historical Cash Flows" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SECs website at www.sec.gov and our website at https://ir.paymentus.com/home/default.aspx.

## Overview

We are a leading provider of cloud-based bill payment technology and solutions. We deliver our next-generation product suite through a modern technology stack to more than 1,900 biller business and financial institution clients. Our platform was used by approximately 27 million consumers and businesses in North America in December 2022 to pay their bills, make money movements and engage with our clients. We serve billers of all sizes that primarily provide non-discretionary services across a variety of industry verticals, including utilities, financial services, insurance, government, telecommunications and healthcare. We also serve financial institutions by providing them with a modern platform that their customers use for bill payment, account-to-account transfers and person-to-person transfers. By powering this comprehensive network of billers and financial institutions, each with their own set of bill payment requirements, we believe we have created an enviable feedback loop that enables us to continuously drive innovation, grow our business and uniquely improve the electronic bill payment experience for participants in the bill payment ecosystem.

Our platform provides our clients with easy-to-use, flexible and secure electronic bill payment experiences powered by an omni-channel payment infrastructure that allows consumers to pay their bills using their preferred payment type and channel. Because our biller platform is developed on a single code base and leverages a SaaS infrastructure, we can rapidly deploy new features and tools to our entire biller base simultaneously. Through a single point of integration to our billers' core financial and operating systems, our mission-critical solutions provide our billers with a payments operating system that helps them collect revenue faster and more profitably and empower their consumers with the information and transparency needed to control their finances.

We generate substantially all of our revenue from payment transaction fees and have achieved significant growth through our capital efficient model. We rely on a diversified go-to-market strategy to reach new billers. We acquire new billers through direct sales channels, software and strategic partnerships and our Instant Payment Network, or IPN, which together promote rapid adoption of our platform through partnerships with leading business networks. Through these channels, our platform reaches millions of consumers, driving transaction growth.

Our revenue is highly visible. We derive the majority of our revenue from a fee paid per transaction by the consumer, the biller or a combination of both. Our usage-based monetization strategy aligns our economic success with the success of our billers and partners. Since we benefit from increased transactional volume, we do not charge separate license fees or implementation fees. In addition, our modern platform architecture allows us to provide integration, implementation, maintenance and upgrades at no additional cost to billers.

## Impact of Economic and Inflationary Trends

In 2022, the United States economy experienced inflationary conditions, increased interest rates and two consecutive quarters of decreased gross domestic product. While we believe our business is resilient and can generally weather unusual levels of inflation, the economic uncertainty and continuing inflationary pressures, which have been particularly acute in the utility sector, impacted our 2022 financial performance and will likely impact our 2023 performance. For example, some of our clients have deferred anticipated 2022 implementations into 2023 or are reevaluating the development of technology resources, which will delay expected revenue recognition. Furthermore, inflationary pressure is resulting in higher average bills, particularly in the utility sector, and increased interchange fees. While we are seeking to adjust our prices to address the inflationary pressures, our ability to do so typically lags behind the impact of inflation on our clients, the increase in average bill amounts and increased interchange fees. We intend to continue to manage through this uncertain economic environment by working closely with clients on implementations and price adjustments. In addition, although we are focused on prudent expense management, we are seeing ongoing wage pressure in our current workforce due to the levels of inflation, which is also putting some short-term pressure on our EBITDA margins.

Potential Impacts of the Widespread Health Issues or Pandemics

We are subject to many risks associated with widespread health issues, such as the recent COVID-19 pandemic, which can result in significantly curtailing the movement of people, goods and services in the United States, where we generate substantially all of our revenue, and worldwide, where we are targeting future growth. Precautionary measures we may take and government policies instituted in the event of future widespread health issues could negatively impact employee productivity, training and collaboration or otherwise disrupt our business operations. In addition, such restrictions may impact certain of our sales efforts, marketing efforts and implementations, adversely affecting the effectiveness of such efforts in some cases and potentially inhibiting future growth.

In addition, widespread health issues may disrupt the operations of our billers and partners for an indefinite period of time, which in turn could negatively impact our business and operating results. See the section titled 'Risk Factors-Widespread health issues or pandemics could have a material adverse impact on our employees, billers, financial institutions, partners, consumers and other key stakeholders, which could materially and adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition.'

## Components of Results of Operations

## Revenue

We generate substantially all of our revenue from payment transaction fees. Transaction fees are fees collected for each transaction processed through our platform, on either a fixed basis or variable basis based on the transaction value, with the actual fees dependent on type of transaction, payment or transaction channel and industry vertical. However, irrespective of these factors, the transaction fees that we receive are generally consistent across transaction types, payment and transaction channels and industry verticals. We receive such transaction fees directly from billers, financial institutions, partners or, in some cases, from consumers as a convenience fee.

## Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin

Cost of revenue consists of certain direct costs that are directly attributed to processing transactions on our platform. This includes interchange, assessment and network expenses incurred for processing payments as well as costs of servicing our clients through product support, implementations and customer care. Cost of revenue also includes an allocation of hosting and data center costs for our infrastructure and platform environment, telecommunication expenses used by sales and customer support teams and a portion of amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs and a portion of amortization of intangible assets, including amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of our acquisitions of other businesses. We expect that cost of revenue will increase in absolute dollars, but it may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period, as our transaction mix changes and we continue to invest in growing our business across all geographical segments, including through the acquisition of other businesses.

There are external factors that impact interchange fees, such as the average transaction amount in a particular month or quarter. For example, hot summers and cold winters tend to increase utility bills, and property taxes result in two larger payments per year, each of which increases our interchange cost.

Gross profit is equal to our revenue less cost of revenue. Gross profit as a percentage of our revenue is referred to as gross margin. Our gross margin has been and will continue to be affected by a number of factors, including average transaction value, payment type and payments and transactions through our IPN.

## Operating Expenses

## Research and Development

Research and development expenses consist of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses, incurred in developing new products or enhancing existing products and are expensed as incurred, unless they qualify as internal-use software development costs, which are capitalized and amortized. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars, but they may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period as we expand our research and development team to develop new products and product enhancements. Over the longer term, we expect research and development expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue as we leverage the scale of our business.

## Sales and Marketing

Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses for sales and marketing personnel, sales commissions, partner fees, marketing program expenses, travel-related

expenses and costs to market and promote our platform through advertisements, marketing events, partnership arrangements and direct biller acquisition as well as amortization of intangible assets acquired as part of our acquisitions

of other businesses. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to increase in absolute dollars, but they may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period.

## General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including stock-based compensation expenses for finance, risk management, legal and compliance, human resources, information technology and facilities personnel. General and administrative expenses also include costs incurred for external professional services and other corporate expenses. We expect to incur additional general and administrative expenses as a result of operating as a public company, and to support the growth in our business. We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase in absolute dollars, but they may fluctuate as a percentage of revenue from period to period. Over the longer term, we expect general and administrative expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue as we leverage the scale of our business.

## Factors Affecting Our Performance

## Increased Adoption of Electronic Bill Payment Solutions

As the number of financial transactions online continues to increase, electronic bill payment is becoming a greater share of the bill payment market. We have observed that consumers demand a frictionless electronic bill payment experience and increasingly prefer more flexible and innovative digital payment options. We expect this trend to continue, providing us with a greater opportunity to provide next-generation bill and digital payment technology and power more transactions, further fueling our growth.

## Acquiring New and Maintaining Existing Billers and Financial Institutions

Our future growth depends on the continued adoption of our platform by new billers and financial institutions, as well as maintaining our existing billers and financial institutions. We intend to continue investing in our efficient go-to-market strategies, increasing brand awareness and driving adoption of our platform and products. We had more than 1,900 billers and financial institution clients as of December 31, 2022, including billers of all sizes and across numerous vertical markets and financial institutions of all sizes. Our ability to attract new, and maintain existing, billers and financial institutions and drive adoption of our platform will depend on a number of factors, including the effectiveness and pricing of our products, offerings of our competitors and the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. Our growth and performance also depends on our ability to promptly implement and begin recognizing revenues from our new billers and financial institutions.

## Expanding Usage of Our Platform with Existing Billers and Financial Institutions

We believe our large base of existing billers and financial institutions represents a significant opportunity for further consumption of our platform. We believe our solutions create a superior experience for consumers and accelerate revenue realization for billers, which drives increased usage of our platform. We intend to continue investing in this value proposition. Leveraging our platform to capture more transactions from our existing biller and financial institution base is expected to organically drive transaction growth at lower cost.

## Growing Our Partner Base

We believe there is a significant opportunity to increase the transactions on our platform through expanding our base of software, strategic and IPN partners. While revenue derived from or through our IPN partnerships has not been significant historically, we expect that the revenue contribution from our IPN will grow over time. As our IPN partner base expands, and new partners use our platform to power bill payment experiences within their ecosystems, we expect to organically expand the reach of our platform to millions of new consumers and thereby drive new, revenue-generating transactions to our platform. We intend to invest in the expansion of our partner base, including the addition of new IPN partners, because our ability to secure new partners will have a direct impact on our transaction growth.

## Investing in Sales and Marketing

We will continue to expand efforts to market our platform through our diversified sales and marketing strategy. We intend to invest in sales and marketing strategies that we believe will drive further brand awareness and preference among our billers, financial institutions, partners and consumers. Given the nature of our biller, financial institution, and partner base, our investment in sales and marketing in a given period may not impact results until subsequent periods. We approach sales and marketing spend strategically to maintain efficient biller and partner acquisition.

We will continue to invest in our platform and IPN to maintain our position as a leading provider of biller communication and payments. To drive adoption and increase penetration of our platform, we intend to continue to introduce new products and features. We believe that investment in research and development will contribute to our long-term growth, but may also negatively impact our short-term profitability. We will continue to leverage emerging technologies and invest in the development of more features and better functionality for consumers.

## Key Performance and Non-GAAP Measures

We use the following metrics to measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, prepare financial projections and make strategic decisions. We believe that these key performance and non-GAAP measures provide meaningful supplemental information for management and investors in assessing our historical and future operating performance. The calculation of the key performance and non-GAAP measures discussed below may differ from other similarly titled metrics used by other companies, securities analysts or investors.

## Transactions Processed

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in millions)  Transactions processed  366.8  280.5  195.0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We define transactions processed as the number of revenue generating payment transactions, such as checks, credit card and debit card transactions, automated clearing house, or ACH, items and emerging payment types, which are initiated and generally processed through our platform during a period. The number of transactions also includes account-to-account and person-to-person transfers. The number of transactions processed during the year ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 30.8% as compared to 2021.The number of transactions processed during the year ended December 31, 2021 increased approximately 43.8% as compared to 2020. The increase for both years was primarily driven by the addition of new billers and increased transactions from our existing billers.

## Non-GAAP Measures

We use supplemental measures of our performance that are derived from our consolidated financial information but which are not presented in our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. These supplemental non-GAAP measures include contribution profit, adjusted gross profit, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow.

## Contribution Profit

We calculate contribution profit as gross profit plus other cost of revenue. Other cost of revenue equals cost of revenue less interchange and assessment fees paid by us to our payment processors.

## Adjusted Gross Profit

We calculate adjusted gross profit as gross profit adjusted for non-cash items, primarily stock-based compensation and amortization.

## Adjusted EBITDA

We calculate adjusted EBITDA as net income before other income (expense) (which consists of interest income (expense), net and foreign exchange gain (loss)), depreciation and amortization, income taxes, adjusted to exclude the effects of stock-based compensation expense and certain nonrecurring expenses that management believes are not indicative of ongoing operations, consisting primarily of professional fees and other indirect charges associated with our initial public offering, or IPO.

## Free Cash Flow

We calculate free cash flow as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures and capitalized internal-use software development costs.

We use non-GAAP measures to supplement financial information presented on a GAAP basis. We believe that excluding certain items from our GAAP results allows management and our board of directors to more fully understand

57

our consolidated financial performance from period to period and helps management project our future consolidated financial performance as forecasts are developed at a level of detail different from that used to prepare GAAP-based financial measures. Moreover, we believe these non-GAAP measures provide our investors with useful information to help them evaluate our operating results by facilitating an enhanced understanding of our operating performance and enabling them to make more meaningful period-to-period comparisons. In particular, we exclude interchange and assessment fees in the presentation of contribution profit because we believe inclusion is less directly reflective of our operating performance as we do not control the payment channel used by consumers, which is the primary determinant of the amount of interchange and assessment fees. We use contribution profit to measure the amount available to fund our operations after interchange and assessment fees, which are directly linked to the number of transactions we process and thus our revenue and gross profit. There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP measures presented in this report. Our non-GAAP measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies; other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. These non-GAAP measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP.

We also urge you to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures included below. To properly and prudently evaluate our business, we encourage you to review the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report and to not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business.

## Contribution Profit

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Gross profit  $  149,678  $  121,380  $  92,627  Plus: other cost of revenue  51,622  37,098  27,876  Contribution profit  $  201,300  $  158,478  $  120,503   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In general, contribution profit is driven by the number of transactions we process offset by network fees associated with processing those transactions. The amount of contribution profit per transaction may vary due to a variety of factors including client size, type and industry as well as whether the client is a biller, financial institution or other partner. Contribution profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately 27.0% as compared to 2021 and increased approximately 31.5% for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2020. The increase in both years was primarily driven by the addition of new billers and increased transactions from our existing billers. For 2022, contribution profit increased at a slower rate than transactions processed due to a continued mix shift to larger, high volume clients.

## Adjusted Gross Profit

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Gross profit  $  149,678  $  121,380  $  92,627  Stock-based compensation  -  -  -  Amortization  12,077  6,005  3,513  Adjusted gross profit  $  161,755  $  127,385  $  96,140   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Adjusted gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 27.0% as compared to 2021 and increase 32.5% for the year ended December 31, 2021 as compared to 2020.  Adjusted gross profit is driven primarily by the same factors that impact gross profit with the exception of excluding the amortization in cost of revenue. The increase in amortization was driven by additional amortization of capitalization of software costs as well as amortization of acquired intangibles associated with the 2021 acquisition of Payveris and Finovera.

## Adjusted EBITDA

(1) Other nonrecurring expenses consists of indirect costs incurred associated with completion of our IPO in 2021 and an estimated liability booked in 2022 related to the potential cost of terminating a commercial contract.

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,300  $  13,711  Excluding  Interest (expense) income, net  (1,663)  6  (52)  Provision for (benefit from) income taxes  (795)  1,066  4,653  Depreciation and amortization  24,063  13,295  8,069  Foreign exchange loss (gain)  (5)  1  116  Stock-based compensation  6,736  3,136  1,994  Other nonrecurring expenses(1)  769  2,711  -  Adjusted EBITDA  $  28,592  $  29,515  $  28,491   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As adjusted EBITDA is a measure of profitability, it would generally be expected to move in line with revenue, contribution profit, gross profit and adjusted gross profit. However, it decreased from 2021 to 2022 due to our investment in sales and marketing and research and development in order to drive future growth of the business as well as the increased costs associated with being a public company and the impact of the Payveris and Finovera acquisitions.

## Free Cash Flow

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Net cash provided by operating activities  $  19,867  $  19,493  $  35,620  Purchases of property and equipment  (1,257)  (979)  (458)  Other intangible assets acquired  (280)  (130)  -  Capitalized internal-use software development costs  (29,763)  (19,300)  (14,389)  Free cash flow  $  (11,433)  $  (916)  $  20,773  Net cash used in investing activities(1)  $  (34,560)  $  (77,809)  $  (15,137)  Net cash provided by financing activities  $  (37,283)  $  213,487  $  (1,358)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Net cash used in investing activities includes payments for purchases of property and equipment and costs related to capitalized internal-use software development, which is also included in our calculation of free cash flow.

## Results of Operations

The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Revenue  $  497,001  $  395,524  $  301,767  Cost of revenue  (1)  347,323  274,144  209,140  Gross profit  149,678  121,380  92,627  Operating expenses  Research and development  (1)  41,220  34,122  24,510  Sales and marketing  (1)  73,295  43,917  31,842  General and administrative  (1)  38,139  32,968  17,847  Total operating expenses  152,654  111,007  74,199  (Loss) income from operations  (2,976)  10,373  18,428  Other income (expense)  Interest income (expense), net  1,663  (6)  52   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Foreign exchange gain (loss)  5  (1)  (116)  (Loss) income before income taxes  (1,308)  10,366  18,364  (Provision for) benefit from income taxes  795  (1,066)  (4,653)  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,300  $  13,711   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)Stock-based compensation expense was allocated in cost of revenue and operating expenses as follows:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Cost of revenue  $  -  $  -  $  -  Research and development  1,647  517  27  Sales and marketing  1,736  280  34  General and administrative  3,353  2,339  1,933  Total stock-based compensation  $  6,736  $  3,136  $  1,994   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the components of our consolidated statements of operations for the periods presented as a percentage of revenue:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenue  100.0%  100.0%  100.0%  Cost of revenue  69.9  69.3  69.3  Gross profit  30.1  30.7  30.7  Operating expenses  Research and development  8.3  8.6  8.1  Sales and marketing  14.7  11.1  10.6  General and administrative  7.7  8.4  5.9  Total operating expenses  30.7  28.1  24.6  (Loss) income from operations  (0.6)  2.6  6.1  Other income (expense)  Interest income (expense), net  0.3  -  -  Foreign exchange gain (loss)  -  -  -  (Loss) income before income taxes  (0.3)  2.6  6.1  (Provision for) benefit from income taxes  0.2  (0.3)  (1.5)  Net (loss) income  (0.1%)  2.3%  4.6%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Comparison of the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Revenue

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  Amount  %  (dollars in thousands)  Revenue  $  497,001  $  395,524  $  101,477  25.7   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in revenue was primarily due to an increase in the number of transactions processed, which was driven by the implementation of new billers, increased transactions from our existing billers and additional transactions as a result of the Payveris and Finovera acquisitions, offset by a decrease in the revenue we received per transaction on a blended basis.

## Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  Amount  %  (dollars in thousands)  Cost of revenue  $  347,323  $  274,144  $  73,179  26.7  Gross profit  $  149,678  $  121,380  $  28,298  23.3  Gross margin  30.1%  30.7%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The increase in cost of revenue was driven by the increase in revenue and transactions processed as it consists primarily of interchange fees and processor costs, driven by higher average bill amounts due primarily to inflation, as well as other direct and indirect costs associated with making our platform available to our billers.

Gross margin was consistent during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. 60

## Operating Expenses

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  Amount  %  (dollars in thousands)  Operating expenses  Research and development  $  41,220  $  34,122  $  7,098  20.8  Sales and marketing  73,295  43,917  29,378  66.9  General and administrative  38,139  32,968  5,171  15.7  Total operating expenses  $  152,654  $  111,007  $  41,647  Percentage of total revenue  Research and development  8.3%  8.6%  Sales and marketing  14.7%  11.1%  General and administrative  7.7%  8.4%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Research and Development Expenses

The increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including benefits due to an increase in headcount as we continued to invest in building and adding additional features and functionality to our platform. Additionally, we incurred increased hosting costs as we transitioned from data center to the cloud and an increase stock-based compensation associated with equity grants.

## Sales and Marketing Expenses

The increase in sales and marketing expenses was primarily due to an increase in employee-related costs, including benefits, as we continued to expand our sales and marketing efforts with additional headcount in order to continue to drive our growth. In addition, we incurred amortization expense related to the identifiable intangible assets from the 2021 Payveris and Finovera acquisitions, as well as increased stock-based compensation associated with routine grants.

## General and Administrative Expenses

The increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily due to the increased costs of operating as a public company, including increases in employee-related costs, including benefits and stock-based compensation, due to an increase in general and administrative headcount.

## Other Income (Loss)

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  Amount  %  (dollars in thousands)  Interest income, net  $  1,663  $  (6)  $  1,669  n/m  Foreign exchange gain (loss)  5  (1)  6  n/m   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The change in interest income, net was primarily due to interest expense recorded for finance leases offset by interest on the higher cash balance as a result of the IPO.

Income Taxes

| Year Ended December 31,  Change  2022  2021  Amount  %  (dollars in thousands)  Benefit from (provision for) income  taxes  $  795  $  (1,066)  $  1,861  (174.6)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The change in benefit from (provision for) income taxes, as well as the increase in our effective tax rate, which increased to 60.8% for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to 10.4% for the same period in the prior year, was primarily due to the excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation from option exercises, offset by the impact of non-deductible expenses for executive compensation, state taxes and the valuation allowance recorded against the net U.S. deferred tax assets.  Further, the decline in pre-tax income to nearly break-even from the prior year also had the effect of causing rate impact items to have a higher percentage impact on the rate overall given the smaller base of pre-tax income.

## Sources and Uses of Funds

As of December 31, 2022, we had $147.3 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents. We believe that existing unrestricted cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to support our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. Since inception, we have financed operations primarily through the sale of equity securities and revenue from payment transaction fees and subscriptions. Our principal uses of cash are funding operations, which primarily consist of employee-related costs, and acquisitions. Currently, we do not have any material planned capital expenditures in the next 12 months.

From time to time, we may explore additional financing sources and means to lower our cost of capital, which could include equity, equity-linked and debt financing. We cannot assure you that any additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to raise capital would adversely affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity or equity-linked securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. If we raise additional financing by the incurrence of indebtedness, we may be subject to increased fixed payment obligations and could be subject to additional restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business or execute our growth strategy. Any future indebtedness we incur may result in terms that could be unfavorable to equity investors.

## Historical Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our consolidated cash flows.

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  Net cash provided by (used in)  Operating activities  $  19,867  $  19,493  $  35,620  Investing activities  (34,560)  (77,809)  (15,137)  Financing activities  (37,283)  213,487  (1,358)  Effects of foreign exchange on cash, cash equivalents and  restricted cash  (168)  (8)  114  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted  cash  $  (52,144)  $  155,163  $  19,239   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities

Our primary source of operating cash is revenue from payment transaction fees. Our primary uses of operating cash are personnel-related costs, payments to third parties to fulfill our payment transactions and payments to sales and marketing partners. Net cash provided by operating activities mainly consists of our net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, other non-cash income and expense items, and net changes in operating assets and liabilities.

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was $19.9 million, primarily consisting of our net loss of $0.5 million, non-cash charges of $24.1 million in depreciation and amortization, $2.1 million in non-cash lease expense related to our operating right-of-use assets, $2.1 million in amortization of contract asset, $6.7 million in stock-based compensation, $0.3 million in the provision for credit losses, $3.0 million for deferred income taxes, and net cash outflows of $11.9 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities include a $24.3 million increase in accounts and other receivables due to higher sales and relative timing of our cash collections, and an increase of $1.8 million in operating lease liabilities, due to new leases added.  These amounts were partially offset by a $4.8 million increase in accounts payable due to the timing of payments, an increase of $3.4 million in accrued liabilities, increase of $3.3 million in contract liabilities, $1.5 million in income taxes receivable, net and a decrease of $1.2 million in prepaid expenses.

Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $19.5 million, primarily consisting of our net income of $9.3 million, adjusted for non-cash charges of $13.3 million in depreciation and amortization, $2.5 million in non-cash lease expense related to our operating right-of-use assets, $3.1 million in stock-based compensation, $0.7 million in amortization of contract assets recorded as contra revenue related to the

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

recognition of the warrant issued to JPMC Strategic Investments I Corporation, and net cash outflows of $8.7 million provided by changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The main drivers of the changes in operating assets and liabilities includes a $14.7 million increase in accounts and other receivables due to higher sales and relative timing of our cash collections,

and increase of $0.8 million in income taxes receivable, net and a $2.4 million decrease in operating lease liabilities, due to current period payments on operating leases. These amounts were partially offset by a $7.4 million increase in accounts payable due to the timing of payments, a decrease of $1.3 million in prepaid expenses and an increase of $0.5 million in contract liabilities.

## Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

Cash used in our investing activities consists primarily of cash paid for acquisitions, capitalized internal-use software development costs, purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets.

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of $29.8 million of capitalized internal-use software development costs, $3.3 million of cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired and $1.3 million of purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets.

Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of $57.4 million of cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired and contingent consideration, $19.3 million of capitalized internal-use software development costs and $1.1 million of purchases of property and equipment and intangible assets.

## Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities

Cash provided by (used in) financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from the IPO and private placement and option exercises offset by the redemption of the Series A preferred stock, payment of deferred offering costs related to the IPO, changes in financial institution funds in-transit, and payments on capital lease and other financing arrangements and principal payments on debt.

Net cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of a decrease in financial institution funds in-transit of $33.4 million, $5.3 million of payments on finance leases and other financing obligations, offset by proceeds of $1.5 million from the exercise of stock options.

Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of proceeds from the IPO of $224.6 million, proceeds from the concurrent private placement of $50.0, an increase in financial institution funds in-transit of $2.0 million, proceeds of $0.8 million from the repayment of a related party loan and proceeds of $0.3 million from the exercise of stock options, offset by $23.0 million for the redemption of the Series A preferred stock, $34.4 million for the payment of dividends on the Series A preferred stock, $4.9 million of payments on finance leases and other financing obligations and $2.0 million of payments of deferred offering costs directly related to our IPO.

## Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments

The following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments in cash as of December 31, 2022:

| Payments Due by Period:  Total  Less than  1 Year  1 - 3 Years  3 -5 Years  More than  5 Years  (in  thousands)  Operating lease liabilities  (1)  11,070  1,880  3,700  2,827  2,663  Finance lease liabilities  (2)  102  102  -  -  -  Purchase obligations  (3)  8,100  4,416  3,684  -  -  $  19,272  $  6,398  $  7,384  $  2,827  $  2,663   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)Consists of operating lease liabilities for our offices and data centers.

(2)Consists of finance lease liabilities for equipment.

(3)Consists of purchase obligations which were not recognized on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, related primarily to infrastructure services and IT software and maintenance service costs.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements and do not have any holdings in variable interest entities.

## Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosure of 63

contingent assets and liabilities, revenue and expenses at the date of the financial statements. Generally, we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions in accordance with GAAP that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we consider the most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations because they require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. The critical accounting policies and estimates that we believe have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described below. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information.

## Revenue Recognition

Application of the accounting principles in GAAP related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates. Complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting. Specifically, the determination of whether we are a principal to a transaction or an agent can require considerable judgment. We have concluded that we are typically the principal in our payment processing arrangements as we control the service on our platform. We also typically contract directly with our billers and have complete pricing latitude on the processing fees charged to our billers. As such, we bear the credit risk for network fees and transactions charged back to the biller. In circumstances where we have minimum revenue or transaction commitments, determining the appropriate accounting treatment of fixed and variable consideration may require considerable judgment.

We will evaluate our accounts receivable portfolio to determine if an allowance for doubtful accounts is necessary. The development of the allowance for doubtful accounts is based on an expected loss model that considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and a review of past due amounts, historical write-off and recovery experience, as well as aging trends affecting specific accounts and general operational factors affecting all accounts. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote.

We consider current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. If circumstances relating to specific billers change or unanticipated changes occur in the general business environment, our estimate of the recoverability of receivables could be further adjusted.

## Business Combinations

Upon acquisition of a company, we determine if the transaction is a business combination, which is accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. Under the acquisition method, once control is obtained of a business, the assets acquired, and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair value. We use our best estimates and assumptions to assign fair value to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date. One of the most significant estimates relates to the determination of the fair value of these assets and liabilities. The determination of the fair values is based on estimates and judgments made by management. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. Measurement period adjustments are reflected at the time identified, up through the conclusion of the measurement period, which is the time at which all information for determination of the values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received, and is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date. We may record adjustments to the fair value of these tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill.

Additionally, uncertain tax positions and tax-related valuation allowances are initially recorded in connection with a business combination as of the acquisition date. We continue to collect information and reevaluate these estimates and assumptions periodically and record any adjustments to preliminary estimates to goodwill, provided we are within the measurement period. If outside of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to the consolidated statement of operations.

## Internal-use Software Development Costs

Internal-use software development costs consist of personnel costs, including related benefits, incurred to develop functionality for our platform, as well as certain upgrades and enhancements that are expected to result in enhanced functionality. We capitalize certain software development costs for new offerings as well as upgrades to our existing software platforms. We amortize these development costs over the estimated useful life of three to five years on a

straight-line basis. We believe there are two key estimates within the internal-use capitalized software development balance, which are the determination of the useful life of the software and the determination of the amounts to be capitalized.

We determined that a three to five year life is appropriate for our internal-use software based on our best estimate of the useful life of the internally developed software after considering factors such as continuous developments in the technology, obsolescence and anticipated life of the service offering before significant upgrades. Based on our prior experience, internally generated software will generally remain in use for a minimum of three to five years before being significantly replaced or modified to keep up with evolving biller and company needs. While we do not anticipate any significant changes to this three to five year estimate, a change in this estimate could produce a material impact on our financial statements. For example, if we received information that indicated the useful life of all internally developed software was one year rather than three to five, our capitalized software balance would materially decrease and our expense would materially increase.

We determine the amount of internal-use software development costs to be capitalized based on the amount of time spent by our developers on projects. Costs associated with building or significantly enhancing our platforms are capitalized, while costs associated with planning new developments and maintaining our platform are expensed as incurred. There is judgment involved in estimating the stage of development as well as estimating time allocated to a particular project. A significant change in the time spent on each project could have a material impact on the amount capitalized and related amortization expense in subsequent periods.

## Valuation of Goodwill and Intangibles

The valuation of assets acquired in a business combination and asset impairment reviews require the use of significant estimates and assumptions. The acquisition method of accounting for business combinations requires us to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in an acquired business to allocate purchase price consideration between assets that are depreciated and amortized and goodwill. Impairment testing for assets, other than goodwill requires the comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds these estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group. Our estimates are based upon assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. These valuations require the use of management's assumptions, which do not reflect unanticipated events and circumstances that may occur.

We evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis, or sooner if indicators of impairment exist. Under GAAP, the evaluation of goodwill for impairment allows for a qualitative assessment to be performed. In performing these qualitative assessments, we consider relevant events and conditions, including but not limited to: macroeconomic trends, industry and market conditions, overall financial performance, cost factors, company-specific events, legal and regulatory factors and our market capitalization. If the qualitative assessments indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amounts, we must perform a quantitative impairment test.

Goodwill impairment is recognized when the quantitative assessment results in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value, in which case an impairment charge is recorded to goodwill to the extent the carrying value exceeds the fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill. Measurement of the fair value of a reporting unit is based on one or more of the following fair value measures: amounts at which the unit as a whole could be bought or sold in a current transaction between willing parties, present value techniques of estimated future cash flows, valuation techniques based on multiples of earnings or revenue or a similar performance measure.

## Stock-based Compensation

We measure and recognize stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based awards, including grants of restricted stock units, or RSUs, and options to purchase stock granted to employees, outside directors and consultants based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the grant date of the award with the compensation expense recognized on a straight -line basis over the vesting period of the award. Forfeitures are accounted for in the period in which they occur.

The fair value of an RSU is measured using the market price of our Class A common stock on the date of grant. We estimate grant date fair value for options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The determination of the fair value of options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the estimated fair value of our common stock, as well as assumptions regarding a number of variables that are complex, subjective and generally require significant judgment to determine. If factors change and different assumptions are used, our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the future.

The valuation assumptions were determined as follows:

Fair Value of Underlying Common Stock -Prior to the IPO, our common stock was not yet publicly traded, therefore we estimated the fair value of common stock. Our board of directors considered numerous objective and subjective factors to determine the fair value of our common stock at each meeting in which awards are approved. These factors

included historical and projected financial information, prospects and risks, company performance, various corporate documents, capitalization and economic and financial market conditions. Management, with its third-party valuation firm, also used other economic, industry and market information obtained from other resources considered reliable . After the IPO, we used the publicly quoted price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as the fair value of our common stock.

Expected Term -The expected life of options granted to employees was determined by using management's best estimation of exercise activity.

Risk-free Interest Rate-We use a risk-free interest rate in the option valuation model based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues, with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the options.

Expected Volatility -As we do not have extensive trading history for our common stock, the expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our publicly traded industry peers utilizing a period of time consistent with our estimate of expected term.

Expected Dividend Yield -We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, use an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model.

We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the assumptions related to our stock-based compensation on a prospective basis. As we continue to accumulate additional data related to our common stock, we may have refinements to our estimates, which could materially impact our future stock-based compensation expense.

## Income Taxes

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.

We record a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, we recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for loss and tax credit carryforwards. The deferred assets and liabilities are measured using the statutorily enacted tax rates anticipated to be in effect when those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is established if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income, in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.

Our tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. We recognize the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the position will be sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. This evaluation is based on all available evidence and assumes that the tax authorities have full knowledge of all relevant information concerning the tax position. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is more likely than not (greater than 50% likely) to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. We recognize interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We make adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on our financial condition and operating results.

## Emerging Growth Company Status

Section 107 of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended, or the JOBS Act, provides that an 'emerging growth company' may take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an 'emerging growth company' may delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that any decision to opt out of the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act

until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding recently issued accounting pronouncements.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are exposed to market risk in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk represents the risk of loss that may impact our financial position due to adverse changes in financial market prices and rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily the result of fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.

## Interest Rate Risk

Our unrestricted cash and cash equivalents consist of bank deposits and money market funds with original maturities of three months or less. Our cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Interest income associated with our cash equivalents and our investment portfolio are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates. In addition, we have no variable interest rate indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 10% relative change in interest rates would not have had a material impact on the value of our cash equivalents, investment portfolio or expenses.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Risk

Certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. While we have generated substantially all of our revenue from billers in the United States, we have foreign currency risks related to revenue denominated in other currencies, such as the Canadian dollar. In addition, we have significant operations outside of the United States, particularly in Canada and India, where expenses are denominated in the local currency. Decreases in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other currencies may negatively affect revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. We have not engaged in the hedging of foreign currency transactions, although we may do so in the future. We do not believe that an immediate 10% increase or decrease in the relative value of the U.S. dollar to other applicable currencies would have a material effect on operating results.

## Item 8. Financial Statements

| INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238)  69  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  70  Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  71  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and  2020  72  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  73  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020  74  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  76   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Paymentus Holdings, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of comprehensive (loss) income, of stockholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Charlotte, North Carolina March 3, 2023

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2020.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share and per share data)

| December 31,  December 31,  2022  2021  Assets  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  147,334  $  168,386  Restricted cash and cash equivalents  2,351  -  Restricted funds held for financial institutions  -  33,443  Accounts and other receivables, net of allowance of $370 and $102  67,789  43,935  Income tax receivable  1,493  2,488  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  9,994  8,184  Total current assets  228,961  256,436  Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and  amortization of $5,744 and $4,791  1,823  2,044  Capitalized internal-use software development costs, net  46,032  30,888  Intangible assets, net  36,017  42,088  Goodwill  131,851  129,413  Operating lease right-of-use assets  9,561  7,703  Deferred tax asset  116  163  Other long-term assets  7,178  4,207  Total assets  $  461,539  $  472,942  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  Current liabilities  Accounts payable  $  29,232  $  24,748  Accrued liabilities  15,809  12,491  Financial institution funds in-transit  -  33,443  Operating lease liabilities  1,462  1,456  Contract liabilities  4,358  2,173  Income tax payable  635  122  Total current liabilities  51,496  74,433  Deferred tax liability  680  3,318  Operating leases, net of current portion  8,608  6,463  Contract liabilities, net of current portion  2,826  1,713  Finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion  750  883  Total liabilities  64,360  86,810  Commitments and contingencies (Note 9)  Stockholders' equity  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 5,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31,  2022 and 2021, respectively; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,  respectively  -  -  Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 883,950,000 shares authorized as of  December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 19,934,331 and 17,251,079 shares issued and  outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively  2  1  Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 111,050,000 shares authorized as of  December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; 103,306,842 and 103,388,082 shares issued and  outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively  10  11  Additional paid-in capital  367,767  356,017  Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income  (22)  168  Retained earnings  29,422  29,935  Total stockholders' equity  397,179  386,132  Total liabilities and stockholders' equity  $  461,539  $  472,942   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

(In thousands, except share and per share data)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenue  $  497,001  $  395,524  $  301,767  Cost of revenue  347,323  274,144  209,140  Gross profit  149,678  121,380  92,627  Operating expenses  Research and development  41,220  34,122  24,510  Sales and marketing  73,295  43,917  31,842  General and administrative  38,139  32,968  17,847  Total operating expenses  152,654  111,007  74,199  (Loss) income from operations  (2,976)  10,373  18,428  Other income (loss)  Interest income (expense), net  1,663  (6)  52  Foreign exchange gain (loss)  5  (1)  (116)  (Loss) income before income taxes  (1,308)  10,366  18,364  Benefit from (provision for) income taxes  795  (1,066)  (4,653)  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,300  $  13,711  Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock  --  (2,258)  (5,186)  Net (loss) income attributable to common stock  $  (513)  $  7,042  $  8,525  Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock  Basic  $  -  $  0.06  $  0.08  Diluted  $  -  $  0.06  $  0.08  Weighted-average number of shares used to compute net (loss) income per share  attributable to common stock  Basic  122,099,437  112,763,261  103,479,239  Diluted  122,099,437  118,821,925  106,207,883   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME

(In thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,300  $  13,711  Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax  Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax  (190)  (48)  67  Comprehensive (loss) income  $  (703)  $  9,252  $  13,778   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

(In thousands, except share amounts)

| Series A  Additional  Accumulated  Other  Total  Preferred  Stock  Common Stock  Paid-In  Treasury Retained  Comprehensive  Stockholders'  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount Capital  Stock  Earnings  Income  Equity  Balances at December 31, 2019  23,013  $  -  103,479,239 $  517  $ 27,181  $  (579)  $ 41,336  $  149  $  68,604  Stock-based compensation  -  -  -  -  1,994  -  -  -  1,994  Related party loan receivable  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  67  67  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  -  13,711  -  13,711  Balances at December 31, 2020  23,013  $  -  103,479,239 $  517  $ 29,175  $  (579)  $ 55,047  $  216  $  84,376  Issuance of Class A common stock in  connection with initial public offering and private  placement, net of offering costs, underwriting  discounts and commissions  -  -  13,880,950  1  272,633  -  -  -  272,634  Conversion of common stock to Class B  common stock in connection with initial public  offering  -  -  -  (506)  506  -  -  -  -  Redemption of Series A preferred stock in  connection with initial public offering  (23,013 )  -  -  -  (23,013)  -  (34,412)  -  (57,425)  Issuance of warrant  -  -  -  -  4,802  -  -  -  4,802  Retirement of treasury stock in connection with  initial public offering  -  -  -  -  (579)  579  -  -  -  Issuance of Class A common stock for  acquisitions  -  -  2,655,252  -  68,229  -  -  -  68,229  Issuance of Class A common stock for stock  option exercises  -  -  616,220  -  315  -  -  -  315  Issuance of Class B common stock for stock  option exercises  -  -  7,500  -  -  -  -  -  -  Stock-based compensation  -  -  -  -  3,136  -  -  -  3,136  Repayment of related party loan receivable  -  -  -  -  813  -  -  -  813  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (48)  (48)  Net income  -  -  -  -  -  -  9,300  -  9,300  Balances at December 31, 2021  --  $  -  120,639,161 $  12  $356,017  $  --  $ 29,935  $  168  $  386,132  Issuance of warrant  -  -  -  -  3,478  -  -  -  3,478  Change in estimate of warrants expected to vest  -  -  -  -  46  -  -  -  46  Issuance of Class A common stock for  stock-based awards  -  -  2,602,012  -  1,490  -  -  -  1,490  Stock-based compensation  -  -  -  -  6,736  -  -  -  6,736  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (190)  (190)  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  (513)  -  (513)  Balances at December 31, 2022  --  $  -  123,241,173 $  12  $367,767  $  --  $ 29,422  $  (22)  $  397,179   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

(In thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cash flows from operating activities  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,300  $  13,711  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating  activities  Depreciation and amortization  24,063  13,295  8,069  Deferred income taxes  (2,981)  (660)  1,638  Stock-based compensation  6,736  3,136  1,994  Non-cash lease expense  2,135  2,497  2,802  Amortization of contract asset  2,058  669  -  Provision for credit losses  268  106  100  Change in operating assets and liabilities  Accounts and other receivables  (24,287)  (14,736)  (8,689)  Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets  1,211  1,346  840  Accounts payable  4,766  7,380  14,636  Accrued liabilities  3,400  (44)  2,759  Operating lease liabilities  (1,832)  (2,443)  (2,641)  Contract liabilities  3,299  474  184  Income taxes receivable, net of payable  1,544  (827)  217  Net cash provided by operating activities  19,867  19,493  35,620  Cash flows from investing activities  Business combinations, net of cash and restricted cash acquired  (3,260)  (57,400)  (290)  Other intangible assets acquired  (280)  (130)  -  Purchases of property and equipment  (1,257)  (979)  (458)  Capitalized internal-use software development costs  (29,763)  (19,300)  (14,389)  Net cash used in investing activities  (34,560)  (77,809)  (15,137)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter's discounts and  commissions  -  224,595  -  Proceeds from private placement  -  50,000  -  Redemption of Series A preferred stock  -  (23,013)  -  Payment of dividends on Series A preferred stock  -  (34,412)  -  Proceeds from repayment of related party loan  -  813  -  Proceeds from exercise of stock-based awards  1,490  315  -  Financial institution funds in-transit  (33,443)  1,984  -  Payments of deferred offering costs  -  (1,961)  -  Payments on other financing obligations  (5,062)  (4,562)  (1,035)  Payments on finance leases  (268)  (272)  (323)  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (37,283)  213,487  (1,358)  Foreign currency effect on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (168)  (8)  114  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (52,144)  155,163  19,239  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  Beginning of period  201,829  46,666  27,427  End of period  $  149,685  $  201,829  $  46,666  Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:  Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds  $  672  $  2,487  $  2,891  Non-cash investing activities:  Fair value of Class A common stock issued for acquisitions  $  -  $  66,229  $  -  Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable  81  268  7  Business acquisition liability in accrued liabilities and finance leases and other  finance obligations, net of current portion  740  813  -  Non-cash financing activities:  Prepaid insurance funded through short-term borrowings  $  4,625  $  5,756  $  1,389  Issuance of warrant and change in estimate of warrants expected to vest  3,524  4,802  -  Property and equipment acquired through finance lease liabilities  -  -  814   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

-

-

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (continued)

(In thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (in thousands)  The below table reconciles cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash in the  consolidated balance sheets to the total of the same amounts shown in the  consolidated statements of cash flows:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  147,334  $  168,386  $  46,666  Restricted cash  2,351  -  -  Restricted funds held for financial institutions  -  33,443  -  Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as shown in the consolidated  statements of cash flows  $  149,685  $  201,829  $  46,666   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 1. Organization and Description of Business

## Description of Business

Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ('Paymentus' or 'the Company') provides electronic bill presentment and payment services, enterprise customer communication and self-service revenue management to billers and financial institutions through a Software-as-a-Service, ('SaaS'), secure, omni-channel technology platform. The platform seamlessly integrates into a biller's core financial and operating systems to provide flexible and secure access to payment processing of credit cards, debit cards, eChecks and digital wallets across a significant number of channels including online, mobile, IVR, call center, chatbot and voice-based assistants. Paymentus was incorporated in the state of Delaware on September 2, 2011 with office locations in Charlotte, North Carolina, Richmond Hill, Ontario (Canada), and Delhi, Bangalore and Gurugram (India). In September 2022, the Company's headquarters were moved from Redmond, Washington to Charlotte, North Carolina. Paymentus continues to evaluate reestablishing its headquarters in or around the Seattle, Washington area in 2023.

## Initial Public Offering and Private Placement

In May 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering ('IPO'), in which the Company issued and sold 11,500,000 shares of its Class A common stock at $21.00 per share, including 1,500,000 shares issued upon the exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The Company received net proceeds of $224.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $16.9 million. The Company incurred direct offering expenses of $2.0 million.

In connection with the IPO:

· all 103,479,239 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on a one-to-one basis; and

· entities affiliated with Accel-KKR purchased 2,380,950 shares of the Company's Class A common stock at $21.00 per share in a concurrent private placement that closed immediately subsequent to the closing of the IPO. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $50.0 million in this concurrent private placement and did not pay underwriting discounts or commissions with respect to the shares of Class A common stock that were sold in the private placement.

## 2.        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ('GAAP').

## Stock Split

On May 10, 2021, the Company effected a 5-for-1 forward stock split of its common stock. In connection with the forward stock split, each issued and outstanding share of common stock, automatically and without action on the part of the holders, became five shares of common stock. The par value per share of common stock was not adjusted. All share, per share and related information presented in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the impact of the stock split.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

## Segment Information

Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker ('CODM') in deciding how to make operating decisions,

allocate resources and assess performance. The Company has three operating segments based on geography. The United States segment represents the vast majority of the Company's consolidated net sales and gross profit. The

additional two operating segments, Canada and India, do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate reporting, either individually or in the aggregate. None of the operating segments qualified for aggregation. The Company's CODM is its chief executive officer. The CODM evaluates the performance of the Company's operating segments based on revenue and gross profit. The Company does not analyze discrete segment balance sheet information related to long-term assets. All other financial information is presented on a consolidated basis. For information regarding the Company's long-lived assets and revenue by geographic area, see Note 14.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include revenue recognition, the allowance for credit losses, the lives of tangible and intangible assets, the valuation of acquired intangible assets and the recoverability or impairment of intangible assets, including goodwill, internal-use software development costs, valuation of stock warrants issued, stock-based compensation, and accounting for income taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and also on assumptions that management considers reasonable. The Company assesses these estimates on a regular basis; however, actual results could differ from these estimates.

## Foreign Currency

The reporting currency of the Company is the United States Dollar. The Company's foreign subsidiaries use the local currency of their respective countries as their functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Revenue and expenses are translated at average exchange rates during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. The effects of foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or ('AOCI') as a component of stockholders' equity, and related periodic movements are summarized as a line item in the consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income. Gains and losses from the remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into the functional currency are recognized as foreign exchange gain (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations.

## Revenue Recognition

The Company generates revenue primarily from payment transaction fees processed through the Company's platform. The fees are generated as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction. For biller transactions the actual fees are dependent on payment type, payment channel or industry vertical. The payment transaction fees are received directly (i) from billers, who absorb the cost, or from customers in the form of a convenience-type fee, or (ii) from financial institutions. Transaction fees are collected for each completed transaction processed through the platform. The Company also earns other revenue, which primarily consists of maintenance revenue and subscription revenue. Other revenue represented approximately 1.3%, 1.2% and 1.4% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Contract Assets

Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from arrangements whereby complete satisfaction of a performance obligation and the right to payment are conditioned on completing additional tasks or services. In addition, the Company has recorded contract assets in connection with warrant agreements with an affiliate of a customer. Following the guidance in ASC 606, the Company accounts for consideration payable in the form of warrants to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price and therefore, of revenue. The Company has estimated the transaction price related to the revenue for this customer inclusive of the estimated value of the warrants earned and expected to be earned over the term of the contract.

## Contract Liabilities

Contract liabilities relate to fees billed in advance of services provided. The terms of the contract normally require the customer to pay a fixed monthly fee for hosting and maintenance, plus a nonrefundable up-front fee for set-up, integration services, and data conversion at contract inception. The non-refundable up-front fees are typically billed in advance of services provided and are recorded as contract liability in the consolidated balance sheets. These fees are amortized ratably over the term of the agreement and recognized as revenue. The fixed monthly fee is for a promised service of hosting and maintenance. These services are provided over the same period and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer as the payment processing services. They are both stand-ready obligations satisfied ratably over the contractual

period, and assessed as a single performance obligation. Therefore, they are recognized in the same manner as the variable consideration.

## Assets Recognized From the Costs to Obtain a Contract With a Customer

The Company capitalizes certain costs to obtain contracts with customers, including employee sales commissions, when the commission is tied to new sales and is therefore considered an incremental cost of obtaining a customer. At contract inception, the Company capitalizes commission costs that the Company expects to recover and that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Capitalized costs to obtain contracts of $0.6 million are included in prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Some of the Company's sales compensation paid to the sales force is earned based on the margins earned from the contract over the contract term and is contingent on continued employment with the Company by the salesperson. Sales commissions tied to key operating metrics other than new sales, are not considered incremental costs of obtaining a customer and are expensed in the same period as they are earned, rather than being capitalized. The Company records commission expense within sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

Amortization of capitalized commissions to obtain customer contracts is included in sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company utilizes a straight-line method as it best depicts the pattern of transfer of the goods or services to the customer. The Company amortizes these assets over the expected period of benefit, which is typically three to five years. The Company evaluates contract costs for impairment by comparing, on a pooled basis, the expected future net cash flows from underlying customer relationships to the carrying amount of the capitalized contract costs

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue consists primarily of interchange and assessment fees, processing fees and bank settlement fees paid to third-party payment processors and financial institutions, and personnel-related costs associated with the Company's customer support teams, including salaries, benefits, and bonuses. Cost of revenue also includes an allocation of hosting and datacenter costs for the Company's infrastructure and platform environment, telecommunication expenses used by sales and customer support teams, a portion of amortization of capitalized internal-use software development costs, and a portion of amortization of intangible assets acquired through acquisition.

## Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred, unless they qualify as internal-use software development costs. Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses associated with the Company's research and development staff, including salaries, benefits, stock-based compensation and bonuses.

## Advertising Costs

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. These costs were $2.0 million, $1.5 million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Self-Insurance

The Company is self-insured for a significant portion of its employee medical exposures. Liabilities for self-insured exposures are accrued at the present value of amounts expected to be paid based on historical claims experience and actuarial data for forecasted settlements of claims filed and for incurred but not yet reported claims. Accruals for self-insured exposures are included in current and noncurrent liabilities based on the expected periods of payment.

Excess liability insurance has been purchased to limit the amount of self-insured risk on claims.

## Income Taxes

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining its provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting principles and complex tax laws.

The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operations using the asset and liability method. Under this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for loss and tax credit carryforwards. The deferred

assets and liabilities are measured using the statutorily enacted tax rates anticipated to be in effect when those tax assets and liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in the period that includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is established if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expectations and risks associated with estimates of future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.

The Company's tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Company recognizes the tax benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the position will be sustainable upon examination by the taxing authority, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. This evaluation is based on all available evidence and assumes that the tax authorities have full knowledge of all relevant information concerning the tax position. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit which is more likely than not (greater than 50% likely) to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes interest accrued and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company makes adjustments to these reserves in accordance with the income tax guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made and could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and operating results.

## Stock-based Compensation

The Company measures and recognizes stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based awards, including grants of restricted stock units ("RSUs") and options to purchase stocks granted to employees, outside directors and consultants based on the estimated fair value of the awards on the grant date of the award. The Company estimates the grant date fair value for options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The determination of the grant-date fair value using an option-pricing model is affected by the fair value of the Company's common stock as well as assumptions regarding a number of other complex and subjective variables. These variables include expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the award, actual and projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award, and expected dividends. The fair value of an RSU is measured using the market price of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. Compensation cost is recognized on a straight-line basis over the employee requisite service period, which is the stated vesting period of the award, provided that total compensation cost recognized at least equals the pro rata value of the awards that have vested. Forfeitures are accounted for in the period in which they occur. All compensation expense is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations based on the recipient grant.

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents, which are composed of primarily bank deposits and government issued securities.

## Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

Restricted cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits required by certain counterparties to merchant counterparty processing agreements and required reserves under certain health insurance policies.  Deposit balances are required through the term of the agreement and for six months following the termination of the merchant counterparty processing agreements.

## Custodial Accounts

The Company has established a relationship with its merchant processors to act as collection and paying agents, whereby a merchant processor receives funds from customers and forwards such funds to the respective Paymentus client, based on the instructions received from the Company. These merchant processors act as custodians of the cash received and the Company has no legal ownership rights to the funds held in such custodial accounts and does not control the use of these funds. As the Company does not take ownership of the funds, these custodial accounts are not included in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The balance of cash in the custodial accounts held by these merchant processors was $353.9 million and $47.4 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Part of the increase in custodial accounts at December 31, 2022 was due to the shift of funds from Restricted Funds to the Custodial accounts, which is discussed in the below paragraph.  Other increases were related to the timing of when funds were received and subsequently transferred out.

## Restricted Funds Held for Financial Institutions and Financial Institution Funds In-Transit

Restricted funds held for financial institutions and the corresponding liability of financial institution funds in-transit represent the timing differences arising between the amounts the Company's sponsor bank receives from the sending financial institutions and the amounts disbursed to the recipient financial institutions. The restricted funds held for financial institutions account is a transaction account maintained at the Company's sponsor bank for clearing payments from financial institutions (as defined by the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network) to other financial institutions. Restricted funds held for financial institutions represent restricted cash that, based upon the Company's intent, are restricted solely for satisfying the corresponding obligations to send funds to the various financial institutions. During the fourth quarter 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a financial institution whereby the financial institution would take over the legal ownership of these funds and operate as the custodial service provider.  Once these funds were moved to custodial accounts, the Company no longer had legal ownership or control over these funds, as such the Company no longer has Restricted Funds held for Financial Institutions and Financial Institution Funds In-Transit on the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022.

## Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk primarily consist of cash, cash equivalents, and accounts receivable. The Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions with investment-grade ratings. For accounts receivable, the Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by customers to the extent of the amounts recorded in the consolidated balance sheets. No customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue for either of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. One customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable for both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and no customer accounted for more than 10% of accounts receivable as of 2020.

## Fair Value Measurements

The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to the extent possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability in the principal or most advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierarchy distinguishes between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels:

· Level 1 inputs - unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity at the measurement date;

· Level 2 inputs - other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

· Level 3 inputs - unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date.

The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for accounts receivable, and accounts payable approximate their respective fair values due to the short maturities of those instruments.

## Accounts and Other Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses

Accounts receivable are recorded at invoiced amounts and do not bear interest. The Company will evaluate its accounts receivable portfolio to determine if an allowance for credit losses is necessary. The development of the allowance for credit losses is based on an expected loss model that considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and a review of past due amounts, historical write-off and recovery experience. Past due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability and all other balances are reviewed as a portfolio. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet exposure related to its customers. Other receivables included $3.0 million and $2.5 million in rebates related to interchange fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows (in thousands):

| Allowance for Credit  Losses  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  100  Charge-offs  (104)  Recoveries  -  Provision for credit losses  106  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  102  Charge-offs  (20)  Recoveries  -  Provision for credit losses  288  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  370   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deferred Offering Costs

Deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees, relating to the Company's IPO, were initially capitalized and included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Upon consummation of the IPO in May 2021, the Company reclassified $2.0 million of deferred offering costs to additional paid-in capital offsetting the IPO proceeds.

## Internal-use Software Development Costs

The Company capitalizes qualifying internal-use software development costs related to its platform . The costs consist of personnel costs (including related benefits) that are incurred during the application development stage, as well as implementation costs incurred to fulfill our contracts with customers as they (1) relate directly to the contract, (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the performance obligation under the contract, and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenues generated under the contract. Capitalization of costs begins when two criteria are met: (1) the preliminary project stage is completed, and (2) it is probable that the software will be completed and used for its intended function. Capitalization ceases when the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, including the completion of all significant testing. Costs related to preliminary project activities and post implementation operating activities are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company capitalized $29.8 million, $19.3 million and $14.4 million in software development costs, respectively.

Capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, which management estimated to be a range of three to five years, and are recorded on a straight-line basis, which represents the manner in which the expected benefit will be derived. Amortization expense is recorded in cost of revenue and operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations aligned with the internal organizations that are the primary beneficiaries of such assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded $8.8 million, $4.9 million and $3.5 million of amortization expense in cost of revenue, and $5.9 million, $4.5 million and $3.0 million of amortization expense in operating expenses, respectively.

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the related asset as follows:

| Computer equipment.................................................................. 3 years  Furniture and fixtures ................................................................. 5 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of estimated useful life or the remaining lease term. Expenses that improve an asset or extend its remaining useful life are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of, and the related accumulated depreciation, is removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in other income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. Costs of maintenance or repairs that do not extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed as incurred.

## Business Combination

The purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition dates. The excess of total consideration over the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. During the measurement period, which may be up to one year

from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values

of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations.

## Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Including Goodwill and Intangible Assets)

Long-lived assets with finite lives include property and equipment, capitalized internal-use software development costs, and acquired intangible assets. The Company evaluates long-lived assets, including intangible assets and capitalized internal-use software development costs, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets held and used is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds these estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized in the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group.

Goodwill is not amortized but rather tested at the reporting unit level for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has three reporting units. Goodwill impairment is recognized when the quantitative assessment results in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value, in which case an impairment charge is recorded to goodwill to the extent the carrying value exceeds the fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill. See Note 6 for more information regarding the carrying value of goodwill by reporting unit.

When reviewing goodwill for impairment, the Company performs a qualitative assessment which considers the following circumstances as well as others:

- Changes in general macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital; or other developments in equity and credit markets;
- Changes in industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which the Company operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics

(in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity's products or services; or a regulatory or political development;

- Changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; and
- Decline in overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance).

The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of November 30, 2022 using a qualitative assessment. The Company did not recognize any impairment of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

## Leases

The Company classifies leases as either operating or financing at inception and as necessary at modification. Leased assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. The Company does not obtain and control its right to use the identified asset until the lease commencement date.

Although it may have a right and an obligation to exchange lease payments for a leased asset from the date of inception, the Company is unlikely to have an obligation to make lease payments before the asset is made available for use; therefore, lease classification, recognition, and measurement are determined at the lease commencement date.

The Company made accounting policy elections, including a short-term lease exception policy, permitting the Company to not apply the recognition requirements of this standard to short-term leases (i.e., leases with expected terms of 12 months or less), and an accounting policy to account for lease and certain non-lease components as a single component for certain classes of assets other than computer equipment leases. For computer equipment leases, the Company has agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. For these agreements, lease payments are allocated between the lease and non-lease components based on the relative stand-alone price of these components.

The Company has leases for office facilities, computer equipment, and data centers. The Company's leases have remaining initial lease terms of less than one year to approximately five years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 4 years, and some of which include options to terminate the leases.

Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, and operating lease liabilities on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date

based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses the incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over a similar term and in a similar economic environment. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any initial direct costs, lease payments made prior to lease commencement, and lease incentives received. The Company's lease terms are the noncancelable period including any rent-free periods provided by the lessor and may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise that option. At lease inception, and upon modification or remeasurement, the Company estimates the lease term based on its assessment of extension and termination options that are reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease cost for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

Leased property under finance leases are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included within accrued liabilities, and finance lease and other finance obligations, net of current portion on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Property and equipment under finance leases is generally amortized over the lease term and is included in general and administrative expenses. The interest on the finance lease liabilities is included in interest income, net.

Judgment is required when determining whether any of the Company's data center contracts contain a lease. The Company concluded a lease exists when the asset is specifically identifiable, substantially all the economic benefit of the asset is obtained, and the right to direct the use of the asset exists during the term of the lease.

## Treasury Stock

The Company accounts for treasury stock acquisitions using the cost method. The Company accounts for the retirement of treasury stock by deducting its par value from common stock or Series A preferred stock and reflecting any excess of cost over par value as a deduction from additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets.

## Accounting Pronouncements

The Company is provided the option to adopt new or revised accounting guidance as an 'emerging growth company' under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 either (1) within the same periods as those otherwise applicable to public business entities, or (2) within the same time periods as non-public business entities, including early adoption when permissible. With the exception of standards the Company elected to early adopt, when permissible, the Company has elected to adopt new or revised accounting guidance within the same time period as non-public business entities, as indicated below.

## Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted

In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2019-12, Income Taxes ('Topic 740'): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which simplifies the accounting for income taxes by eliminating some exceptions to the general approach in ASC 740, Income Taxes in order to reduce cost and complexity of its application. The guidance is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company elected to early adopt this standard on January 1, 2021. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

## Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers" ("ASU 2021-08") . ASU 2021-08 will require companies to apply the definition of a performance obligation under ASU 2014-09 , Revenue from contracts with customers ('Topic 606') to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities relating to contracts with customers that are acquired in a business combination. Under current U.S. GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers, at fair value on the acquisition date. ASU 2021-08 will result in the acquirer recording acquired contract assets and liabilities on the same basis that would have been recorded by the acquiree before the acquisition under ASU Topic 606. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements but does not believe it will have a material impact.

## 3.        Revenue, Performance Obligations and Contract Balances

Pursuant to ASC 606, the Company evaluates the services promised in contracts with customers at contract inception, and identifies a performance obligation for each promise to transfer a service that is distinct. For the payment transaction services, the promise to the customer is that the Company stands ready to process payment transactions the customer requests on a daily basis over the contract term. Since the timing and quantity of transactions to be processed by Paymentus is not determinable, the Company views payment services to comprise an obligation to stand ready to process as many transactions as the customer requests. Under a stand-ready obligation, the evaluation of the nature of a performance obligation is focused on each time increment rather than the underlying activities. Therefore, the Company views payment services to comprise a series of distinct days of service that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. Accordingly, the promise to stand ready is accounted for as a single-series performance obligation.

ASC 606 requires that the Company determines for each customer arrangement whether revenue should be recognized at a point in time or over time. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are recognized over time. The majority of the payment transaction services are priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction. Given the nature of the promise based on unknown quantities or outcomes of services to be performed over the contract term, the total consideration is determined to be variable consideration. The variable consideration for the Company's payment service is usage-based and, therefore, it specifically relates to the Company's efforts to satisfy its payment services obligation. The variability is satisfied each day the service is provided to the customer. The Company directly assigns variable fees to the distinct day of service to which it relates, by considering the services performed each day. Therefore, Paymentus measures revenue for its payment service on a daily basis based on the services that are performed on that day and recognizes revenue once the transaction is complete.

The initial term of customer contracts is typically between three to five years. Termination provisions vary by customer, however the majority of customers may not terminate their contract early without penalty. Some of the contracts include tiered pricing, based primarily on volume. The fee charged per transaction is adjusted up or down if the volume processed for a specified period is different from prior period defined volumes. The Company has concluded that this volume-based pricing approach does not constitute a future material right since the discount is within a range typically offered to a class of customers with similar volume. In addition, some contracts include prescribed annual or monthly minimums, penalties for early termination, and service level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specific service levels are not achieved. The Company has determined that these processing services represent a stand-ready obligation comprising a series of distinct days of services that are substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer.

The Company also has partner agreements, some of which contain guaranteed revenue or transaction minimum commitments and revenue sharing arrangements. Because of these minimum commitments, the Company has to evaluate the agreements to determine the fixed and variable consideration and the amount of revenue to be recognized. For the minimum commitments, the Company records the fixed consideration ratably over the commitment period and the variable consideration to the extent that the Company believes that the variable consideration is not constrained. The revenue recorded for these arrangements is net of any revenue sharing with the customer, which is typically determined based on a calculation of revenue less certain fees incurred by the Company, as defined in the agreement.

The Company recognizes fees charged to customers primarily on a gross basis as transaction revenue when the Company is the principal in respect of completing a payment transaction. In order to provide payment services, the Company routes and clears each transaction through the applicable payment network. The Company obtains authorization for the transaction and requests funds settlement from the card issuing financial institution through the payment network. When third parties are involved in the transfer of goods or services to customers, the Company considers the nature of each specific promised good or service and applies judgment to determine whether the Company controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer or whether the Company is acting as an agent of the third party. To determine whether or not the Company controls the good or service before it is transferred to the customer, the Company assesses indicators including whether the Company or the third party is primarily responsible for fulfillment and which party has discretion in determining pricing for the good or service, as well as other considerations. Based on an assessment of these indicators, the Company has concluded that the Company bears primary responsibility for the fulfillment of the payment service with the majority of the customers, contracts directly with customers, controls the product specifications, and defines the value proposal from the Company's services. The Company therefore bears full margin risk when completing a payment transaction, and on that basis, controls those services prior to being transferred to the customer.

The interchange fees charged by the card issuing financial institutions and the fees charged by the payment networks are recognized as transaction expense within cost of revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.

ASC 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations. As permitted by ASC 606, the Company has elected to exclude from this disclosure any contracts with an original duration of one year or less and any variable consideration that meets specified criteria. As described above, most significant performance obligations consist of variable consideration under a stand-ready series of distinct days of service. Such variable consideration meets the specified criteria for the disclosure exclusion; therefore, the majority of the aggregate amount of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied is variable consideration that is not required for this disclosure.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The following table presents a disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Payment transaction processing revenue  $  490,377  $  390,703  $  297,494  Other  6,624  4,821  4,273  Total revenue  $  497,001  $  395,524  $  301,767   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remaining Performance Obligations

ASU Topic 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations. The purpose of this disclosure is to provide additional information about the amounts and expected timing of revenue to be recognized from the remaining performance obligations in our existing contracts.

As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied was $7.2 million, which the Company expects to recognize over 75% within the next two years. The timing of revenue recognition within the next year is largely dependent upon the go-live dates of the Company's contracts.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has contractual rights under its commercial agreements to receive approximately $58.2 million of fixed consideration related to the future minimum revenue or transaction guarantees through 2026.  As permitted, the Company has elected to exclude from this disclosure any variable consideration that meets specified criteria.  Accordingly, the total unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performance obligations related to processing services is significantly higher than the amount disclosed.

## Contract Balances

The contract asset balance at December 31, 2022 was $9.7 million of which $2.7 million was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $7.0 million was included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  The contract asset balance at December 31, 2021 was $5.6 million of which $1.7 million was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $3.9 million was included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The increase in the contract asset balance was primarily related to the addition of new warrants, see Note 10 for details. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reduced revenue and the related contract assets by $2.1 million and $0.9 million, respectively.

The Company recorded $7.2 million and $3.9 million of contract liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.  Of the $3.9 million contract liabilities included as of December 31, 2021, $2.8 million was related to acquisitions made during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in the contract liabilities is primarily the result of timing differences between payment from the customer and the Company's satisfaction of each performance obligation. The revenue recognized that was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $1.0 million and $0.6 million, respectively.

## 4.        Business Combinations

## PayVeris, LLC

On September 1, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of PayVeris, LLC ("Payveris") by acquiring all outstanding equity interests for a total purchase price of approximately $145.5 million, comprised of $85.1 million in cash and 2,364,270 shares of the Company's Class A common stock with a fair value of approximately $60.4 million. Payveris is a payment processing company for financial institutions. The acquisition was expected to increase the addressable

market opportunity for the Company's existing solutions while also enhancing Payveris' platform with real-time capabilities, enhanced electronic bill presentment and additional payment options for banks, credit unions and financial institutions of all sizes.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as follows (in thousands):

| Accounts receivable  $  1,026  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  237  Intangible assets, includes software acquired  38,498  Property and equipment  77  Goodwill  108,950  Restricted funds held for financial institutions  31,459  Financial institution funds in-transit  (31,459)  Accounts payable  (194)  Accrued liabilities  (265)  Deferred revenue  (2,805)  Total  $  145,524   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The finalization of the purchase price allocation did not result in any changes to the preliminary estimate. The Company recorded a measurement period adjustment of $8.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 to decrease trademarks and increase goodwill related to the refinement of inputs of the acquisition valuation. There were no measurement period adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Payveris and the assembled workforce. The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes.

The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, except years):

| Fair Value  Useful Life  (Years)  Customer Relationships  $  26,154  8.0  Trademarks  3,993  4.0  Developed Technology  8,102  4.0  Total  $  38,249   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Finovera, Inc.

On September 2, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Finovera by acquiring all outstanding shares for a total purchase price of approximately $12.9 million, net of cash acquired, comprised of $5.0 million in cash of which $0.8 million is being held back by the Company for a period of twenty-four months following the transaction closing date and is recorded in finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheets, and 293,506 shares of the Company's Class A common stock with a fair value of approximately $7.9 million. Finovera was a bill aggregation technology provider for financial institutions. The acquisition of Finovera was expected to increase the addressable market opportunity for the Company's biller and financial institution solutions by, among other things, increasing the availability of certain bill data.  Effective March 31, 2022, Finovera was merged with and into Payveris, with Payveris as the surviving company.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as follows (in thousands):

| Cash  $  65  Accounts receivable  267  Intangible assets  6,048  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  39  Goodwill  7,266  Accounts payable  (85)  Accrued liabilities  (72)  Deferred taxes  (588)  Total  $  12,940   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The finalization of the purchase price allocation did not result in any changes to the preliminary estimate. There were no measurement period adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of Finovera's business operations and the assembled workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, except years):

| Fair Value  Useful Life  (Years)  Developed Technology  $  5,155  4.0  Customer Relationships  893  2.0  Total  $  6,048   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROFIT Financial, Inc.

On December 19, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of PROFIT Financial, Inc. ("PROFIT") by acquiring all outstanding shares of PROFIT for a total purchase price of approximately $4.3 million, net of cash acquired, comprised of $3.3 million cash of which $0.1 million is included as a short term payable at December 31, 2022 and $0.6 million is being held back by the Company for a period of twelve to twenty-four months following the transaction close date and is recorded in finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheets.  PROFIT is a financial and accounting software company with offerings to small business.  The acquisition of PROFIT is expected to increase the Company's market opportunities for the Company's existing solutions while enhancing the PROFIT platform.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of purchase consideration was allocated to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. The major classes of assets and liabilities to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as follows (in thousands):

| Cash  $  261  Intangible assets  1,873  Goodwill  2,509  Deferred taxes  (382)  Total  $  4,261   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The purchase price allocation is preliminary.  The Company continues to collect information with regard to its estimates and assumptions, including potential liabilities.  The Company will record adjustments to the fair value of net assets acquired and goodwill within 12 months of the measurement period.

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integration of PROFIT and the assembled workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, except years):

| Fair Value  Useful Life  (Years)  Brand  $  45  4.0  Developed Technology  1,828  4.0  Total  $  1,873   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Costs incurred for the PROFIT acquisition were not material. Costs incurred for the Payveris and Finovera acquisitions were approximately $1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The revenue and expenses of the acquired businesses have been included in the Company's consolidated financial results since the acquisition date. Revenues and expenses related to these acquisitions and pro forma results of operations have not been presented for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 because the effects of these acquisitions were not material to the Company's overall operations. All acquisition related costs were expensed as incurred and have been recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

## 5.        Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  December 31,  2022  2021  Computer equipment  $  5,476  $  4,934  Furniture and fixtures  1,672  1,456  Leasehold improvements  419  445  Total property and equipment  7,567  6,835  Less:  Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (5,744)  (4,791)  Property and equipment, net  $  1,823  $  2,044   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation and amortization expense recorded for property and equipment was $1.2 million, $1.1 million and $1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 6.        Goodwill and Intangible Assets

## Goodwill

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting unit were as follows (in thousands):

| United  States  Other  Total  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  12,303  $  902  $  13,205  Goodwill acquired  (1)  116,216  -  116,216  Foreign currency translation adjustments  -  (8)  (8)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  128,519  $  894  $  129,413  Goodwill acquired  (1)  2,509  -  2,509  Foreign currency translation adjustments  -  (71)  (71)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  131,028  $  823  $  131,851   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The goodwill acquired in the year ended December 31, 2022 is related to the PROFIT acquisition and the goodwill acquired in year ended December

31, 2021 is related to the Payveris and Finovera acquisitions. See Note 4.

## Intangible Assets

Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31, 2022  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Amount  Weighted-  Average  Useful Life  (Years)  Technology  $  22,631  $  (11,965) $  10,666  4.0  License  2,503  (2,503)  -  -  Customer relationship  33,788  (11,695)  22,093  8.0  Software  1,212  (661)  551  3.0  Trademark  4,238  (1,531)  2,707  4.0  Total  $  64,372  $  (28,355) $  36,017   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carrying  Amount  Weighted-  Average  Useful Life  (Years)  Technology  $  20,837  $  (8,655) $  12,182  4.0  License  2,652  (2,652)  -  -  Customer relationship  33,830  (8,021)  25,809  8.0  Software  893  (456)  437  3.0  Trademark  4,193  (533)  3,660  4.0  Total  $  62,405  $  (20,317) $  42,088   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization expense of intangible assets was $8.3 million, $2.9 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively.

As of December 31, 2022, future amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  8,546  2024  8,249  2025  6,756  2026  3,748  2027  3,269  Thereafter  5,449  Total future amortization expense  $  36,017   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7.        Leases

The Company enters into operating and finance leases, primarily related to rental of office space, equipment and data centers. Both operating and finance leases have remaining lease terms which range from less than one year to five years, and often include one or more renewal or termination options. These options are not included in the determination of the lease term at commencement unless it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise the option.

The components of lease cost were as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Operating lease cost  $  2,460  $  2,847  Finance lease cost  Depreciation expense  268  272  Interest on finance lease liabilities  8  16  Total finance lease cost  276  288   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Short-term lease cost  972  1,063  Total lease cost  $  3,708  $  4,198   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities  Operating cash flows for operating leases  $  2,103  $  2,755  Operating cash flows for finance leases  8  16  Financing cash flows for finance leases  268  272  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of operating lease obligations  3,938  2,550  Property and equipment obtained in exchange of finance lease  obligations  --  --   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company's leases were as follows:

| December 31,  2022  2021  Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)  Operating leases  6.6  8.3  Finance leases  0.2  1.2  Weighted-average discount rate  Operating leases  3.24%  2.82%  Finance leases  3.24%  3.24%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total remaining lease payments under non-cancelable operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ending December 31,  Operating Leases  Finance Leases  2023  1,880  102  2024  1,855  -  2025  1,845  -  2026  1,766  -  2027  1,061  -  Thereafter  2,663  -  Total minimum lease payments including interest  $  11,070  $  102  Less imputed interest  (1,008)  --  Total lease liabilities  $  10,062  $  102   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8.        Accrued Liabilities

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  December 31,  2022  2021  Payroll and employee-related expenses  $  9,214  $  8,093  Finance leases and other financing obligations  1,813  2,382  Other accrued liabilities  4,782  2,016  Total  $  15,809  $  12,491   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Finance leases and other financing obligations includes the current portion of finance leases related to the acquisition of computer equipment and short-term insurance premium financing arrangements.

## 9.        Commitments and Contingencies

## Other Commitments

The Company has entered into certain non-cancellable agreements for software and marketing services that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the

transaction. Obligations under contracts that are cancellable or with remaining terms of 12 months or less are not included.

Future minimum payments under other non-cancellable agreements as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  4,416  2024  2,965  2025  719  $  8,100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 401(k) Plan

The Company sponsors a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering all eligible U.S. employees. Contributions to the 401(k) plan are discretionary. The Company made $0.9 million of matching contributions to the 401(k) plan for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company did not make any matching contributions to the 401(k) plan for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Legal Matters

The Company is involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. For certain pending matters, accruals have not been established because such matters have not progressed sufficiently through discovery, and/or development of important factual information and legal information is insufficient to enable the Company to estimate a range of possible loss, if any.  While it is not feasible to predict or determine the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company believes that none of its current legal proceedings will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations, or cash flows as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## Indemnification

The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, including business partners, investors, contractors, customers, and the Company's officers, directors, and certain employees. The Company has agreed to indemnify and defend the indemnified party claims and related losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party from actual or threatened third-party claims due to the Company's activities or non-compliance with obligations or representations made by the Company. The Company seeks to limit, or cap, its indemnification exposure in its commercial and other contracts. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provisions due to the Company's limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision.

## 10.        Equity

## Preferred Stock

In connection with the IPO, the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors.

## Common Stock

The Company has two classes of common stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In connection with the IPO, the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of 883,950,000 shares of Class A common stock and 111,050,000 shares of Class B common stock. The shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes. Class A and Class B common stock have a par value of $0.0001 per share, and are referred to as common stock throughout the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors.

Shares of Class B common stock may be converted to Class A common stock at any time at the option of the stockholder. Shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock upon the following: (i) sale or transfer of such share of Class B common stock; (ii) the death of the Class B common stockholder (or nine months

after the date of death if the stockholder is one of the Company's founders); and (iii) on the first trading day on or after the date on which the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than 10% of the then outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. Following the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock, no further shares of Class B common stock will be issued.

## Series A Preferred Stock

Upon completion of the IPO, the Company used approximately $57.4 million of the net proceeds to redeem all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock (including accrued dividends of $34.4 million). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding.

## Warrant

On May 13, 2021, the Company entered into a warrant agreement with JPMC Strategic Investments I Corporation ('JPMC'), an affiliate of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, an underwriter in our 2021 IPO, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue a warrant to JPMC for up to 509,370 shares of Class A common stock upon completion of the IPO at an exercise price of $18.38 per share. Upon completion of the IPO, 382,027 of the warrant shares had vested and are therefore, exercisable. The vesting of the remaining 127,343 shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrant will be subject to the achievement of certain commercial milestones through December 31, 2025 pursuant to a related commercial agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ('JPM Chase'), an affiliate of JPMC. As discussed below, this commercial agreement was amended in August 2022, and the achievement of certain commercial milestones was extended through December 31, 2026 and minimum revenue commitments were set for each of the calendar years through 2026. Consistent with classification guidance in ASU Topic 606, the Company accounts for the consideration payable in the form of warrants to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price and, therefore, of revenue as the revenue is earned. The warrant fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation .

During 2021, the Company updated the May 2021 warrant value recognized based on the expectation that the probability of achievement of certain milestones would be achieved. The increase was recorded using the fair value determined at the time of grant multiplied by the estimated number of remaining warrants expected to vest. This increase was recorded as additional paid-in capital and as a contract asset included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The increase made to the May 2021 warrant valuation in 2022 was not material.

On August 29, 2022, the Company entered into a warrant agreement with JPMC, in connection with an amendment to the Company's existing commercial agreement with JPM Chase discussed above, pursuant to which the Company issued a warrant to JPMC for up to 684,510 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $10.10 per share. Upon signing of the warrant agreement, 171,128 of the warrant shares had vested and are therefore, exercisable. The vesting of the remaining 513,382 shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrant will be subject to the achievement of certain commercial milestones through December 31, 2026 pursuant to the commercial agreement, as amended.

As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 588,172 warrants had vested and were exercisable under the outstanding warrant agreements.

## 11.        Stock-Based Compensation

In May 2021, the Company's board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the '2021 Plan'), which became effective in connection with the IPO. The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code, to the Company's employees and any of its parent or subsidiary corporations' employees, and for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, and performance awards to the Company's employees, directors and consultants and any of its parent or subsidiary corporations' employees and consultants. A total of 10,459,000 shares of the Company's Class A common stock have been reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan in addition to (i) an annual increase of 4% of the outstanding shares of the Company's common stock, with Class A and Class B common stock taken together, on the first day of each fiscal year (the "Evergreen Addition") and (ii) upon the expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or reacquisition of any shares of Class B common stock underlying outstanding stock awards granted under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, such number of shares not to exceed 7,563,990. On January 1, 2022 and 2023, pursuant to the Evergreen Addition, approximately 4.8 million and 4.9

million shares of Class A common stock were added to the 2021 Plan issuance reserve. At December 31, 2022, there were 14.1 million remaining shares available for the Company to grant under the 2021 Plan.

## Stock Options

A summary of the Company's option activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (in thousands, except share and per share amounts):

| Weighted-  Weighted-  Average  Average  Remaining  Aggregate  Options  Exercise  Price  Contractual  Intrinsic  Outstanding  per Share  Life  (years)  Value  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  6,849,910  $  5.05  4.98  $  205,010  Options granted  -  Options exercised  (2,480,516)  0.60  Options forfeited  (213,754)  8.66  Outstanding at December 31, 2022  4,155,640  $  7.52  5.87  $  4,420  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  3,280,611  $  7.22  5.71  $  4,388   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, was $3.38 and $3.71, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the exercise price of the options and the fair value of the Company's common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $38.5 million and $17.8 million, respectively.

The fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model with the following weighted-average assumptions:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Dividend yield  0.0%  0.0%  Risk-free interest rate  0.3 % - 0.8%  0.3 % - 0.4%  Expected term (in years)  5  5  Expected volatility  38.0%  50.0%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affected by the fair value of the Company's common stock, as well as assumptions regarding a number of variables that are complex, subjective and generally require significant judgment to determine. The valuation assumptions were determined as follows:

## Expected Term

The expected life of options granted to employees was determined by using management's best estimation of exercise activity.

## Risk-Free Interest Rate

The Company utilizes a risk-free interest rate in the option valuation model based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues, with remaining terms similar to the expected term of the options.

## Expected Volatility

As the Company does not have an extensive trading history for its common stock, the expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company's publicly traded industry peers utilizing a period of time consistent with the Company's estimate of expected term.

## Expected Dividend Yield

The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, uses an expected dividend yield of zero in the option valuation model.

Fair Value of Underlying Common Stock

Prior to the initial public offering, the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying stock options was estimated by the Company. The Company prepared the valuations with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, utilizing approaches and methodologies consistent with the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensation and information provided by management, including historical and projected financial information, prospects and risks, company performance, various corporate documents, capitalization, and economic and financial market conditions. Management, with its third-party valuation firm, also utilized other economic, industry, and market information obtained from other resources considered reliable. After the initial public offering, the Company used the publicly quoted price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as the fair value of its common stock.

## RSUs

In August 2021, the Company began issuing RSUs to certain employees and nonemployees under the 2021 Plan. A summary of the Company's RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows:

| Weighted-  Average  Number of  Grant Date  RSU's Outstanding  Fair Value  Awarded and unvested at December 31, 2021  513,547  $  25.93  Awards granted  1,163,428  15.28  Awards vested  (121,496)  25.97  Awards forfeited  (193,059)  17.48  Awarded and unvested at December 31, 2022  1,362,420  $  18.03   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of RSU grants is determined based upon the market closing price of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. RSUs vest over the requisite service period, which ranges between four and five years from the date of grant, subject to continued employment for employees and provision of services for nonemployees. No RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2021.

Stock-based compensation expense included in the consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cost of revenue  $  -  $  -  $  -  Operating expenses  Research and development  1,647  517  27  Sales and marketing  1,736  280  34  General and administrative  3,353  2,339  1,933  Total stock-based compensation  $  6,736  $  3,136  $  1,994   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2022, there was $2.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of 1.4 years.

At December 31, 2022, there was $22.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted under the 2021 Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of 3.5 years.

## 12.        Income Taxes

The components of income before income taxes were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  2020  United States  $  (4,579)  $  7,265  $  16,548  Foreign  3,271  3,101  1,816  Total  $  (1,308)  $  10,366  $  18,364   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Current:  Domestic  $  1,303  $  915  $  2,485  Foreign  875  811  534  Total  2,178  1,726  3,019  Deferred:  Domestic  (3,020)  (765)  1,583  Foreign  47  105  51  Total  (2,973)  (660)  1,634  Provision for income taxes  $  (795)  $  1,066  $  4,653   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate applied to the income before provision for income taxes due to the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Federal statutory rate  21.0%  21.0%  21.0%  State taxes  (40.0)%  4.8%  4.3%  Non-deductible executive compensation  (32.4)%  14.3%  -%  Non-deductible IPO expenses  -%  4.5%  -%  Other permanent differences  (8.3)%  0.6%  (0.3)%  Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation  675.6%  (41.6)%  -%  Difference in prior year tax filings from provision  (22.6)%  4.3%  0.1%  Foreign tax rate differences  0.1%  2.5%  -%  Valuation Allowance  (542.8)%  -%  -%  Other  10.2%  -%  0.2%  60.8%  10.4%  25.3%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Stock-based compensation and other accruals  $  2,806  $  1,895  Federal and state net operating losses  602  3,919  Foreign tax credit  829  741  Operating lease liabilities  4,015  3,732  Fixed assets  --  87  Capitalized research and development costs  5,560  -  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software  development costs)  300  -  Other  635  76  Total deferred tax assets  14,747  10,450  Valuation allowance  (7,804)  (744)  Net deferred tax assets  $  6,943  $  9,706  Deferred tax liabilities:  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software  development costs)  --  (9,031)  Goodwill  (3,478)  -  Fixed assets  (119)  (98)  Operating lease right-of-use assets  (3,817)  (3,602)  Foregone foreign tax credit  (93)  (130)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (7,507)  (12,861)  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (564)  $  (3,155)  Reported as:  Deferred tax asset (non-current)  $  116  $  163  Deferred tax liability (non-current)  (680)  (3,318)  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (564)  $  (3,155)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company had a valuation allowance of $7.8 million and $0.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.  During 2022, given the cumulative history of losses (after adjusting for permanent differences mainly related to excess tax benefits on stock-based compensation), the Company recorded an increase of $7.1 million to the valuation allowance.  This increase represented a full valuation allowance against its net U.S. deferred tax assets as it determined it was more likely than not the Company will not be able to utilize these deferred tax assets.  Even though the Company is expecting to report U.S. taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the new requirements to capitalize research and development, given the cumulative history of losses it is not more likely than not that the Company will be able to utilize the resulting deferred tax assets in the future.  In prior years, the valuation allowance was only recorded against certain acquired state net operating losses and certain excess foreign tax credits.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had $0.9 million of federal and $4.4 million of state net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income. State net operating losses, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2031. A portion of these losses were acquired in the acquisition of Finovera, and therefore are subject to change of control provisions, which limit the amount of acquired tax attributes that can be utilized in a given tax year. The Company does not expect the change of control limitations to significantly impact our ability to utilize these attributes. Furthermore, the Company had an immaterial amount of non-refundable federal investment tax credits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in Canada, which are available to reduce future Canadian taxes and, if unused, begin to expire in 2035.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate was not material.

Interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense and were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Although it is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decrease within the next 12 months due to tax examination changes, settlement activities, or the impact on recognition and measurement considerations related to the results of published tax cases or other similar activities, the Company does not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefits over the next 12 months.

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and in various international jurisdictions. The Company's tax filings remain subject to audits by applicable tax authorities for a certain length of time following the tax year to which those filings relate. Tax years 2019 and forward generally remain open for

examination for federal and state tax purposes. Tax years 2018 and forward generally remain open for examination for foreign tax purposes.

The Company has not recorded foreign withholding taxes or deferred income tax liabilities related to undistributed earnings of foreign operations of approximately $6.9 million and $4.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, since such earnings are considered permanently invested.

## 13.        Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock

Basic net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by deducting the undeclared dividends on the Series A preferred stock from net income to arrive at net income attributable to common stock and dividing the net income attributable to common stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.

Diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents to the extent they are dilutive. The dilutive effect of outstanding options, RSUs and warrants is reflected in diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock by application of the treasury stock method. The calculation of diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock excludes all anti-dilutive common shares.

The rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis to each class of common stock and the resulting basic and diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders are, therefore, the same for both Class A and Class B common stock on both an individual and combined basis.

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock (in thousands except share and per share data):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Numerator:  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,300  $  13,711  Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock  -  (2,258)  (5,186)  Net (loss) income attributable to common stock  $  (513)  $  7,042  $  8,525  Denominator:  Weighted-average shares of common stock - basic  122,099,437  112,763,261  103,479,239  Dilutive effect of stock options to purchase common stock  -  6,009,890  2,728,644  Dilutive effect of RSUs  -  19,160  -  Dilutive effect of warrants  -  29,614  -  Weighted-average shares of common stock - diluted  122,099,437  118,821,925  106,207,883  Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock  Basic  $  -  $  0.06  $  0.08  Diluted  $  -  $  0.06  $  0.08   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarized the securities that were excluded from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock as their inclusion would have been antidilutive for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Stock options to purchase common stock  5,335,115  RSUs  996,256  Warrants  456,602   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not have any securities that were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share attributable to common stock calculations for the periods presented as all options, RSUs and warrants outstanding were considered to be dilutive.

## 14.        Geographic Information

Revenue by geographic area, based on the location of the Company's users, was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  United States  $  487,068  $  387,242  $  295,761  Other  9,933  8,282  6,006  Total  $  497,001  $  395,524  $  301,767   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets, by geographic area were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  December 31,  2022  2021  United States  $  706  $  588  Other  1,117  1,456  Total  $  1,823  $  2,044   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15.        Related Party Transactions

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's length basis due to the absence of free market forces that naturally exist in business dealings between two or more unrelated entities. Related party transactions may not always be favorable to the Company's business and may include terms, conditions and agreements that are not necessarily beneficial to or in the best interest of the Company.

On September 6, 2011, the Company issued a loan to the Company's Chief Executive Officer for $0.8 million at an interest rate of 2% per annum. The Company recorded the principal amount of $0.8 million as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. The Chief Executive Officer and an entity affiliated with him pledged 805 shares of the Company's Series A preferred shares and 1,788,205 common shares as security for the loan. The loan principal and interest were due and payable on September 6, 2026. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of interest income relating to the loan. On March 16, 2021, the Company's Chief Executive Officer paid in full the loan outstanding in the amount of $0.8 million, plus accrued interest of $0.2 million for a total payment of $1.0 million.

The wife of the Company's Chief Executive Officer serves as a vice president for the Company. She received aggregate compensation, inclusive of her base salary and bonus of $0.3 million for her employment with the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, and $0.2 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. In addition, the son of a member of the Company's board of directors serves as a vice president of the Company and he received aggregate compensation, inclusive of his base salary and bonus, of $0.3 million for his employment with the Company for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants On Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Exchange Act) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.

Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, and as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level. In light of this fact, our management has performed additional analyses, reconciliations, and other post-closing procedures and has concluded that, notwithstanding the material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, the consolidated financial statements for the periods covered by and included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K fairly state, in all material respects, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented in conformity with GAAP.

## Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on its financial statements.

Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, the Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, the COSO framework. Based upon this evaluation and as discussed herein, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As of the end of the period covered by this report, our material weaknesses are as follows:

· We lacked a sufficient number of trained professionals with an appropriate level of accounting knowledge, training and experience to appropriately analyze, record and disclose accounting matters, including accounting for capitalized internal-use software development costs, identification of reporting units, translation of foreign currency in consolidation, accounting for deferred compensation, calculation of earnings per share and classification of accounts

in the financial statements. Additionally, we did not design and maintain effective controls over verifying the appropriate review and approval of journal entries.

· We did not design and maintain effective controls relevant to the preparation of our financial statements with respect to certain IT general controls for information systems. Specifically, we did not design and maintain (1) program change management controls to ensure that IT program and data changes affecting certain IT applications and underlying accounting records are identified, tested, authorized and implemented appropriately; and (2) user access controls to ensure appropriate segregation of duties and that adequately restrict user and privileged access to financial applications, programs and data to appropriate company personnel.

These material weaknesses resulted in misstatements related to capitalized internal-use software development costs, accumulated other comprehensive income, cost of revenue, sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses, general and administrative expenses, income tax expense, the disclosure of deferred compensation, the classification of revenue, sales and marketing expenses, research and development expenses and general and administrative expenses, the calculation of earnings per share and the disclosure of revenue by geography as of and for the year ended December 31, 2019, which resulted in the restatement of the 2019 consolidated financial statements and a classification adjustment that was recorded to revenue and sales and marketing expenses in the 2020 consolidated financial statements. Additionally, these material weaknesses could result in a misstatement of substantially all of our accounts or disclosures that would result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by SEC rules for newly public companies.

## Remediation Plan

We believe we have made significant progress towards remediation of the material weaknesses described above.  We have completed the following remediation measures:

· updated the design of our general ledger accounting system to allow for effective restricted access and segregation of duties to govern the preparation and review of journal entries;

· implemented management review controls over journal entries and the identification and review of complex transactions; and

· secured the general ledger accounting system by implementing single sign-on (SSO).

Additional remediation measures are ongoing and include the following:

· implementing additional change management and access controls for our relevant IT applications to further restrict privileged access and implementing controls to review activities, which may materially affect our financial statements, for those users who have privileged access; and

· continuing to hire additional personnel with public company experience for our accounting and finance function.

While we believe these efforts will remediate the material weaknesses, these material weaknesses cannot be considered fully remediated until the applicable remedial controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these controls are operating effectively.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls

Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected. The design of any system of controls also is based in

part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because

of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

## Item 9B. Other Information

Not applicable.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

## PART III

We expect to file a definitive proxy statement relating to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our most recent fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only the information from the definitive proxy statement that specifically addresses disclosure requirements of Items 10-14 below is incorporated by reference.

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in our Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the Proxy Statement.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required under this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the information set forth in the Proxy Statement.

## Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

- (a) List of Documents Filed as Part of this Report:
- (1) Consolidated Financial Statements:

Our consolidated financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data."

- (2) Index to Financial Statement Schedules:

All schedules have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes, thereto, or because it is not required.

## (3) Index to Exhibits

See exhibits listed under Part (b) below:

## (b) Exhibits

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Number  Description  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing Date  Filed/  Furnished  Herewith  3.1  Amended and Restated Certificate of  Incorporation of Paymentus Holdings, Inc.  8-K  001-40429  3.1  May 28, 2021  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Paymentus  Holdings, Inc.  8-K  001-40429  3.2  November 14,  2022  4.1  Form of Class A Common Stock Certificate  S-1/A  333- 255683  4.1  May 13, 2021  4.2  Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of May  24, 2021, by and among Paymentus Holdings,  Inc. and the other signatories thereto  8-K  001-40429  4.1  May 28, 2021  4.3  Description of Securities  X  10.1  Form of Director and Officer Indemnification  Agreement  S-1/A  333- 255683  10.1  May 13, 2021  10.2+  2012 Equity Incentive Plan and related form  agreements  S-1/A  333- 255683  10.2  May 17, 2021  10.3+  Executive Incentive Compensation Plan  S-1/A  333- 255683  10.4  May 17, 2021  10.4+  Outside Director Compensation Policy  8-K  001-40429  10.2  February 14,  2023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART IV

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Number  Description  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing Date  Filed/  Furnished  Herewith  10.5+  Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between  the registrant and Dushyant Sharma  S-1/A  333- 255683  10.6  May 17, 2021  10.6+  Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between  the registrant and Paul Seamon  10-Q  001-40429  10.2  November 10,  2022  10.7+  Confirmatory Employment Letter by and between  the registrant and Gerasimos (Jerry) Portocalis  10-K  001-40429  10.9  March 3, 2022  10.8+  Change in Control and Severance Agreement by  and between the registrant and Dushyant Sharma  S-1/A  333- 255683  10.9  May 17, 2021  10.9+  Change in Control and Severance Agreement by  and between the registrant and Paul Seamon  8-K  001-40429  10.1  February 14,  2023  10.10+  Change in Control and Severance Agreement by  and between the registrant and Gerasimos  (Jerry) Portocalis  10-K  001-40429  10.13  March 3, 2022  10.11  Stockholders Agreement, dated as of May 24,  2021, by and among Paymentus Holdings, Inc.  and the other signatories thereto  8-K  001-40429  10.1  May 28, 2021  10.12+  2021 Equity Incentive Plan  10-K  001-40429  10.16  March 3, 2022  10.13+  Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under  the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan  10-K  001-40429  10.17  March 3, 2022  10.14+  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement  under the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan  X  10.15+  Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement  for Outside Directors under the 2021 Equity  Incentive Plan  10-Q  001-40429  10.1  May 6, 2022  10.16  Warrant Agreement, dated as of May 13, 2021,  by and between the Registrant and JPMC  Strategic Investments | Corporation.  S-1/A  333-255683  10.14  May 28, 2021  10.17  Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2022,  by and between Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and  JPMC Strategic Investments | Corporation.  8-K  001-40429  10.1  August 30, 2022  20.1  Paymentus Holdings, Inc. Insider Trading Policy  X  21.1  Subsidiaries of the Registrant  X  23.1  Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP,  Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  X  24.1  Power of Attorney (included on the signature  page hereto)  X  31.1  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  X  31.2  Certification of Principal Financial Officer  Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted  Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  X   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Incorporated by Reference  Exhibit  Number  Description  Form  File No.  Exhibit  Filing Date  Filed/  Furnished  Herewith  32.1*  Certification of Principal Executive Officer  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  X  32.2*  Certification of Principal Financial Officer  Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted  Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley  Act of 2002  X  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema  Document  X  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation  Linkbase Document  X  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition  Linkbase Document  X  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase  Document  X  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation  Linkbase Document  X  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as  Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)  X   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where applicable, schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request.

+       Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

*       The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this report are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Paymentus Holdings, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing.

None.

Date: March 3, 2023

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

By:

/s/ Dushyant Sharma

Dushyant Sharma

Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

Each person whose signature appears below hereby severally constitutes and appoints each of Dushyant Sharma, Paul Seamon and Andrew A. Gerber as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and hereby grants to each such attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or substitutes may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Name  Title  Date  /s/Dushyant Sharma  Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer  March 3, 2023  Dushyant Sharma  (Principal Executive Officer)  /s/ Paul Seamon  Interim Chief Financial Officer  March 3, 2023  Paul Seamon  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  /s/ Jody Davids  Director  March 3, 2023  Jody Davids  /s/ William Ingram  Director  March 3, 2023  William Ingram  /s/ Jason Klein  Director  March 3, 2023  Jason Klein  /s/ Adam Malinowski  Director  March 3, 2023  Adam Malinowski  /s/ Robert Palumbo  Director  March 3, 2023  Robert Palumbo  /s/ Gary Trainor  Director  March 3, 2023  Gary Trainor   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Paymentus Holdings, Inc. has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended: our Class A common stock, $0.0001 par value per share.

The general terms and provisions of our common stock are summarized below. This summary does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by express reference to, the provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, each of which is included as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K to which this description is an exhibit, and each of which may be amended from time to time. We encourage you to read our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and the applicable provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, or DGCL, for additional information.

Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares of capital stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which:

- 883,950,000 shares are designated as Class A common stock;
- 111,050,000 shares are designated as Class B common stock; and
- 5,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock.

## Common Stock

Our authorized shares of common stock are designated as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. The rights of the holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion.

## Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine.

## No Preemptive or Similar Rights

Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to redemption or sinking fund provisions. Our Class A common stock is not subject to conversion provisions.

## Voting Rights

Holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share held as of the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our Class A common stock, and holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to 10 votes per share held as of the applicable record date on all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our Class B common stock. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock generally vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders, unless otherwise required by Delaware law or our certificate of incorporation. Delaware law could require either holders of our Class A common stock or Class B common stock to vote separately as a single class if we were to seek to amend our certificate of incorporation in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences or special rights of such class of common stock in a manner that affected such shares adversely but does not so affect the shares of the other class of common stock.

Our stockholders do not have the ability to cumulate votes for the election of directors. As a result, the holders of a plurality of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors can elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose. With respect to matters other than the election of directors, at any meeting of the stockholders at which a quorum is present or represented, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at such meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders, except as otherwise provided by law, our governing documents or the rules of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. The holders of a majority of the voting power of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote as of the applicable record date, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at all meetings of the stockholders.

Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for a classified board of directors consisting of three classes of approximately equal size, each serving staggered three-year terms. Only the directors in one class are elected at each annual meeting of our stockholders, with the directors in the other classes continuing for the remainder of their respective three-year terms.

## Liquidation Rights

If we become subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock.

## Fully Paid and Non-assessable

All of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are fully paid and non-assessable.

## Conversion

Each share of our Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of our Class A common stock. In addition, each share of our Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of our Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain limited transfers exempted by our certificate of incorporation, including transfers to affiliates, members or partners of Accel-KKR, or AKKR, and transfers for estate planning purposes so long as the transferring holder retains exclusive voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares transferred. Once converted into a share of our Class A common stock, such share of our Class B common stock will not be reissued.

In addition, each outstanding share of Class B common stock held by a stockholder who is a natural person, other than Dushyant Sharma, or held by a permitted transferee of such natural person (as described in our certificate of incorporation), will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon the death or incapacity of such natural person. In the event of the death or incapacity of Mr. Sharma, shares of Class B common stock held by Mr. Sharma and his permitted transferees will also convert automatically to Class A common stock, provided that the conversion will be deferred for nine months.

Each outstanding share of Class B common stock will automatically convert into one share of our Class A common stock on the first trading day following the date on which AKKR, Mr. Sharma, the persons and entities then party to our stockholders agreement, and their respective affiliates and permitted transferees, collectively cease to hold at least 10% of our then outstanding common stock. Following the conversion of all outstanding shares of our Class B common stock into Class A common stock, no further shares of our Class B common stock will be issued.

## Preferred Stock

Our board of directors has the authority, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue shares of authorized but unissued preferred stock in one or more series, and to fix the designations, powers, preferences and rights, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. These powers, rights, preferences and privileges could include dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions), redemption price(s) and liquidation preferences, and the number of shares constituting any series or the designation of such series, any or all of which may be greater than the rights of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could adversely affect the voting power of holders of common stock and the likelihood that such holders will receive dividend payments and payments upon liquidation. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control or other corporate action.

## Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, which are summarized below, may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging another person from acquiring control of us. They are also designed, in part, to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate first with our board of directors. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our potential ability to negotiate with an unfriendly or unsolicited acquirer outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging a proposal to acquire us because negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms.

## Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws include a number of provisions that could deter hostile takeovers or delay or prevent changes in control of our board of directors or management. Among other things, these provisions provide that:

- we have a dual class common stock structure, with differing voting rights;
- the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors;
- any vacancies on the board of directors and any newly created directorships may only be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum;
- our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will stand for election once every three years;
- there is no cumulative voting;
- the board of directors may issue 'blank check' preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan;
- the board of directors may adopt, alter or repeal our bylaws;
- the forum for certain litigation against us is restricted to Delaware; and
- stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner, and also meet specific requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder's notice.

Additional provisions will become effective on such date when AKKR and its affiliates cease to beneficially own in the aggregate, directly or indirectly, at least 50% of the voting power of our capital stock, which, among other things, provide that:

· stockholders may not call special meetings of stockholders or act by written consent;

- directors may only be removed from office for cause and with the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock; and
- amending certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws is subject to super-majority voting thresholds.

We are not subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL, or Section 203. In general, Section 203 prohibits a publicly held Delaware corporation from engaging in a "business combination" with an "interested stockholder" for a three-year period following the time that the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. A "business combination" includes, among other things, a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. An "interested stockholder" is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns, or did own within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, 15% or more of the corporation's voting stock.

Under Section 203, a business combination between a corporation and an interested stockholder is prohibited unless it satisfies one of the following conditions: (1) before the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; (2) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding, shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans, in some instances; or (3) at or after the time the stockholder became an interested stockholder, the business combination was approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder.

A Delaware corporation may "opt out" of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or bylaws resulting from a stockholders' amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares.

We have opted out of Section 203; however, our certificate of incorporation contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain "business combinations" with any "interested stockholder" for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

· prior to such time, our board of directors approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;

- upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or
- at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our board of directors and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66-2/3% of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.

Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an "interested stockholder" to effect various business combinations with us for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring us to negotiate in advance with our board of directors because the stockholder approval requirement would be avoided if our board of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in our board of directors and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

Our certificate of incorporation provides that AKKR, certain of its direct or indirect transferees and any group as to which AKKR is a party for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of shares of our capital stock, do not constitute "interested stockholders" for purposes of this provision.

## Exclusive Forum

Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, stockholders, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders, (3) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or (4) any other action asserting a claim that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another State court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware), except for, as to each of (1) through (4) above, any claim as to which such court determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of such court (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of such court within 10 days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than such court or for which such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction. This provision would not apply to any action brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. Our bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions.

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC. 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT NOTICE OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Paymentus Holdings, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the ' Plan ') will have the same defined meanings in this Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, which includes the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the ' Notice of Grant '), the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A , and all other exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached hereto (including any additional terms and conditions for Participant's country set forth in Appendix 1 to the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the ' Country Addendum ') and restrictive covenants set forth in Appendix 2 to the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant (the ' Restrictive Covenants Addendum ')) (together, the ' Award Agreement ').

## nt Name:

The undersigned Participant has been granted an Award of Restricted Stock Units, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, as follows:

Grant Number:                                \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Grant Date:                                        \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Total Number of Restricted Stock Units:        \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

## Vesting Schedule :

For purposes of this Award Agreement, ' Quarterly Vesting Dates ' with respect to any calendar year means February 15, May 15, August 15, and November 15.

Subject to any acceleration provisions contained in the Plan, this Award Agreement or any other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and the Company (or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable) governing the terms of this Award, The Restricted Stock Units will be scheduled to vest according to the following vesting schedule:

One-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (1/\_\_ th ) of the Total Number of Restricted Stock Units (as set forth above) subject to this Award Agreement will be scheduled to vest on the one (1) year anniversary of the Grant Date (such first vesting date, the ' First Vesting Date '), and thereafter, one-\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (1/\_\_ th ) of the Total Number of Restricted Stock Units subject to this Award Agreement will be scheduled

to vest on each of the \_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (\_\_) Quarterly Vesting Dates that occur after the First Vesting Date, beginning with the second Quarterly Vesting Date following the First Vesting Date, subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through the applicable vesting date.

By Participant's signature or by Participant's acceptance of the Award Agreement via the Company's designated electronic acceptance procedures and the signature of the representative of the Company below, Participant and the Company agree that this Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, including the Terms and Conditions of Restricted Stock Unit Grant, attached hereto as Exhibit A , and all other exhibits, appendices and addenda attached hereto (including any Country Addendum  and Restrictive Covenants Addendum), all of which are made a part of this document.  Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan.  Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Award Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Award Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan or this Award Agreement. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in Participant's residence address indicated below.

PARTICIPANT                 PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Signature                Signature

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Print Name                Print Name

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Title

Residence Address:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

## EXHIBIT A

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

## 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

## RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

## TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT

1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units .  Paymentus Holdings, Inc. (the ' Company ') hereby grants to the individual (' Participant ') named in the Notice of Restricted Stock Unit Grant of this Award Agreement (the ' Notice of Grant ') under the Plan, on behalf of the Company and any Parent or Subsidiary by which Participant is employed, an Award of Restricted Stock Units, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement and the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference.  Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.

2. Company's Obligation to Pay .  Each Restricted Stock Unit represents the right to receive a share of the Company's Class A common stock (a ' Share ') on the date it vests.  Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units will have vested in the manner set forth in Section 3 or 4, Participant will have no right to payment of any such Restricted Stock Units.  Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, such Restricted Stock Unit will represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company.

3. Vesting Schedule .  Except as provided in Section 4, and subject to Section 5, the Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will vest in accordance with the vesting provisions set forth in the Notice of Grant.  Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, Restricted Stock Units scheduled to vest on a certain date or upon the occurrence of a certain condition will not vest in accordance with any of the provisions of this Award Agreement, unless Participant will have been continuously a Service Provider from the Date of Grant until the date such vesting occurs.

## 4. Payment after Vesting .

(a) General Rule .  Subject to Section 7, any Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to Participant (or in the event of Participant's death, to his or her properly and validly designated beneficiary or estate) in whole Shares.  Subject to the provisions of Section 4(c), such vested Restricted Stock Units shall be paid in whole Shares as soon as practicable after vesting, but in each such case within sixty (60) days following the vesting date.  In no event will Participant be permitted, directly or indirectly, to specify the taxable year of payment of any Restricted Stock Units payable under this Award Agreement.

(b) Discretionary Acceleration .  The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the unvested Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan.  If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having vested as of the date specified by the Administrator.

## (c) Section 409A .

(i)If Participant is a U.S. taxpayer, the payment of Shares vesting pursuant to this Award Agreement (including any discretionary acceleration under Section 4(b)) shall in all cases be paid at a time or in a manner that is exempt from, or complies with, Section 409A.  The prior sentence may be superseded in a future agreement or amendment to this Award Agreement only by direct and specific reference to such sentence.

(ii)Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Award Agreement or any other agreement (whether entered into before, on or after the Date of Grant), if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the termination of Participant's status as a Service Provider (provided that such termination is a 'separation from service' within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Administrator), other than due to Participant's death, and if (x) Participant is a U.S. taxpayer and a 'specified employee' within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such termination as a Service Provider and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to Participant on or within the six (6) month period following the cessation of Participant's status as a Service Provider, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of cessation of Participant's status as a Service Provider, unless Participant dies following his or her termination as a Service Provider, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid in Shares to Participant's estate as soon as practicable following his or her death.

(iii)It is the intent of this Award Agreement that it and all payments and benefits to U.S. taxpayers hereunder be exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Award Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities or ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be so exempt or so comply. Each payment payable under this Award Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2).  To the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, references to termination of Participant's status as a Service Provider, termination of employment, or similar phrases will be references to Participant's 'separation from service' within the meaning of Section 409A.  In no event will the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company have any responsibility, liability, or obligation to reimburse, indemnify, or hold harmless Participant (or any other person) for any taxes, penalties and interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A.

5. Forfeiture Upon Termination as a Service Provider .  Unless specifically provided otherwise in this Award Agreement or other written agreement authorized by the Administrator between Participant and the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parents, as applicable, governing the terms of this Award, if Participant ceases to be a Service Provider for any or no reason, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and Participant will have no further rights thereunder.

6. Death of Participant .  Any distribution or delivery to be made to Participant under this Award Agreement, if Participant is then deceased, will be made to Participant's designated beneficiary: provided, however, that the Administrator has permitted the designation and such designation is valid under Applicable Laws.  If no beneficiary survives Participant, or if the designation was not permitted by the Administrator or not valid under Applicable Laws, distribution or delivery shall be made to the administrator or executor of Participant's estate.  Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer.

## 7. Tax Obligations

(a) Responsibility for Taxes .  Participant acknowledges that, regardless of any action taken by the Company or, if different, Participant's employer or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company to which Participant is providing services (together, the ' Service Recipients '), the ultimate liability for any tax and/or social insurance liability obligations and requirements in connection with the Restricted Stock Units, including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state, and local taxes (including Participant's Federal Insurance Contributions Act (FICA) obligations) that are required to be withheld by any Service Recipient or other tax-related items related to Participant's participation in the Plan and legally applicable or deemed legally applicable to Participant, (ii) Participant's and, to the extent required by any Service Recipient, the Service Recipient's fringe benefit tax liability, if any, associated with the grant, vesting, or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or sale of Shares, and (iii) any other Service Recipient taxes the responsibility for which Participant has, or has agreed to bear, with respect to the Restricted Stock Units (or settlement thereof or issuance of Shares thereunder) (collectively, the ' Tax Obligations '), is and remains Participant's sole responsibility and may exceed the amount actually withheld by the applicable Service Recipient(s). Participant further acknowledges that no Service Recipient (A) makes any representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax Obligations in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such settlement and the receipt of any dividends or other distributions, and (B) makes any commitment to and is under any obligation to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate Participant's liability for Tax Obligations or achieve any particular tax result.  Further, if Participant is subject to Tax Obligations in more than one jurisdiction, Participant acknowledges that the applicable Service Recipient(s)

(or former service recipient(s), as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Withholding Obligations (as defined below) in more than one jurisdiction.

(b) Tax Withholding .  Pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may specify from time to time, the applicable Service Recipient(s) will withhold the amount required to be withheld for the payment of Tax Obligations (the ' Withholding Obligations ').  The Administrator, in its sole discretion and pursuant to such procedures as it may specify from time to time, may permit Participant to satisfy such Withholding Obligations, in whole or in part (without limitation), if permissible by Applicable Laws, by:  (i) paying cash in U.S. dollars, (ii) having the Company withhold otherwise deliverable Shares having a fair market value equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) (' Net Share Withholding '), (iii) withholding the amount of such Withholding Obligations from Participant's wages or other cash compensation payable to Participant by the applicable Service Recipient(s), (iv) delivering to the Company Shares that Participant owns and that already have vested with a fair market value equal to the Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences), (v) selling a sufficient number of such Shares otherwise deliverable to Participant, through such means as the Company may determine in its sole discretion (whether through a broker or otherwise) equal to the minimum amount that is necessary to meet the withholding requirement for such Withholding Obligations (or such greater amount as Participant may elect if permitted by the Administrator, if such greater amount would not result in adverse financial accounting consequences) (' Sell to Cover '), or (vi) such other means as the Administrator deems appropriate.  If the Withholding Obligations are satisfied by Net Share Withholding, for tax purposes, Participant is deemed to have been issued the full number of Shares subject to the vested Restricted Stock Units, notwithstanding that a number of the Shares are held back solely for the purpose of paying the Withholding Obligations.  To the extent determined appropriate by the Administrator in its discretion, the Administrator will have the right (but not the obligation) to satisfy any Withholding Obligations by Net Share Withholding.  If Net Share Withholding is the method by which such Withholding Obligations are satisfied, the Company will not withhold on a fractional Share basis to satisfy any portion of the Withholding Obligations and, unless the Company determines otherwise, no refund will be made to Participant for the value of the portion of a Share, if any, withheld in excess of the Withholding Obligations.  If a Sell to Cover is the method by which Withholding Obligations are satisfied, Participant agrees that as part of the Sell to Cover, additional Shares may be sold to satisfy any associated broker or other fees.  Only whole Shares will be sold pursuant to a Sell to Cover.  Any proceeds from the sale of Shares pursuant to a Sell to Cover that are in excess of the Withholding Obligations and any associated broker or other fees will be paid to Participant in accordance with procedures the Company may specify from time to time.

(c) Tax Consequences .  Participant has reviewed with his or her own tax advisers the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of this investment and the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement.  With respect to such matters, Participant relies solely on such advisers and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents,

written or oral.  Participant understands that Participant (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Participant's own tax liability that may arise as a result of this investment or the transactions contemplated by this Award Agreement.

(d) Company's Obligation to Deliver Shares .  For clarification purposes, in no event will the Company issue Participant any Shares unless and until arrangements satisfactory to the Administrator have been made for the payment of Participant's Withholding Obligations.  If Participant fails to make satisfactory arrangements for the payment of such Withholding Obligations hereunder at the time any applicable Restricted Stock Units otherwise are scheduled to vest pursuant to Sections 3 or 4 or Participant's Withholding Obligations otherwise become due, Participant permanently will forfeit such Restricted Stock Units to which Participant's Withholding Obligation relates and any right to receive Shares thereunder and such Restricted Stock Units will be returned to the Company at no cost to the Company.  Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may permanently refuse to issue or deliver the Shares if such Withholding Obligations are not satisfied at the time they are due.

8. Rights as Stockholder .  Neither Participant nor any person claiming under or through Participant will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares (which may be in book entry form) will have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to Participant (including through electronic delivery to a brokerage account).  After such issuance, recordation and delivery, Participant will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares.

9. No Guarantee of Continued Service .  PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF THE RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, WHICH UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS IS AT THE WILL OF THE APPLICABLE SERVICE RECIPIENT AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER.  PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AWARD AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL NOT BE INTERPRETED AS FORMING OR AMENDING AN EMPLOYMENT OR SERVICE CONTRACT,  DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT'S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF ANY SERVICE RECIPIENT TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT'S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER, SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH TERMINATION, UNLESS PROVIDED OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, MAY BE AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

10. Grant is Not Transferable .  Except to the limited extent provided in Section 6, this Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged

or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process.  Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this Award, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this Award and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void.

11. Nature of Grant .  In accepting this Award of Restricted Stock Units, Participant acknowledges, understands and agrees that:

(a)the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is exceptional, voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted in the past;

(b)all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units or other grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Administrator;

(c)Participant is voluntarily participating in the Plan;

(d)the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not intended to replace any pension rights or compensation;

(e)the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation for purposes of, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end-of-service payments, bonuses, holiday pay, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments;

(f)unless otherwise agreed with the Company in writing, the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not granted as consideration for, or in connection with, the service Participant may provide as a director of any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company;

(g)the future value of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units is unknown, indeterminable, and cannot be predicted with certainty;

(h)for purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant's status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated as of the date Participant is no longer actively providing services to the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant's employment or service agreement, if any), and unless otherwise expressly provided in this Award Agreement (including by reference in the Notice of Grant to other arrangements or contracts) or determined by the Administrator, Participant's right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate as of such date and will not be extended by any notice period (e.g., Participant's period

of service would not include any contractual notice period or any period of 'garden leave' or similar period mandated under employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant's employment or service agreement, if any, unless Participant is providing bona fide services during such time).  The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant is no longer actively providing services for purposes of this Award of Restricted Stock Units (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence and consistent with Applicable Laws).

(i)unless otherwise provided in the Plan or by the Administrator in its discretion, the Restricted Stock Units and the benefits evidenced by this Award Agreement do not create any entitlement to have the Restricted Stock Units or any such benefits transferred to, or assumed by, another company nor be exchanged, cashed out or substituted for, in connection with any corporate transaction affecting the Shares; and

(j)the following provisions apply only if Participant is providing services outside the United States:

(i)the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units, and the income from and value of same, are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purpose;

(ii)neither the Company nor any Service Recipient shall be liable for any foreign exchange rate fluctuation between Participant's local currency and the United States Dollar that may affect the value of the Restricted Stock Units or of any amounts due to Participant pursuant to the settlement of the Restricted Stock Units or the subsequent sale of any Shares acquired upon settlement; and

(iii)no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from the termination of Participant's status as a Service Provider (for any reason whatsoever whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant's employment or service agreement, if any), and in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units to which Participant is otherwise not entitled, Participant irrevocably agrees never to institute any claim against any Service Recipient, waives his or her ability, if any, to bring any such claim, and releases each Service Recipient from any such claim; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is allowed by a court of competent jurisdiction, then, by participating in the Plan, Participant shall be deemed irrevocably to have agreed not to pursue such claim and agrees to execute any and all documents necessary to request dismissal or withdrawal of such claim.

12. Restrictive Covenants .  In consideration of this grant of Restricted Stock Units, Participant agrees to the restrictive covenants set forth in Appendix 2 to this Award Agreement, the terms of which are incorporated by reference.

13. No Advice Regarding Grant .  The Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding Participant's participation in the Plan, or Participant's acquisition or sale of the Shares underlying the Restricted Stock Units.  Participant is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisers regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan.

14. Data Privacy.  Participant hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use and transfer, in electronic or other form, of Participant's personal data as described in this Award Agreement and any other Restricted Stock Unit grant materials by and among, as applicable, the Company and the Service Recipients for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing Participant's participation in the Plan.

Participant understands that the Company and the Service Recipient may hold certain personal information about Participant, including, but not limited to, Participant's name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance number or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any Shares or directorships held in the Company, details of all Restricted Stock Units or any other entitlement to Shares awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in Participant's favor ('Data'), for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Plan.

Participant understands that Data will be transferred to a third-party stock plan service provider, which is assisting the Company with the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. Participant understands that the recipients of the Data may be located in the United States or elsewhere, and that the recipients' country of operation (e.g., the United States) may have different data privacy laws and protections than Participant's country.  Participant understands that if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the Data by contacting his or her local human resources representative.  Participant authorizes the Company, any stock plan service provider selected by the Company and any other possible recipients which may assist the Company (presently or in the future) with implementing, administering and managing the Plan to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer the Data, in electronic or other form, for the sole purpose of implementing, administering and managing his or her participation in the Plan.  Participant understands that Data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage Participant's participation in the Plan.  Participant understands if he or she resides outside the United States, he or she may, at any time, view Data, request additional information about the storage and processing of Data, require any necessary amendments to Data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing his or her local human resources representative.  Further, Participant understands that he or she is providing the consents herein on a purely voluntary basis.  If Participant does not consent, or if Participant later seeks to revoke his or her consent, his or her status as a Service Provider and career with the Service Recipient will not be adversely affected.  The only adverse consequence of refusing or withdrawing Participant's consent is that the Company would not be able to grant Participant Restricted Stock Units or other equity awards or administer or maintain such awards.  Therefore, Participant understands that refusing or withdrawing his or

her consent may affect Participant's ability to participate in the Plan.  For more information on the consequences of Participant's refusal to consent or withdrawal of consent, Participant understands that he or she may contact his or her local human resources representative.

15. Address for Notices .  Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement will be addressed to the Company at Paymentus Holdings, Inc., 11605 N. Community House Road, Suite 300, Charlotte, NC 28277, Attention: General Counsel, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing.

16. Successors and Assigns .  The Company may assign any of its rights under this Award Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company.  Subject to the restrictions on transfer herein set forth, this Award Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and Participant's heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.  The rights and obligations of Participant under this Award Agreement may be assigned only with the prior written consent of the Company.

17. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Stock .  If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, qualification or rule compliance of the Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state, federal or non-U.S. law, the tax code and related regulations or under the rulings or regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory body or the clearance, consent or approval of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission or any other governmental regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the issuance of Shares to Participant (or his or her estate) hereunder, such issuance will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, rule compliance, clearance, consent or approval will have been completed, effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company.  Subject to the terms of the Award Agreement and the Plan, the Company will not be required to issue any certificate or certificates for (or make any entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company of) the Shares hereunder prior to the lapse of such reasonable period of time following the date of vesting of the Restricted Stock Units as the Administrator may establish from time to time for reasons of administrative convenience.

18. Language .  Participant acknowledges that Participant is sufficiently proficient in the English language, or has consulted with an adviser who is sufficiently proficient in the English language, so as to allow Participant to understand the terms and conditions of this Award Agreement. If Participant has received this Award Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than the English language and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English language version will control.

19. Interpretation .  The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Award Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested).  All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be

final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons.  Neither the Administrator nor any person acting on behalf of the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Award Agreement.

20. Electronic Delivery and Acceptance .  The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to the Restricted Stock Units awarded under the Plan or future Restricted Stock Units that may be awarded under the Plan by electronic means or require Participant to participate in the Plan by electronic means.  Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through any on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company.
21. Captions .  Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.
22. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan .  By accepting this Award, Participant expressly warrants that he or she has received an Award of Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, and has received, read and understood a description of the Plan.  Participant understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be amended, suspended or terminated by the Administrator at any time.
23. Country Addendum .  Notwithstanding any provisions in this Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any additional terms and conditions set forth in the Country Addendum (if any) for any country whose laws are applicable to Participant and this Award of Restricted Stock Units (as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion).  Moreover, if Participant relocates to one of the countries included in the Country Addendum, the additional terms and conditions for such country will apply to Participant, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable for legal or administrative reasons.  The Country Addendum (if any) constitutes a part of this Award Agreement.
24. Modifications to the Award Agreement .  This Award Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered.  Participant expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Award Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein.  Modifications to this Award Agreement can be made only in an express written contract executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Award Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Award Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Participant, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with this Award of Restricted Stock Units.
25. No Waiver .  Either party's failure to enforce any provision or provisions of this Award Agreement shall not in any way be construed as a waiver of any such provision or

provisions, nor prevent that party from thereafter enforcing each and every other provision of this Award Agreement.  The rights granted both parties herein are cumulative and shall not constitute a waiver of either party's right to assert all other legal remedies available to it under the circumstances.

26. Insider Trading/Market Abuse Laws . Participant acknowledges that Participant may be subject to insider trading restrictions and/or market abuse laws based on the exchange on which the Shares are listed and in applicable jurisdictions including, but not limited to, the United States and Participant's country of residence, which may affect Participant's ability to acquire or sell Shares or rights to Shares (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) under the Plan during such time as Participant is considered to have 'inside information' regarding the Company (as defined by the laws in the applicable jurisdictions).  Local insider trading laws and regulations may prohibit the cancellation or amendment of orders Participant placed before Participant possessed inside information.  Furthermore, Participant could be prohibited from (i) disclosing the inside information to any third party and (ii) 'tipping' third parties or causing them otherwise to buy or sell securities.  Participant should keep in mind third parties includes fellow employees.  Any restrictions under these laws or regulations are separate from and in addition to any restrictions that may be imposed under any applicable insider trading policy of the Company.  Participant is responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable restrictions and should consult with his or her personal legal advisor on this matter.

27. Governing Law; Venue; Severability .  This Award Agreement and the Restricted Stock Units are governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of the State of Delaware.  For purposes of any action, lawsuit or other proceedings brought to enforce this Award Agreement, relating to it, or arising from it, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Delaware, and no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Award Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.

28. Entire Agreement .  The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Award Agreement (including the exhibits, appendices, and addenda attached to the Notice of Grant) constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to Participant's interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the restrictive covenants set forth in Appendix 2 do not supersede or in any way modify any other restrictive covenants applicable to Participant in any employment or other agreement with the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary of the Company. This Award Agreement, the Restricted Stock Units, and any Shares received hereunder shall be subject to any compensation recoupment or similar policy adopted by the Company from time to time as required by law or any rules of the New York Stock Exchange or other stock exchange.

*          *          *

## APPENDIX 1

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

## 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

## COUNTRY ADDENDUM TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Country Addendum to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (the ' Country Addendum ') will be ascribed the same defined meanings as set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement of which this Country Addendum forms a part (or the Plan or other written agreement as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement).

## Terms and Conditions

This Country Addendum includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Award of Restricted Stock Units granted to Participant under the Plan to the extent Participant resides and/or works in one of the countries listed below.  If Participant is a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the country in which Participant is currently residing and/or working, or if Participant transfers employment and/or residency to another country after the Award of Restricted Stock Units is granted, the Company, in its discretion, will determine to what extent the terms and conditions contained herein will apply to Participant.

## Notifications

This Country Addendum also includes information regarding securities laws, exchange controls and certain other issues of which Participant should be aware with respect to Participant's participation in the Plan.  The information is provided solely for Participant's convenience and is based on the securities, exchange control and other Applicable Laws in effect in the respective countries as of April 2021 . Such Applicable Laws often are complex and change frequently.  As a result, the Company strongly recommends that Participant not rely on the information in this Country Addendum as the only source of information relating to the consequences of Participant's participation in the Plan because the information may be out of date at the time Participant vests in or receives or sells the Shares covered by the Restricted Stock Units.

In addition, the information contained in this Country Addendum is general in nature and may not apply to Participant's particular situation, and the Company is not in a position to assure Participant of any particular result.  Participant should seek appropriate professional advice as to how the Applicable Laws in Participant's country may apply to his or her situation.

Finally, if Participant is a citizen or resident (or is considered as such for local law purposes) of a country other than the one in which Participant currently is residing and/or working, or if Participant transfers residence and/or employment to another country after the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the information in this Country Addendum may not apply to Participant in the same manner.

## CANADA

## Terms and Conditions

Settlement of Restricted Stock Units . Notwithstanding any discretion in Section 9.4 of the Plan and without prejudice to Section 7(b) of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, Restricted Stock Units will be settled in Shares only, not in cash.

Termination .  The following provision replaces the second paragraph of Sections 5 and 11(h) of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement in its entirety:

For purposes of the Restricted Stock Units, Participant's status as a Service Provider will be considered terminated (regardless of the reason for such termination and whether or not later found to be invalid or in breach of employment laws in the jurisdiction where Participant is a Service Provider or the terms of Participant's employment or service agreement, if any) as of the date that is the earliest of: (i) the date of termination of Participant's status as a Service Provider, (ii) the date on which Participant receives notice of termination of his or her status as a Service Provider, and (iii) the date on which Participant ceases to be providing services to the Company, the Service Recipient or any other Subsidiary or Parent of the Company, which date shall not be extended by any notice period or period of pay in lieu of such notice mandated under the employment laws of the jurisdiction in which Participant is providing service or the terms of Participant's employment or other service agreement, if any.  The Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when Participant no longer is actively providing services for purposes of the Award (including whether Participant may still be considered to be providing services while on a leave of absence).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if applicable employment standards legislation explicitly requires continued vesting during a statutory notice period, Participant's right to vest in the Award, if any, will terminate effective upon the expiry of the minimum statutory notice period, but Participant will not earn or be entitled to prorated vesting if the vesting date falls after the end of the statutory notice period, nor will Participant be entitled to any compensation in lieu of any such prorated vesting.

Language .  The parties acknowledge that it is Participant's express wish that the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement, as well as all documents, notices and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English.

Les parties reconnaissent que le participant souhaite expressément que le contrat d'attribution, ainsi que tous les documents, avis et procédures judiciaires conclus, donnés ou intentés en vertu des présentes ou s'y rapportant directement ou indirectement, soient rédigés en anglais.

Data Privacy .  This provision supplements Section 14 of the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement:

Participant hereby authorizes any Service Recipient, and any agents or representatives to (i) discuss with and obtain all relevant information from all personnel, professional or non-professional, involved in the administration and operation of the Plan, and (ii) disclose and discuss any and all information relevant to the Plan with their advisers.  Participant further authorizes the Company and any Service Recipient and any agents or representatives to record such information and to keep such information in Participant's file.

## Notifications

Securities Law Notification . Participant is permitted to sell Shares acquired under the Plan through the designated broker appointed under the Plan, if any, provided the resale of Shares acquired under the Plan takes place outside Canada through the facilities of the exchange on which the Shares are then listed.

## India

## Notifications

Exchange Control Notification .  Participant is required to repatriate to India, or cause to be repatriated, any proceeds from the sale of Shares acquired under the Plan and any dividends received in relation to the Shares within such time as prescribed under applicable Indian exchange control laws as may be amended from time to time.  Participant should obtain a foreign inward remittance certificate ('FIRC') or other similar form from the bank where Participant deposits the funds and maintain the FIRC or other form as evidence of the repatriation of funds in the event the Reserve Bank of India or Participant's employer requests proof of repatriation. Participant should consult with his or her personal legal adviser to ensure compliance with the applicable requirements.

## APPENDIX 2

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

## 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

## RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS ADDENDUM TO RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum to Restricted Stock Unit Agreement will be ascribed the same defined meanings as set forth in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement of which this Restrictive Covenants Addendum forms a part (or the Plan or other written agreement as specified in the Restricted Stock Unit Agreement).

## 1.Confidential Information

a.Participant expressly agrees that, throughout the term of Participant's employment with the Company and at all times following the cessation of Participant's employment from the Company, for so long as the information remains confidential, Participant will not acquire, use, transfer, download, print, or disclose any Confidential Information other than for the purpose to carry out the duties of Participant's employment for the benefit of the Company (but in all cases preserving confidentiality by following the Company's policies and procedures). Participant agrees to take all reasonable measures to protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure or use of Confidential Information in order to prevent it from falling into the public domain or into the possession of any Competing Business or any persons other than those persons authorized under this Restrictive Covenants Addendum to have such information for the benefit of the Company.  Participant agrees to notify the Company in writing of any actual or suspected misuse, misappropriation, or unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information that may come to Participant's attention.  Participant acknowledges that if Participant discloses or uses knowledge of the Company's Confidential Information to gain an advantage for Participant, for any Competing Business, or for any other person or entity other than the Company, such an advantage so obtained would be unfair and detrimental to the Company.

b.Participant shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal.

c.Nothing contained in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum is intended to prohibit Participant from disclosing or discussing information relating to compensation or working conditions protected by the National Labor Relations Act or applicable law. Additionally, nothing contained in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum prohibits or prevents Participant from filing a charge with or participating, testifying, or assisting in any investigation, hearing, whistleblower proceeding, or other proceeding before any federal, state, or local government agency (e.g., EEOC, NLRB, SEC, etc.) or in any legislative or judicial proceeding nor does anything in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum preclude, prohibit or otherwise limit, in any way, Participant's rights and abilities to contact, communicate with or report unlawful conduct to federal, state, or local officials for investigation or participate in any whistleblower program administered by such agencies. The Company further acknowledges Participant's rights to make truthful statements or disclosures required by law, regulation, or legal process and to request or receive confidential legal advice, and nothing in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall be deemed to impair those rights. The Company also acknowledges Participant's rights to make truthful statements or disclosures about unlawful employment practices which are defined to mean any form of unlawful discrimination, harassment, or retaliation that is actionable under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any comparable state statue or any other related federal or state rule or law that is enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or any comparable state agency.

2.Limited Non-Compete Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, as a result of Participant's employment with the Company: (i) Participant has and will have access to and be involved in the development and utilization of the Company's Confidential Information; (ii) Participant will develop and maintain critical relationships with the Company's customers, prospective customers, employees, consultants, and independent contractors; and (iii) Participant will be responsible for further developing and strengthening the Company's goodwill in the market.  Accordingly, Participant expressly agrees that Participant will not Compete with the Company during the Restricted Period within the Restricted Territory on behalf of any Competing Business.

3.Non-Solicitation of Customers/Prospective Customers. Participant expressly agrees that during the Restricted Period, Participant will not, directly or indirectly, either alone or by assisting or acting in concert with others, on behalf of themselves or any other person, business, entity, including but not limited to on behalf of a Competing Business, solicit, persuade, induce, encourage, divert, or attempt to solicit, persuade, induce, encourage, or divert, or otherwise accept business from, any Customer or Prospective Customer with

whom Participant had Material Contact, for the purpose of interfering in the relationship between such Customer or Prospective Customer and the Company, or providing products or services that are competitive with or could replace the Company's products or services in the Company's Business.

4.Non-Raiding of Employees. Participant expressly agrees that during the Restricted Period, Participant will not, directly or indirectly, either alone or by assisting or acting in concert with others, on behalf of themselves or any other person, business or entity, solicit, induce, encourage or attempt to solicit, induce or encourage any then current employee or independent contractor of the Company (each, a 'Restricted Employee') to alter or terminate their relationship with the Company, or hire, employ, recruit or attempt to hire, employ or recruit any Restricted Employee on behalf of any other person, business or entity.

5.Remedies. In the event that Participant breaches any of the restrictive covenants set forth in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum, the then-unvested Restricted Stock Units awarded by this Award Agreement will thereupon be forfeited at no cost to the Company and Participant will have no further rights thereunder. Participant agrees that the obligations set forth in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum are necessary and reasonable in order to protect the Company's legitimate business interests and (without limiting the foregoing) that the obligations set forth in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum are necessary and reasonable in order to protect the Company's legitimate business interests in protecting its Confidential Information, customer and employee relationships and the goodwill associated therewith.  Participant expressly agrees that due to the unique nature of the Company's Confidential Information, and its relationships with its customers and employees, monetary damages would be inadequate to compensate the Company for any breach by Participant of the covenants and agreements set forth in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum.  Accordingly, Participant agrees and acknowledges that any such violation or threatened violation shall cause irreparable injury to the Company and that, in addition to forfeiture of any unvested Restricted Stock Units and any other remedies that may be available in law, in equity, or otherwise, the Company shall be entitled:  (a) to obtain injunctive relief against the threatened breach of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum or the continuation of any such breach by Participant, without the necessity of proving actual damages, and without necessity of posting bond; and (b) to recover any costs or attorneys' fees, arising out of or in connection with any breach or threatened breach by Participant or any action relating to Participant's obligations under this Restrictive Covenants Addendum. Any such equitable relief sought or obtained pursuant to this Restrictive Covenants Addendum will not be the Company's exclusive remedy to address Participant's breach or threatened breach of the provisions herein, and the Company shall be entitled to pursue all remedies available, including but not limited to actual damages, pursuant to applicable law. No claim, demand, action, or cause of action that Participant

may have against the Company shall constitute a defense to the Company's enforcement of any of its rights or Participant's obligations hereunder by the Company or the Company's successors or assigns.

6.Tolling. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Restricted Period shall be tolled on a day-for-day basis for all periods in which Participant is in breach of the obligations contained in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum, so that the Company receives the full benefit of the Restricted Period to which Participant has agreed herein. Participant also agrees that if Participant or the Company institutes litigation to enforce or challenge the protective covenants in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum, and Participant is not enjoined from breaching one or more of the protective covenants contained in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum, and a court thereafter determines that one or more of the protective covenants are enforceable, the Restricted Period shall be tolled (i.e. suspended) beginning on the date the litigation was instituted until the litigation is finally resolved and all periods of appeal have expired.

7.Definitions. For all purposes throughout this Restrictive Covenants Addendum, the terms defined below shall have the respective meanings specified in this section.

a.'Business' means the business of investing and operating in payments, payments networks, billing, billing solutions, software and technology-enabled businesses, including a continuous program of research, development, production and marketing.

b.'Cause' shall mean voluntary resignation, disability that renders Participant incapable of performing the essential functions of Participant's job, with or without reasonable accommodation, after Participant has exhausted any leave available under applicable law or Company policy, job abandonment, substandard performance, engaging in any act or omission deemed to be against the best interests of the Company, unsafe, threatening or violent activity or conduct, and any other conduct that could reasonably be perceived as damaging the Company's reputation or interfering with its business interests. A termination for Cause may be based on conduct that takes place in or outside the workplace. Cause shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Company.

c.'Compete' shall mean: (i) providing the same or similar services or expertise

Participant provided to the Company at any time during the twelve (12) months prior to cessation of employment; (ii) any involvement where Participant will be responsible for managing others, participating in strategic decision-making, engaging in research or development, or personally selling products or services that are the same as or substantially similar to the products or services market, sold, or provided by the Company; or (iii) any other capacity where Participant's knowledge of the Company's Confidential Information could provide a competitive advantage to any Competing Business.

d.'Competing Business' shall mean any person or entity in the business of developing, distributing, selling, supplying or otherwise dealing with (including but not limited to technical and product support, professional services, technical advice and other customer services) billing and payment solutions (products and services) that offer billers the ability to send bills via electronic channels, receive payments of all types, reconcile payments in real time, and empower customers to work with a self-service billing portal and any other products or services that could replace and are therefore competitive with those offered by the Company or any predecessor within the two (2) years prior to the cessation of Participant's employment.

e.'Confidential Information' shall mean sensitive business information having actual or potential value to the Company or its affiliates because it is not generally known to the general public or ascertainable by a Competing Business, and which has been disclosed to Participant, or of which Participant will become aware, as a consequence of the employment with the Company. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to, the Company's investment strategies, management planning information, business plans, operational methods, market studies, marketing plans or strategies, patent information, business acquisition plans, past, current and planned research and development, formulas, methods, patterns, processes, procedures, instructions, designs, inventions, operations, engineering, drawings, equipment, devices, technology, software systems, price lists, sales reports and records, sales books and manuals, code books, financial information and projections, personnel data such as compensation, strengths, weaknesses, and experience, names of customers, customer lists and contact information, customer pricing and purchasing information, lists of targeted prospective customers, supplier lists, product/service and marketing data and programs, product/service plans, product development, advertising campaigns, new product designs or roll out, agreements with third parties, or any information designated by the Company as being 'confidential.'  Confidential Information may be in written or non-written form, as well as information held on electronic media or networks, magnetic storage, cloud storage service, or other similar media.  The Company has invested

and will continue to invest extensive time, resources, talent, and effort to develop its Confidential Information, all of which generates goodwill for the Company.  Participant acknowledges that the Company has taken reasonable and adequate steps to control access to the Confidential Information and to prevent unauthorized disclosure, which could cause injury to the Company. This definition shall not limit any broader definition of 'confidential information' or any equivalent term under applicable state or federal law.  Confidential Information shall not include any information that (i) is or becomes generally available to the public other than as a result of an unauthorized or unintentional disclosure, (ii) has been independently developed and disclosed by others without violating any obligations to the Company or applicable law, or (iii) otherwise enters the public domain through lawful means.

f.'Customer' of the Company shall mean any business or entity that agreed, verbally or in writing, to purchase products or services from the Company or actually purchased products or services from the Company within the twelve (12) months preceding the cessation of Participant's employment with the Company.

g.The term 'employment' shall include service as an employee, consultant, or other service provider of the Company or any Subsidiary or Parent of the Company.

h.Participant will be deemed to have had 'Material Contact' with any Customer or Prospective Customer of the Company if, in the twelve (12) months prior to the cessation of Participant's employment with the Company, the Customer or Prospective Customer is one: (i) with whom or which Participant dealt on behalf of the Company; (ii) whose dealings with the Company were coordinated or supervised by Participant; (iii) about whom Participant obtained Confidential Information in the ordinary course of business as a result of Participant's employment with the Company; or (iv) who received products or services authorized by the Company, the sale or provision of which resulted in compensation, commissions, or earnings for Participant.

i.'Prospective Customer' shall mean any business or entity that is not a Customer, but to whom Participant provided a bid, quote for products or services, or about whom Participant obtained Confidential Information for the purposes of securing a sale, during the twelve (12) months preceding cessation of Participant's employment with the Company.

j.'Restricted Period' shall mean the entire period of Participant's employment with the Company and a twelve (12) month period immediately following the cessation of Participant's employment.

k.'Restricted Territory' shall mean (i) Participant's designated territory or area of responsibility as of the cessation of Participant's employment with the Company; and (ii) the geographic areas in which Participant, during any time in the last twelve (12) months of employment with the Company, provided services or had a material presence or influence. Acts done by Participant outside the 'Restricted Territory' shall be deemed to be done within the 'Restricted Territory' where their primary purpose or effect is to compete with the Company on behalf of a Competing Business within the 'Restricted Territory.'

8.Participant's right to consult with counsel. Participant acknowledges that Participant has been provided an opportunity, and has been made aware of Participant's right, to consult with counsel of their choosing at Participant's expense prior to entering into the Award Agreement, including specifically (but without limitation) the restrictive covenants in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum.

9.Notification of New Employer. Before Participant accepts employment or enters into any consulting, independent contractor, or other professional or business engagement with any other person or entity while any of the provisions of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum are in effect, Participant will provide such person or entity with written notice of the provisions of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum and will deliver a copy of that notice to the Company. While any of the restrictive covenant provisions of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum are in effect, Participant agrees that, upon the request of the Company, Participant will furnish the Company with the name and address of any new employer or entity for whom Participant provides contractor or consulting services, as well as the capacity in which Participant will be employed or otherwise engaged. Participant hereby consents to the Company's notifying Participant's new employer about Participant's responsibilities, restrictions and obligations under this Restrictive Covenants Addendum.

10.State Law Exceptions. The Company acknowledges and agrees that, in certain states the covenants contained in this Restrictive Covenants Addendum may have limited or no applicability.  The Company intends for this Restrictive Covenants Addendum to comply

fully with state and local laws and, as such, acknowledges that this Restrictive Covenants Addendum is limited or not applicable in the following states. To the extent that there are additional limitations not acknowledged herein, the Company intends for this

Restrictive Covenants Addendum to be read and applied in full compliance with applicable state laws. Further, to the extent any state not listed limits enforceability of a covenant if Participant's annual compensation is insufficient for enforceable post-employment non-competition or non-solicitation restrictions, such limitation is incorporated by reference.

a.Arizona. If Participant's primary work location is in Arizona as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, Sections 3 and 4 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum will prohibit Participant from engaging in the conduct described only in the 'Restricted Territory.'

b.California.  If Participant's primary work location is in California as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, Sections 2, 3, 4 and 6 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum do not apply to Participant after Participant's last day of employment.  Further, Section 5 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall provide for attorneys' fees to the prevailing party as required under California Civil Code § 1717.

c.Connecticut.  If Participant's primary work location is in Connecticut, Section 1 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall not be interpreted to preclude Participant from discussing at any time the compensation of any employee of the Company who has voluntarily disclosed that compensation information to Participant.

d.Florida. If Participant's primary work location is in Florida as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, then the phrase 'and without necessity of posting bond' shall be struck from Section 5 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum.

e.Hawaii. If Participant's primary work location is in Hawaii as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, then after the last day of employment the restrictions in Section 2 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum will apply geographically only to the specific island(s) within the State of Hawaii for which Participant had managerial and/or sales responsibility.

f.Idaho.  If Participant's primary work location is in Idaho as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, then after the last day of employment the restrictions in Sections 2, 3, and 4 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall apply only if Participant is a 'key employee.'  As used herein, the phrase 'key employee' means an employee who, by reason of the employer's investment of time, money, trust, exposure to the public, or exposure to technologies, intellectual property, business plans, business processes and methods of operation, customers, vendors or other business relationships during the course of employment, has

gained a high level of inside knowledge, influence, credibility, notoriety, fame, reputation or public persona as a representative or spokesperson of the employer and, as a result, has the ability to harm or threaten an employer's legitimate business interests.

g.Nebraska.  If Participant's primary work location is in Nebraska as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, then after the last day of employment the restrictions in Section 2 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum will not apply. After Participant's employment with the Company ceases, the restrictions of Section 3 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum will only apply to the Company's current Customers, and not to Prospective Customers.  Also after Participant's employment with the Company ceases, (1) the definition of 'Customer' in Section 7(f) of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall only apply to any business or entity that is a current customer of the Company; (2) the definition of 'Material Contact' in Section 7(h) of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall mean doing business and having personal contact with Customers during Participant's employment with the Company; and (3) the definition of 'Restricted Employee' in Section 4 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum shall mean any employee of the Company whom Participant had material business-related contact during Participant's employment with the Company, and who is actually employed by the Company at the time of the conduct prohibited by Section 4 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum, or who were employed by the Company within three (3) months prior to the contact prohibited by Section 4 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum.

h.Tennessee. If Participant's primary work location is in Tennessee as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, Sections 3 and 4 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum will prohibit Participant from engaging in the conduct described only in the 'Restricted Territory.'

i.Virginia. If Participant's primary work location is in Virginia, then: (i) at any time that Participant is a 'low-wage employee' within the meaning of Virginia Code § 40.1-28.7:8, Section 2 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum does not apply and Section 3 of this Restrictive Covenants Addendum is modified by deleting the phrase 'or otherwise accept business from'; and (ii) as of the date Participant's employment with the Company ceases, 'Compete' as defined in Section 7(c), shall mean: providing the same or similar services or expertise Participant provided to the Company at any time during the twelve (12) months prior to cessation of employment.

## A.POLICY OVERVIEW

Paymentus Holdings, Inc. (together with any subsidiaries, collectively the ' Company ') has adopted this Insider Trading Policy (the ' Policy ') to help you comply with the federal and state securities laws and regulations that govern trading in securities and to help the Company minimize its own legal and reputational risk.

It is your responsibility to understand and follow this Policy. Insider trading is illegal and a violation of this Policy. In addition to your own liability for insider trading, the Company, as well as individual directors, officers and other supervisory personnel, could face liability. Even the appearance of insider trading can lead to government investigations or lawsuits that are time-consuming, expensive and can lead to criminal and civil liability, including damages and fines, imprisonment and bars on serving as an officer or director of a public company, not to mention irreparable damage to both your and the Company's reputation.

For purposes of this Policy, the Company's General Counsel serves as the Compliance Officer. The Compliance Officer may designate others, from time to time, to assist with the execution of his or her duties under this Policy.

## B.POLICY STATEMENT

1.No Trading on Material Nonpublic Information. It is illegal for anyone to trade in securities on the basis of material nonpublic information. If you are in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company, you are prohibited from:

a.using it to transact in securities of the Company;

b.disclosing it to other directors, officers, employees, consultants, contractors or advisors whose roles do not require them to have the information;

c.disclosing it to anyone outside of the Company, including family, friends, business associates, investors or consulting firms, without prior written authorization from the Compliance Officer; or d.using it to express an opinion or make a recommendation about trading in the Company's securities.

In addition, material nonpublic information about another company that you learn through your service with the Company is subject to these same restrictions around disclosure and trading, and you cannot use that information to trade securities. Any such action will be deemed a violation of this Policy.

2.No Disclosure of Confidential Information. You may not at any time disclose material nonpublic information about the Company or about another company that you obtained in connection with your service with the Company to friends, family members or any other person or entity that the Company has not authorized to know such information. In addition, you must handle the confidential information of

## PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

## INSIDER TRADING POLICY

others in accordance with any related non-disclosure agreements and other obligations that the Company has with them and limit your use of the confidential information to the purpose for which it was disclosed.

If you receive an inquiry for information from someone outside of the Company, such as a stock analyst, investor or the media, or a request for sensitive information outside the ordinary course of business from someone outside of the Company, such as a business partner, vendor, supplier or salesperson, then you should refer the inquiry to the Chief Financial Officer or Investor Relations, as applicable. Responding to a request yourself may violate this Policy and, in some circumstances, the law. Please consult the Company's External Communications Policy for more details.

3.Definition of Material Nonpublic Information. ' Material information ' means information that a reasonable investor would be substantially likely to consider important in deciding whether to buy, hold or sell securities of the Company or view as significantly altering the total mix of information available in the marketplace about the Company as an issuer of the securities. In general, any information that could reasonably be expected to affect the market price of a security is likely to be material. Either positive or negative information may be material.

It is not possible to define all categories of 'material' information. However, some examples of information that could be regarded as material include, but are not limited to:

e.financial results, key metrics, financial condition, earnings pre-announcements, guidance, projections or forecasts, particularly if inconsistent with the Company's guidance or the expectations of the investment community;

f.restatements of financial results, or material impairments, write-offs or restructurings;

g.changes in independent auditors, or notification that the Company may no longer rely on an audit report;

h.business plans or budgets;

i.creation of significant financial obligations, or any significant default under or acceleration of any financial obligation;

j.impending bankruptcy or financial liquidity problems;

k.significant developments involving business relationships, including execution, modification or termination of significant agreements or orders with customers, suppliers, distributors, manufacturers or other business partners;

l.significant information relating to the operation of product or service, such as new products or services, major modifications or performance issues, defects or recalls, significant pricing changes or other announcements of a significant nature;

m.significant developments in research and development or relating to intellectual property;

n.significant legal or regulatory developments, whether positive or negative, actual or threatened, including litigation or resolving litigation;

o.major events involving the Company's securities, including calls of securities for redemption, adoption of stock repurchase programs, option repricings, stock splits, changes in dividend policies, public or private securities offerings, modification to the rights of security holders or notice of delisting;

p.significant corporate events, such as a pending or proposed merger, joint venture or tender offer, a significant investment, the acquisition or disposition of a significant business or asset or a change in control of the Company;

q.major personnel changes, such as changes in senior management or employee layoffs;

r.data breaches or other cybersecurity events;

s.updates regarding any prior material disclosure that has materially changed; and t.the existence of a special blackout period.

' Material nonpublic information ' means material information that is not generally known or made available to the public. Even if information is widely known throughout the Company, it may still be nonpublic. Generally, in order for information to be considered public, it must be made generally available through media outlets or SEC filings.

After the release of information, a reasonable period of time must elapse in order to provide the public an opportunity to absorb and evaluate the information provided. As a general rule, at least one full trading day must pass after the dissemination of information before such information is considered public.

As a rule of thumb, if you think something might be material nonpublic information, it probably is. You can always reach out to the Compliance Officer if you have questions.

## C.PERSONS COVERED BY THIS POLICY

This Policy applies to you if you are a director, officer, employee, consultant, contractor or advisor of the Company, both inside and outside of the United States. To the extent applicable to you, this Policy also covers your immediate family members, persons with whom you share a household, persons who are your economic dependents and any entity whose transactions in securities you influence, direct or control; provided, however, that the Policy shall not apply to any such entity that engages in the investment of securities in the ordinary course of its business ( e.g. , an investment fund or partnership) if such entity has established its own insider trading controls and procedures in compliance with applicable securities laws. You are responsible for making sure that these other individuals and entities comply with this Policy.

This Policy continues to apply even if you leave the Company or are otherwise no longer affiliated with or providing services to the Company, for as long as you remain in possession of material nonpublic information. In addition, if you are subject to a trading blackout under this Policy at the time you leave the Company, you must abide by the applicable trading restrictions until at least the end of the relevant blackout period.

## D.TRADING COVERED BY THIS POLICY

Except as discussed in Section H ( Exceptions to Trading Restrictions ), this Policy applies to all transactions involving the Company's securities or other companies' securities for which you possess

material nonpublic information obtained in connection with your service with the Company. This Policy therefore applies to:

4.any purchase, sale, loan or other transfer or disposition of any equity securities (including common stock, options, restricted stock units, warrants and preferred stock) and debt securities (including debentures, bonds and notes) of the Company and such other companies, whether direct or indirect (including transactions made on your behalf by money managers), and any offer to engage in the foregoing transactions;

5.any disposition in the form of a gift of any securities of the Company;

6.any distribution to holders of interests in an entity if the entity is subject to this Policy; and

7.any other arrangement that generates gains or losses from or based on changes in the prices of such securities including derivative securities (for example, exchange-traded put or call options, swaps, caps and collars), hedging and pledging transactions, short sales and certain arrangements regarding participation in benefit plans, and any offer to engage in the foregoing transactions.

There are no exceptions from insider trading laws or this Policy based on the size of the transaction or the type of consideration received.

## E.TRADING RESTRICTIONS

Subject to the exceptions set forth below, this Policy restricts trading during certain periods and by certain people as follows:

8.Quarterly Blackout Periods. Except as discussed in Section H ( Exceptions to Trading Restrictions ), all directors, officers and employees of the Company must refrain from conducting transactions involving the Company's securities during quarterly blackout periods. Individuals subject to quarterly blackout periods will be informed by the Compliance Officer that they are listed on the covered persons list maintained by the Compliance Officer (the ' Covered Persons List '). To the extent applicable to you, quarterly blackout periods also cover your immediate family members, persons with whom you share a household, persons who are your economic dependents, and any entity whose transactions in securities you influence, direct or control. Even if you are not specifically identified as being subject to quarterly blackout periods, you should exercise caution when engaging in transactions during quarterly blackout periods because of the heightened risk of insider trading exposure.

Quarterly blackout periods will start at the end of the fifteenth day of the third month of each fiscal quarter ( i.e. , March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15) and will end at the start of the second full trading day following the Company's earnings release.

The prohibition against trading during the blackout period also means that brokers cannot fulfill open orders on your behalf or on behalf of your immediate family members, persons with whom you share a household, persons who are your economic dependents, or any entity whose transactions in securities you influence, direct or control, during the blackout period, including 'limit orders' to buy or sell stock at a specific price or better and 'stop orders' to buy or sell stock once the price of the stock reaches a specified price. If you are subject to blackout periods or pre-clearance requirements, you should so inform any broker with whom such an open order is placed at the time it is placed.

From time to time, the Company may identify other persons who should be subject to quarterly blackout periods, and the Compliance Officer may update and revise the Covered Persons List as appropriate.

- 9.Special Blackout Periods. The Company always retains the right to impose additional or longer trading blackout periods at any time on any or all of its directors, officers, employees, consultants, contractors and advisors. The Compliance Officer will notify you in writing (or by e-mail) if you are subject to a special blackout period. If you are notified that you are subject to a special blackout period, you may not engage in any transaction involving the Company's securities until the special blackout period has ended other than the transactions that are covered by the exceptions below. You also may not disclose to anyone else that the Company has imposed a special blackout period. To the extent applicable to you, special blackout periods also cover your immediate family members, persons with whom you share a household, persons who are your economic dependents, and any entity whose transactions in securities you influence, direct or control.
- 10.Regulation BTR Blackouts. Directors and officers may also be subject to trading blackouts pursuant to Regulation Blackout Trading Restriction, or Regulation BTR, under U.S. federal securities laws. In general, Regulation BTR prohibits any director or officer from engaging in certain transactions involving Company securities during periods when 401(k) plan participants are prevented from purchasing, selling or otherwise acquiring or transferring an interest in certain securities held in individual account plans. Any profits realized from a transaction that violates Regulation BTR are recoverable by the Company, regardless of the intentions of the director or officer effecting the transaction. In addition, individuals who engage in such transactions are subject to sanction by the SEC as well as potential criminal liability. The Company will notify directors and officers if they are subject to a blackout trading restriction under Regulation BTR. Failure to comply with an applicable trading blackout in accordance with Regulation BTR is a violation of law and this Policy.

## F.PROHIBITED TRANSACTIONS

You may not engage in any of the following types of transactions other than as noted below, regardless of whether you have material nonpublic information or not.

- 11.Short Sales. You may not engage in short sales (meaning the sale of a security that must be borrowed to make delivery) or 'sell short against the box' (meaning the sale of a security with a delayed delivery) if such sales involve the Company's securities.
- 12.Derivative Securities and Hedging Transactions. You may not, directly or indirectly, (a) trade in publicly-traded options, such as puts and calls, and other derivative securities with respect to the Company's securities (other than stock options, restricted stock units and other compensatory awards issued to you by the Company) or (b) purchase financial instruments (including prepaid variable forward contracts, equity swaps, collars and exchange funds), or otherwise engage in transactions, that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease in the market value of Company equity securities either (i) granted to you by the Company as part of your compensation or (ii) held, directly or indirectly, by you.
- 13.Pledging Transactions. If you are required to comply with the blackout periods or pre-clearance requirements under this Policy, you may not pledge the Company's securities as collateral for any loan or as part of any other pledging transaction.
- 14.Margin Accounts. You may not hold the Company's common stock in margin accounts.

## G.PRE-CLEARANCE OF TRADES

The Company's directors, executive officers and certain employees identified on the Covered Persons List must obtain pre-clearance prior to trading the Company's securities. If you are subject to pre-clearance requirements, you must submit a pre-clearance request to the Compliance Officer at least two business days prior to your desired trade date. The pre-clearance request must be made on the form provided by the Compliance Officer. The person requesting pre-clearance will be asked to certify that he or she is not in possession of material nonpublic information about the Company. The Compliance Officer is under no obligation to approve a transaction submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the transaction.

If the Compliance Officer is the requester, then the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or their delegate must pre-clear or deny any trade. All trades must be executed within two business days of any pre-clearance.

Even after pre-clearance, a person may not trade the Company's securities if they become subject to a blackout period or aware of material nonpublic information prior to the trade being executed.

From time to time, the Company may identify other persons who should be subject to the pre-clearance requirements set forth above, and the Compliance Officer may update and revise the Covered Persons List as appropriate.

## H.EXCEPTIONS TO TRADING RESTRICTIONS

There are no unconditional 'safe harbors' for trades made at particular times, and all persons subject to this Policy should exercise good judgment at all times. Even when a quarterly blackout period is not in effect, you may be prohibited from engaging in transactions involving the Company's securities because you possess material nonpublic information, are subject to a special blackout period or are otherwise restricted under this Policy.

The following are certain limited exceptions to the quarterly and special blackout period restrictions and pre-clearance requirements imposed by the Company under this Policy:

15.Transactions made pursuant to a valid 10b5-1 trading plan approved by the Company. These plans allow for individuals to enter into a prearranged trading plan as long as the plan is not established or modified during a blackout period or when the individual is otherwise in possession of material nonpublic information.

16.Stock option exercises where the exercise price of such stock options is paid in cash and there is no other associated market activity.

17.Receipt and vesting of stock options, restricted stock units, restricted stock or other equity compensation awards from the Company.

18.Purchases pursuant to the employee stock purchase plan; however, this exception does not apply to subsequent sales of the shares.

19.Net share withholding with respect to equity awards where shares are withheld by the Company in order to satisfy tax withholding requirements, (x) as required by either the Company's Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) or the award agreement governing such equity award or (y) as you elect, if permitted by the Company, so long as the election is irrevocable and made

in writing at a time when a trading blackout is not in place and you are not in possession of material nonpublic information.

20.Sell-to-cover transactions where shares are sold on your behalf upon vesting of equity awards to satisfy tax withholding requirements. Persons included on the Covered Persons List will be deemed to have elected sell-to-cover transactions upon vesting of equity awards unless they make a prior irrevocable election otherwise for that calendar year, so long as such election is made in writing at a time when a trading blackout is not in place and you are not in possession of material nonpublic information.

- 21.Distributions to limited partners by limited partnerships subject to this Policy.
- 22.Purchases of the Company's stock in the 401(k) plan resulting from periodic contributions to the plan based on your payroll contribution election; provided, however, that the blackout period restrictions and pre-clearance requirements do apply to elections you make under the 401(k) plan to (a) increase or decrease the amount of your contributions under the 401(k) plan if such increase or decrease will increase or decrease the amount of your contributions that will be allocated to a Company stock fund, (b) increase or decrease the percentage of your contributions that will be allocated to a Company stock fund, (c) move balances into or out of a Company stock fund, (d) borrow money against your 401(k) plan account if the loan will result in liquidation of some or all of your Company stock fund balance, and (e) prepay a plan loan if the pre-payment will result in the allocation of loan proceeds to a Company stock fund.
- 23.Transfers by will or the laws of descent and distribution and, provided that prior written notice is provided to the Compliance Officer, distributions or transfers (such as certain tax planning or estate planning transfers) that effect only a change in the form of beneficial interest without changing your pecuniary interest in the Company's securities.

24.Changes in the number of the Company's securities you hold due to a stock split or a stock         dividend that applies equally to all securities of a class, or similar transactions.

Unless an exception is granted in writing by the Compliance Officer, the chairperson of the Audit Committee or the Company's Chief Executive Officer, certain persons identified on the Covered Persons List are not permitted to trade in the Company's securities outside of a valid 10b5-1 trading plan approved by the Company. In addition, the Company permits other employees to adopt written 10b5-1 trading plans in order to mitigate the risk of trading on material nonpublic information. To be approved by the Company and qualify for the exception to this Policy, any 10b5-1 trading plan adopted by a director, officer or employee must be submitted to the Compliance Officer for approval and comply with the requirements set forth in the Requirements for Trading Plans attached as Exhibit A. If the Compliance Officer is the requester, then the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, or their delegate, must approve the 10b5-1 trading plan.

If there is a Regulation BTR blackout (and no quarterly or special blackout period), then the limited exceptions set forth in Regulation BTR will apply.

Please be aware that even if a transaction is subject to an exception to this Policy, you will need to separately assess whether the transaction complies with applicable law. Any other Policy exceptions must be approved by the Compliance Officer, in consultation with the Company's Board of Directors or an independent committee of the Board of Directors.

## I.SECTION 16 COMPLIANCE

All of the Company's directors, executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required to comply with Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 and related rules and regulations which set forth reporting obligations, limitations on 'short swing' transactions, which are certain matching purchases and sales of the Company's securities within a six-month period, and limitations on short sales.

To ensure transactions subject to Section 16 requirements are reported on time, each person subject to these requirements must provide the Company with detailed information (for example, trade date, number of shares, exact price, etc. ) about his or her transactions involving the Company's securities.

The Company is available to assist in filing Section 16 reports, but the obligation to comply with Section 16 is personal. If you have any questions, you should check with the Compliance Officer.

## J.VIOLATIONS OF THIS POLICY

Company directors, officers, employees, consultants, contractors and advisors who violate this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action by the Company, including ineligibility for future Company equity or incentive programs or termination of employment or an ongoing relationship with the Company. The Company has full discretion to determine whether this Policy has been violated based on the information available.

There are also serious legal consequences for individuals who violate insider trading laws, including large criminal and civil fines, significant imprisonment terms and disgorgement of any profits gained or losses avoided. You may also be liable for improper securities trading by any person (commonly referred to as a 'tippee') to whom you have disclosed material nonpublic information that you have learned through your position at the Company or made recommendations or expressed opinions about securities trading on the basis of such information.

Please consult with your personal legal and financial advisors as needed. Note that the Company's legal counsel, both internal and external, represent the Company and not you personally. There may be instances where you suffer financial harm or other hardship or are otherwise required to forego a planned transaction because of the restrictions imposed by this Policy or under securities laws. If you were aware of the material nonpublic information at the time of the trade, it is not a defense that you did not 'use' the information for the trade. Personal financial emergency or other personal circumstances are not mitigating factors under securities laws and will not excuse your failure to comply with this Policy. In addition, a blackout or trading-restricted period will not extend the term of your options. As a consequence, you may be prevented from exercising your options by this Policy or as a result of a blackout or other restriction on your trading, and as a result your options may expire by their term. It is your responsibility to manage your economic interests and to consider potential trading restrictions when determining whether to exercise your options. In such instances, the Company cannot extend the term of your options and has no obligation or liability to replace the economic value or lost benefit to you.

## K.PROTECTED ACTIVITY NOT PROHIBITED

Nothing in this Policy, or any related guidelines or other documents or information provided in connection with this Policy, shall in any way limit or prohibit you from engaging in any of the protected activities set forth in the Company's Whistleblower Policy, as amended from time to time.

## L.REPORTING

If you believe someone is violating this Policy or otherwise using material nonpublic information that they learned through their position at the Company to trade securities, you should report it to the Compliance Officer, or if the Compliance Officer is implicated in your report, then you should report it in accordance with the Company's Whistleblower Policy.

## M.AMENDMENTS

The Company reserves the right to amend this Policy at any time, for any reason, subject to applicable laws, rules and regulations, and with or without notice, although it will attempt to provide notice in advance of any change. Unless otherwise permitted by this Policy, any amendments must be approved by the Board of Directors of the Company.

(Adopted on May 15, 2021; effective May 25, 2021; amended February 3, 2022, April 18, 2022 and February 13, 2023)

## EXHIBIT A

## REQUIREMENTS FOR TRADING PLANS

For transactions under a trading plan to be exempt from (A) the prohibitions in the Company's Insider Trading Policy (the ' Policy ') of Paymentus Holdings, Inc. (together with any subsidiaries, collectively the ' Company ') with respect to transactions made while aware of material nonpublic information and (B) the pre-clearance procedures and blackout periods established under the Policy, the trading plan must comply with the affirmative defense set forth in Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1 and must meet the following requirements:

- 1.The trading plan must be in writing and signed by the person adopting the trading plan.
- 2.The trading plan must be adopted at a time when:
- a.the person adopting the trading plan is not aware of any material nonpublic information; and
- b.there is no quarterly, special or other trading blackout in effect with respect to the person adopting the plan.
- 3.The trading plan must be entered in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1, and the person adopting the trading plan must act in good faith with respect to the trading plan.
- 4.The trading plan must include representations that, on the date of adoption of the trading plan, the person adopting the trading plan:
- •is not aware of material nonpublic information about the securities or the Company; and
- ·is adopting the trading plan in good faith and not as part of a plan or scheme to evade the prohibitions of Rule 10b5-1.
- 5.The person adopting the trading plan may not have entered into or altered a corresponding or hedging transaction or position with respect to the securities subject to the trading plan and must agree not to enter into any such transaction while the trading plan is in effect.
- 6.The first trade under the trading plan for directors and officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) may not occur until after the expiration of a cooling-off period consisting of the later of (a) 90 calendar days after the adoption of the trading plan and (b) two business days after the filing by the Company of its financial results in a Form 10-Q or Form 10-K for the completed fiscal quarter in which the trading plan was adopted (but, in any event, this required cooling-off period is subject to a maximum of 120 days after adoption of the trading plan). The first trade under the trading plan for all other persons may not occur until after 30 calendar days after adoption of the trading plan.
- 7.The trading plan must have a minimum term of one year (starting from the date of adoption of the trading plan).
- 8.All transactions during the term of the trading plan (except for the ' Exceptions to Trading Restrictions ' identified in the Policy and bona fide gifts) must be conducted through the trading

plan. In addition, the person adopting the trading plan may not have an outstanding trading plan (and may not subsequently enter into any additional trading plan) except as permitted by Rule 10b5-1.

- 9.Any modification or change to the amount, price or timing of transactions under the trading plan is deemed the termination of the trading plan, and the adoption of a new trading plan (' Modification '). Therefore, a Modification is subject to the same conditions as a new trading plan as set forth in Sections 1 through 8 herein.

10.Within the one year preceding the adoption or a Modification of a trading plan, a person may not have otherwise adopted or done a Modification to a plan more than once.

- 11.A person may adopt a trading plan designed to cover a single trade only once in any consecutive 12-month period except as permitted by Rule 10b5-1.
- 12.If the person that adopted the trading plan terminates the plan prior to its stated duration, he or she may not trade in the Company's securities until after the expiration of 30 calendar days following termination, and then only in accordance with the Policy.
- 13.The Company must be promptly notified of any Modification or termination of the trading plan, including any suspension of trading under the trading plan.
- 14.The Company must have authority to require the suspension or cancellation of the trading plan         at any time.
- 15.If the trading plan grants discretion to a stockbroker or other person with respect to the         execution of trades under the trading plan:

a.trades made under the trading plan must be executed by someone other than the stockbroker or other person that executes trades in other securities for the person adopting the trading plan;

b.the person adopting the trading plan may not confer with the person administering the trading plan regarding the Company or its securities; and

- c.the person administering the trading plan must provide prompt notice to the Company of the execution of a transaction pursuant to the plan.
- 16.All transactions under the trading plan must be in accordance with applicable law.
- 17.The trading plan (including any Modification) must meet such other requirements as the Compliance Officer may determine.

18.Any trading plans adopted or modified prior to February 27, 2023 (the ' Effective Date ') are permitted to continue in place until all trades are executed thereunder or they expire by their terms (' Grandfathered Plans '). If the person undertakes a Modification of a Grandfathered Plan on or after the Effective Date, then the Modification must meet all of the requirements set forth herein.

Name

Paymentus Group, Inc. (1)

Paymentus Acquisition Corp. (2)

Paymentus (Canada) Corporation (3)

Paymentus Corporation (2)

Paymentus Financial, LLC (4)

Paxcom India Private Limited (2)

PayVeris, LLC (2)

PROFIT Financial, Inc. (2)

Fiport Software India Pvt Ltd (5)

- (1)Wholly owned by Paymentus Holdings, Inc.
- (2)Wholly owned by Paymentus Group, Inc.
- (3)Wholly owned by Paymentus Acquisition Corp.

(4)Wholly owned by Paymentus Corporation.

(5)Wholly owned by PayVeris, LLC

## SUBSIDIARIES OF PAYMENTUS HOLDINGS, INC.

## Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization

Delaware

Delaware

Nova Scotia, Canada

Delaware

Delaware

India

Delaware

Delaware

India

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-256505 and 333-263274) of Paymentus Holdings, Inc. of our report dated March 3, 2023, relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K.

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Charlotte, North Carolina March 3, 2023

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

- I, Dushyant Sharma, certify that:
- 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paymentus Holdings, Inc.;
- 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
- 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
- 4.The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- (a)       Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- (b)         Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- (c)         Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- (d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

- (a)         All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- (b)         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 3, 2023

By: /s/ Dushyant Sharma

Dushyant Sharma Chairman, President and, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

- I, Paul Seamon, certify that:
- 1.I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paymentus Holdings, Inc.;
- 2.Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
- 3.Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
- 4.The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- (a)        Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- (b)        Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- (c)        Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- (d)        Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
- 5.The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- (a)         All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- (b)         Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 3, 2023

By:

/s/  Paul Seamon

Paul Seamon Interim Chief Financial Officer

## CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

(Principal Financial Officer)

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paymentus Holdings, Inc. (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 3, 2023

By: /s/ Dushyant Sharma

Dushyant Sharma Chairman, President and, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This written statement shall not be deemed filed by Paymentus Holdings, Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), or otherwise subject to liability under that section, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Paymentus Holdings, Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference.

## CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Paymentus Holdings, Inc. (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 1350, as adopted pursuant to § 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and
- (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 3, 2023

By: /s/ Paul Seamon

Paul Seamon Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and will be retained by Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. This written statement shall not be deemed filed by Paymentus Holdings, Inc. for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), or otherwise subject to liability under that section, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Paymentus Holdings, Inc. specifically incorporates it by reference.

## 12 Months Ended Document and Entity Information - USD ($) $ / shares in Units, $ in Millions Dec. 31, 2022 Feb. 28, 2023 Jun. 30, 2022

Document Information [Line

Items]

Document Type

10-K

Amendment Flag

false

Document Period End Date

Dec. 31, 2022

Document Fiscal Year Focus

2022

Document Fiscal Period Focus FY

Current Fiscal Year End Date

--12-31

Document Annual Report

true

Document Transition Report

false

Entity Registrant Name

Paymentus Holdings, Inc.

Entity Central Index Key

0001841156

Entity File Number

001-40429

Entity Tax Identification

Number

45-3188251

Entity Incorporation, State or

Country Code

DE

Entity Address, Address Line

One

11605 N

Entity Address Address Line2

Community House Road, Suite 300

Entity Address, City or Town

Charlotte

Entity Address, State or

Province

NC

Entity Address, Postal Zip

Code

28277

City Area Code

888

Local Phone Number

440-4826

Title of 12(b) Security

Class A Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share

Trading Symbol

PAY

Security Exchange Name

NYSE

Entity Well-known Seasoned

Issuer

No

Entity Voluntary Filers

No

Entity Current Reporting

Status

Yes

Entity Interactive Data Current Yes

Entity Filer Category

Accelerated Filer

Entity Small Business

false

Entity Emerging Growth

Company

true

| Entity Ex Transition Period  false  ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag false  Entity Shell Company  false  Documents Incorporated by  Reference  Portions of the Registrant's Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after the Registrant's fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein.  Share Price  $ 13.37  Entity Public Float  $  211.0  Auditor Name  PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP  Auditor Firm ID  238  Auditor Location  Charlotte, North Carolina  Common Class A [Member]  Document Information [Line  Items]  Entity Common Stock Shares  Outstanding  19,987,016  Common Class B [Member]  Document Information [Line  Items]  Entity Common Stock Shares  Outstanding  103,306,842   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Balance Sheets - USD ($) Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

$ in Thousands 2022 2021 Current assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 147,334 $ 168,386 Restricted Cash And Cash Equivalents 2,351 0 Restricted funds for financial institutions 0 33,443 Accounts and other receivables, net of allowance of $563 and $102 67,789 43,935 Income tax receivable 1,493 2,488 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 9,994 8,184 Total current assets 228,961256,436 Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $5,744 and $4,791 1,823 2,044 Capitalized internal-use software development costs, net 46,032 30,888 Intangible assets, net 36,017 42,088 Goodwill 131,851129,413 Operating lease right-of-use assets 9,561 7,703 Deferred tax asset 116 163 Other long-term assets 7,178 4,207 Total assets 461,539472,942 Current liabilities Accounts payable 29,232 24,748 Accrued liabilities 15,809 12,491 Financial institution funds- in transit 0 33,443 Operating lease liabilities 1,462 1,456 Contract liabilities 4,358 2,173 Income tax payable 635 122 Total current liabilities 51,496 74,433 Deferred tax liability 680 3,318 Operating leases, net of current portion 8,608 6,463 Contract liabilities, net of current portion 2,826 1,713 Finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion 750 883 Total liabilities 64,360 86,810 Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Stockholders' equity Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 5,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 0 0 Additional paid-in capital 367,767356,017 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income (22) 168 Retained earnings 29,422 29,935 Total stockholders' equity 397,179386,132 Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 461,539472,942

Class A Common Stock [Member]

Stockholders' equity

Common stock, value

Class B Common Stock [Member]

Stockholders' equity

Common stock, value $ 10 $ 11

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

2

1

## Consolidated Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

| Allowance for accounts and other receivables  $ 370  $ 102  Accumulated depreciation and amortization for property and equipment $ 5,744  $ 4,791  Preferred stock, par value  $ 0.0001  $ 0.0001  Preferred stock, shares authorized  5,000,000  5,000,000  Preferred stock, shares issued  0  0  Preferred stock, shares outstanding  0  0  Series A Preferred Stock [Member]  Preferred stock, shares issued  0  Preferred stock, shares outstanding  0  Class A Common Stock [Member]  Common stock, par value  $ 0.0001  $ 0.0001  Common stock, shares authorized  883,950,000  883,950,000  Common stock, shares issued  19,934,331  17,251,079  Common stock, shares outstanding  19,934,331  17,251,079  Class B Common Stock [Member]  Common stock, par value  $ 0.0001  $ 0.0001  Common stock, shares authorized  111,050,000  111,050,000  Common stock, shares issued  103,306,842  103,388,082  Common stock, shares outstanding  103,306,842  103,388,082   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Consolidated Statements of  Operations - USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31,  2022  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Income Statement [Abstract]  Revenue  $ 497,001  $ 395,524  $ 301,767  Cost of revenue  347,323  274,144  209,140  Gross profit  149,678  121,380  92,627  Operating expenses  Research and development  41,220  34,122  24,510  Sales and marketing  73,295  43,917  31,842  General and administrative  38,139  32,968  17,847  Total operating expenses  152,654  111,007  74,199  (Loss) income from operations  (2,976)  10,373  18,428  Other income (loss)  Interest income (expense), net  1,663  (6)  52  Foreign exchange gain (loss)  5  (1)  (116)  (Loss) income before income taxes  (1,308)  10,366  18,364  Benefit from (provision for) income taxes  795  (1,066)  (4,653)  Net (loss) income  (513)  9,300  13,711  Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock  0  (2,258)  (5,186)  Net (loss) income attributable to common stock  $ (513)  $ 7,042  $ 8,525  Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock  Basic  $ 0  $ 0.06  $ 0.08  Diluted  $ 0  $ 0.06  $ 0.08  Weighted-average number of shares used to compute net (loss) income  per share attributable to common stock  Basic  122,099,437112,763,261103,479,239  Diluted  122,099,437118,821,925106,207,883   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## 12 Months Ended Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]  Net (loss) income  $ (513)  $ 9,300  $ 13,711  Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax  Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax (190)  (48)  67  Comprehensive (loss) income  $ (703)  $ 9,252  $ 13,778   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - USD ($) $ in Thousands Total IPO [Member] Series A Preferred Stock [Member] Series A Preferred Stock [Member] IPO [Member] Common Class A [Member] Common Class A [Member] IPO [Member] Common Shares [Member] Common Shares [Member] IPO [Member] Common Shares [Member] Common Class A [Member] Common Shares [Member] Common Class A [Member] IPO [Member] Common Shares [Member] Common Class B [Member] IPO [Member] Additional Paid-InCapital Additional Paid-InCapital IPO [Member] Additional Paid-InCapital Common Class A [Member] Additional Paid-InCapital Common Class A [Member] IPO [Member] Treasury Stock Treasury Stock IPO [Member] Retained Earnings Retained Earnings IPO [Member] Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income

Beginning balance at Dec. 31,

2019

Beginning balance (in shares)

at Dec. 31, 2019

Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive income

(Loss)

Net income

Ending balance at Dec. 31,

2020

Ending balance (in shares) at

Dec. 31, 2020

Issuance of shares

Issuance of shares (in shares)

Issuance of Class A common stock for stock-based awards,

Shares

Conversion of common stock to Class B common stock

Redemption of Series A

preferred stock in connection with initial public offering ,

Value

Redemption of Series A

preferred stock in connection with initial public offering ,

Share

Issuance of warrant

Retirement of treasury stock in connection with initial public

offering

Stock-based compensation

Repayment of related party loan receivable

Other comprehensive income

(Loss)

Net income

Ending balance at Dec. 31,

2021

Ending balance (in shares) at

Dec. 31, 2021

Issuance of Class A common stock for stock-based awards,

Shares

Issuance of Class A common stock for stock-based awards,

value

Change in estimate of warrants expected to vest

Issuance of warrant

Stock-based compensation

Other comprehensive income

(Loss)

Net income

Ending balance at Dec. 31,

2022

Ending balance (in shares) at

Dec. 31, 2022

$

68,604

1,994

67

13,711

84,376

3,136

813

(48)

9,300

386,132

1,490

46

3,478

6,736

(190)

(513)

$

397,179

$ 517

103,479,239

$ 517

103,479,239

$ 12

120,639,161

$ 12

123,241,173

$ 27,181

1,994

29,175

3,136

813

356,017

46

3,478

6,736

$ 367,767

$ (579)

$ (579)

$ 41,336

13,711

55,047

9,300

29,935

(513)

$ 29,422

$ 149

67

216

(48)

168

(190)

$ (22)

$ 272,634

(57,425)

$ 4,802

23,013

23,013

(23,013)

$ 68,229

$ 315

$ 1

13,880,9502,655,252

$ (506)

2,602,012

<!-- image -->

616,220

7,500

$ 272,633

506

(23,013)

4,802

$ (579)

$ 68,229

$ 1,490

$ 315

$ 579

$ (34,412)

| 12 Months Ended  Consolidated Statements of  Cash Flows - USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31,  2022  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Cash flows from operating activities  Net (loss) income  $ (513)  $ 9,300  $ 13,711  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating  activities  Depreciation and amortization  24,063  13,295  8,069  Deferred income taxes  (2,981)  (660)  1,638  Stock-based compensation  6,736  3,136  1,994  Non-cash lease expense  2,135  2,497  2,802  Amortization of contract asset  2,058  669  0  Provision for credit losses  268  106  100  Change in operating assets and liabilities  Accounts and other receivables  (24,287)  (14,736)  (8,689)  Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets  1,211  1,346  840  Accounts payable  4,766  7,380  14,636  Accrued liabilities  3,400  (44)  2,759  Operating lease liabilities  (1,832)  (2,443)  (2,641)  Contract liabilities  3,299  474  184  Income taxes receivable, net of payable  1,544  (827)  217  Net cash provided by operating activities  19,867  19,493  35,620  Cash flows from investing activities  Business combinations, net of cash and restricted cash acquired  (3,260)  (57,400)  290  Other intangible assets acquired  (280)  (130)  0  Purchases of property and equipment  (1,257)  (979)  (458)  Capitalized internal-use software development costs  (29,763)  (19,300)  (14,389)  Net cash used in investing activities  (34,560)  (77,809)  (15,137)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter's discounts and  commissions  0  224,595  0  Proceeds from private placement  0  50,000  0  Proceeds from repayment of related party loan  0  813  0  Proceeds from exercise of stock-based awards  1,490  315  0  Financial institution funds in-transit  (33,443)  1,984  0  Payments of deferred offering costs  0  (1,961)  0  Payments on other financing obligations  (5,062)  (4,562)  (1,035)  Payments on finance leases  (268)  (272)  (323)  Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities  (37,283)  213,487  (1,358)  Foreign currency effect on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (168)  (8)  114  Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash  (52,144)  155,163  19,239  Cash and cash equivalents  Beginning of period  201,829  46,666  27,427  End of period  149,685  201,829  46,666   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:  Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds  672  2,487  2,891  Non-cash investing activities:  Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable  81  268  7  Business acquisition liability in accrued liabilities and finance leases and other  finance obligations, net of current portion  740  813  0  Non-cash financing activities:  Prepaid insurance funded through short-term borrowings  4,625  5,756  1,389  Issuance of warrant and change in estimate of warrants expected to vest  3,524  4,802  0  Property and equipment acquired through finance lease liabilities  0  0  814  Intangibles acquired through other financing obligations  0  0  55  Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member]  Cash and cash equivalents  Beginning of period  168,386  46,666  End of period  147,334  168,386  46,666  Restricted Cash [Member]  Cash and cash equivalents  Beginning of period  0  0  End of period  2,351  0  0  Restricted Funds Held For Financial Institutions [Member]  Cash and cash equivalents  Beginning of period  33,443  0  End of period  0  33,443  0  Series A Preferred Stock [Member]  Cash flows from financing activities  Redemption of Series A preferred stock  0  (23,013)  0  Payment of dividends on Series A preferred stock  $ 0  $  (34,412)  $ 0  Class A Common Stock [Member]  Non-cash investing activities:  Fair value of Class A common stock issued for acquisitions  0  66,229  0   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Organization and Description of Business

## Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]

Organization and Description of Business

12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 1. Organization and Description of Business

## Description of Business

Paymentus Holdings, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ('Paymentus' or 'the Company') provides electronic bill presentment and payment services, enterprise customer communication and self-service revenue management to billers and financial institutions through a Software-as-a-Service, ('SaaS'), secure, omni-channel technology platform. The platform seamlessly integrates into a biller's core financial and operating systems to provide flexible and secure access to payment processing of credit cards, debit cards, eChecks and digital wallets across a significant number of channels including online, mobile, IVR, call center, chatbot and voice-based assistants. Paymentus was incorporated in the state of Delaware on September 2, 2011 with office locations in Charlotte, North Carolina, Richmond Hill, Ontario (Canada), and Delhi, Bangalore and Gurugram (India). In September 2022, the Company's headquarters were moved from Redmond, Washington to Charlotte, North Carolina. Paymentus continues to evaluate reestablishing its headquarters in or around the Seattle, Washington area in 2023.

## Initial Public Offering and Private Placement

In May 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering ('IPO'), in which the Company issued and sold 11,500,000 shares of its Class A common stock at $21.00 per share, including 1,500,000 shares issued upon the exercise of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares. The Company received net proceeds of $224.6 million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $16.9 million. The Company incurred direct offering expenses of $2.0 million.

In connection with the IPO:

· all 103,479,239 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock automatically converted into an equivalent number of shares of Class B common stock on a one-to-one basis; and

· entities affiliated with Accel-KKR purchased 2,380,950 shares of the Company's Class A common stock at $21.00 per share in a concurrent private placement that closed immediately subsequent to the closing of the IPO. The Company received aggregate proceeds of $50.0 million in this concurrent private placement and did not pay underwriting discounts or commissions with respect to the shares of Class A common stock that were sold in the private placement.

## Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Accounting Policies [Abstract]

Basis of Presentation and

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## 2.        Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting p accepted in the United States ('GAAP').

## Stock Split

On May 10, 2021, the Company effected a 5-for-1 forward stock split of its common stock. In connection with the forward sto outstanding share of common stock, automatically and without action on the part of the holders, became five shares of common sto share of common stock was not adjusted. All share, per share and related information presented in the consolidated financial state accompanying notes have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the impact of the stock split.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercomp balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

## Segment Information

Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and ev chief operating decision maker ('CODM') in deciding how to make operating decisions, allocate resources and assess performance three operating segments based on geography. The United States segment represents the vast majority of the Company's consolid profit. The additional two operating segments, Canada and India, do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate reporting, either individu None of the operating segments qualified for aggregation. The Company's CODM is its chief executive officer. The CODM evaluate Company's operating segments based on revenue and gross profit. The Company does not analyze discrete segment balance she long-term assets. All other financial information is presented on a consolidated basis. For information regarding the Company's long revenue by geographic area, see Note 14.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include revenue recognitio credit losses, the lives of tangible and intangible assets, the valuation of acquired intangible assets and the recoverability or impair including goodwill, internal-use software development costs, valuation of stock warrants issued, stock-based compensation, and ac taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and also on assumptions that management considers reasonable. assesses these estimates on a regular basis; however, actual results could differ from these estimates.

## Foreign Currency

The reporting currency of the Company is the United States Dollar. The Company's foreign subsidiaries use the local currenc countries as their functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Reve translated at average exchange rates during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. The effe translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or ('AOCI') as a component of stockholder periodic movements are summarized as a line item in the consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income. Gains and loss remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into the functional currency are recognized as foreign exchange gain (loss) in the c of operations.

## Revenue Recognition

The Company generates revenue primarily from payment transaction fees processed through the Company's platform. The f percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction. For biller transactions the actual fees are dependent on payment or industry vertical. The payment transaction fees are received directly (i) from billers, who absorb the cost, or from customers in the convenience-type fee, or (ii) from financial institutions. Transaction fees are collected for each completed transaction processed thr Company also earns other revenue, which primarily consists of maintenance revenue and subscription revenue. Other revenue repr 1.3%, 1.2% and 1.4% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Contract Assets

Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from arrangements whereby complete satisfaction of a performa right to payment are conditioned on completing additional tasks or services. In addition, the Company has recorded contract assets warrant agreements with an affiliate of a customer. Following the guidance in ASC 606, the Company accounts for consideration pa warrants to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price and therefore, of revenue. The Company has estimated the transactio revenue for this customer inclusive of the estimated value of the warrants earned and expected to be earned over the term of the co

## Contract Liabilities

Contract liabilities relate to fees billed in advance of services provided. The terms of the contract normally require the custom monthly fee for hosting and maintenance, plus a nonrefundable up-front fee for set-up, integration services, and data conversion at

non-refundable up-front fees are typically billed in advance of services provided and are recorded as contract liability in the consolid These fees are amortized ratably over the term of the agreement and recognized as revenue. The fixed monthly fee is for a promise maintenance. These services are provided over the same period and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer as the pay services. They are both stand-ready obligations satisfied ratably over the contractual period, and assessed as a single performance they are recognized in the same manner as the variable consideration.

## Assets Recognized From the Costs to Obtain a Contract With a Customer

The Company capitalizes certain costs to obtain contracts with customers, including employee sales commissions, when the new sales and is therefore considered an incremental cost of obtaining a customer. At contract inception, the Company capitalizes the Company expects to recover and that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Capitalized costs to o million are included in prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Some of the C compensation paid to the sales force is earned based on the margins earned from the contract over the contract term and is conting employment with the Company by the salesperson. Sales commissions tied to key operating metrics other than new sales, are not c costs of obtaining a customer and are expensed in the same period as they are earned, rather than being capitalized. The Compan expense within sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

Amortization of capitalized commissions to obtain customer contracts is included in sales and marketing expense in the con operations. The Company utilizes a straight-line method as it best depicts the pattern of transfer of the goods or services to the cust amortizes these assets over the expected period of benefit, which is typically three to five years. The Company evaluates contract c comparing, on a pooled basis, the expected future net cash flows from underlying customer relationships to the carrying amount of t costs

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue consists primarily of interchange and assessment fees, processing fees and bank settlement fees paid to thi processors and financial institutions, and personnel-related costs associated with the Company's customer support teams, includin bonuses. Cost of revenue also includes an allocation of hosting and datacenter costs for the Company's infrastructure and platform telecommunication expenses used by sales and customer support teams, a portion of amortization of capitalized internal-use softw and a portion of amortization of intangible assets acquired through acquisition.

## Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred, unless they qualify as internal-use software development costs. development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses associated with the Company's research and development benefits, stock-based compensation and bonuses.

## Advertising Costs

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statement costs were $2.0 million, $1.5 million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Self-Insurance

The Company is self-insured for a significant portion of its employee medical exposures. Liabilities for self-insured exposures are ac value of amounts expected to be paid based on historical claims experience and actuarial data for forecasted settlements of claims not yet reported claims. Accruals for self-insured exposures are included in current and noncurrent liabilities based on the expected

Excess liability insurance has been purchased to limit the amount of self-insured risk on claims.

## Income Taxes

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is req provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting tax laws.

The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operation liability method. Under this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax conseque differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for l carryforwards. The deferred assets and liabilities are measured using the statutorily enacted tax rates anticipated to be in effect wh liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognize includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is established if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the de be realized. The Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expect associated with estimates of future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.

The Company's tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Compan benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the position will be sustainable upon examination by the taxing au resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. This evaluation is based on all available evidence and assumes that the ta knowledge of all relevant information concerning the tax position. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of likely than not (greater than 50% likely) to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes i penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company makes adjustments to these reserves in accor tax guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the exte outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the p determination is made and could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and operating results.

## Stock-based Compensation

The Company measures and recognizes stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based awards, including grants of ("RSUs") and options to purchase stocks granted to employees, outside directors and consultants based on the estimated fair value grant date of the award. The Company estimates the grant date fair value for options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. the grant-date fair value using an option-pricing model is affected by the fair value of the Company's common stock as well as assu number of other complex and subjective variables. These variables include expected stock price volatility over the expected term of projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award, and expected divi an RSU is measured using the market price of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. Compensation cost is re straight-line basis over the employee requisite service period, which is the stated vesting period of the award, provided that total co recognized at least equals the pro rata value of the awards that have vested. Forfeitures are accounted for in the period in which th compensation expense is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations based on the recipient grant

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities of three months or less when purch equivalents, which are composed of primarily bank deposits and government issued securities.

## Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

Restricted cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits required by certain counterparties to merchant counterparty proces required reserves under certain health insurance policies.  Deposit balances are required through the term of the agreement and for the termination of the merchant counterparty processing agreements.

## Custodial Accounts

The Company has established a relationship with its merchant processors to act as collection and paying agents, whereby a receives funds from customers and forwards such funds to the respective Paymentus client, based on the instructions received fro merchant processors act as custodians of the cash received and the Company has no legal ownership rights to the funds held in su and does not control the use of these funds. As the Company does not take ownership of the funds, these custodial accounts are n Company's consolidated balance sheets. The balance of cash in the custodial accounts held by these merchant processors was $3 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Part of the increase in custodial accounts at December 31, of funds from Restricted Funds to the Custodial accounts, which is discussed in the below paragraph.  Other increases were related funds were received and subsequently transferred out.

## Restricted Funds Held for Financial Institutions and Financial Institution Funds In-Transit

Restricted funds held for financial institutions and the corresponding liability of financial institution funds in-transit represent t arising between the amounts the Company's sponsor bank receives from the sending financial institutions and the amounts disburs financial institutions. The restricted funds held for financial institutions account is a transaction account maintained at the Company' clearing payments from financial institutions (as defined by the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network) to other fina Restricted funds held for financial institutions represent restricted cash that, based upon the Company's intent, are restricted solely f corresponding obligations to send funds to the various financial institutions. During the fourth quarter 2022, the Company entered in financial institution whereby the financial institution would take over the legal ownership of these funds and operate as the custodial these funds were moved to custodial accounts, the Company no longer had legal ownership or control over these funds, as such th has Restricted Funds held for Financial Institutions and Financial Institution Funds In-Transit on the consolidated balance sheet as

## Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk primarily consist of cash, cash equivalents, and acco Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions with investment-grade ratings. For accounts Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by customers to the extent of the amounts recorded in the consolidat customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue for either of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. One custome than 10% of accounts receivable for both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and no customer accounted for more than 10% of account

## Fair Value Measurements

The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservabl possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liabilit advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierar between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels:

· Level 1 inputs - unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity date;

· Level 2 inputs - other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directl substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

· Level 3 inputs - unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date.

The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for accounts receivable, and accounts payable approxima values due to the short maturities of those instruments.

## Accounts and Other Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses

Accounts receivable are recorded at invoiced amounts and do not bear interest. The Company will evaluate its accounts rec determine if an allowance for credit losses is necessary. The development of the allowance for credit losses is based on an expecte considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and a review of past due amounts, historical write-off and reco due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability and all other balances are review Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for rec

remote. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet exposure related to its customers. Other receivables included $3.0 milli rebates related to interchange fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows (in thousands):

| Al  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  Charge-offs  Recoveries  Provision for credit losses  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  Charge-offs  Recoveries  Provision for credit losses  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deferred Offering Costs

Deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees, relating to the Company's IPO, were in included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Upon consummation of the IPO in May reclassified $2.0 million of deferred offering costs to additional paid-in capital offsetting the IPO proceeds.

## Internal-use Software Development Costs

The Company capitalizes qualifying internal-use software development costs related to its platform . The costs consist of pers related benefits) that are incurred during the application development stage, as well as implementation costs incurred to fulfill our co as they (1) relate directly to the contract, (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the performance obligati and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenues generated under the contract. Capitalization of costs begins when two criter preliminary project stage is completed, and (2) it is probable that the software will be completed and used for its intended function. when the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, including the completion of all significant testing. Costs r project activities and post implementation operating activities are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31, 202 Company capitalized $29.8 million, $19.3 million and $14.4 million in software development costs, respectively.

Capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, which management estimated to be a range of are recorded on a straight-line basis, which represents the manner in which the expected benefit will be derived. Amortization expe revenue and operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations aligned with the internal organizations that are the pri such assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded $8.8 million, $4.9 million and $3. expense in cost of revenue, and $5.9 million, $4.5 million and $3.0 million of amortization expense in operating expenses, respectiv

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed usin method over the estimated useful life of the related asset as follows:

Computer equipment.................................................................. 3 years

Furniture and fixtures ................................................................. 5 years

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of estimated useful life or the remaining lease term. Expenses that i extend its remaining useful life are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of, and the related accumulated removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in other income (loss) in the consolidated statements of opera maintenance or repairs that do not extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed as incurred.

## Business Combination

The purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed based on their the acquisition dates. The excess of total consideration over the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is rec During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to th liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded in the consolidated operations.

## Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Including Goodwill and Intangible Assets)

Long-lived assets with finite lives include property and equipment, capitalized internal-use software development costs, and assets. The Company evaluates long-lived assets, including intangible assets and capitalized internal-use software development co whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows e by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds these estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group.

Goodwill is not amortized but rather tested at the reporting unit level for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, or or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has three reporting units. Goodwill impairment i quantitative assessment results in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value, in which case an impairment char goodwill to the extent the carrying value exceeds the fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill. See Note 6 for more information r value of goodwill by reporting unit.

When reviewing goodwill for impairment, the Company performs a qualitative assessment which considers the following circ others:

· Changes in general macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on acces developments in equity and credit markets;

· Changes in industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which the

Company operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in bot relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity's products or services; or a regulatory or political development;

· Changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; and

· Decline in overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance).

The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of November 30, 2022 using a qualitative assessment. The recognize any impairment of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

## Leases

The Company classifies leases as either operating or financing at inception and as necessary at modification. Leased assets Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments a The Company does not obtain and control its right to use the identified asset until the lease commencement date.

Although it may have a right and an obligation to exchange lease payments for a leased asset from the date of inception, the have an obligation to make lease payments before the asset is made available for use; therefore, lease classification, recognition, a determined at the lease commencement date.

The Company made accounting policy elections, including a short-term lease exception policy, permitting the Company to no requirements of this standard to short-term leases (i.e., leases with expected terms of 12 months or less), and an accounting policy certain non-lease components as a single component for certain classes of assets other than computer equipment leases. For com the Company has agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. For these agreements, le allocated between the lease and non-lease components based on the relative stand-alone price of these components.

The Company has leases for office facilities, computer equipment, and data centers. The Company's leases have remaining less than one year to approximately five years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 4 years, and some of w terminate the leases.

Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, and operating lease liabilities on the Company's consolidated Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Co incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease paym basis over a similar term and in a similar economic environment. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any initial direct cost prior to lease commencement, and lease incentives received. The Company's lease terms are the noncancelable period including a provided by the lessor and may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise tha inception, and upon modification or remeasurement, the Company estimates the lease term based on its assessment of extension a that are reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease cost for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease ter

Leased property under finance leases are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included withi finance lease and other finance obligations, net of current portion on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Property and equ leases is generally amortized over the lease term and is included in general and administrative expenses. The interest on the financ included in interest income, net.

Judgment is required when determining whether any of the Company's data center contracts contain a lease. The Company when the asset is specifically identifiable, substantially all the economic benefit of the asset is obtained, and the right to direct the us during the term of the lease.

## Treasury Stock

The Company accounts for treasury stock acquisitions using the cost method. The Company accounts for the retirement of tr deducting its par value from common stock or Series A preferred stock and reflecting any excess of cost over par value as a deducti paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets.

## Accounting Pronouncements

The Company is provided the option to adopt new or revised accounting guidance as an 'emerging growth company' under t Business Startups Act of 2012 either (1) within the same periods as those otherwise applicable to public business entities, or (2) wit periods as non-public business entities, including early adoption when permissible. With the exception of standards the Company el when permissible, the Company has elected to adopt new or revised accounting guidance within the same time period as non-publi indicated below.

## Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted

In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2019 ('Topic 740'): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which simplifies the accounting for income taxes by eliminating some ex approach in ASC 740, Income Taxes in order to reduce cost and complexity of its application. The guidance is effective for financial fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Co adopt this standard on January 1, 2021. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial state

## Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contracts with Customers" ("ASU 2021-08") . ASU 2021-08 will require companies to apply the definition of a performance obligatio Revenue from contracts with customers ('Topic 606') to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities relating to co that are acquired in a business combination. Under current U.S. GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilit business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers, at fair value o ASU 2021-08 will result in the acquirer recording acquired contract assets and liabilities on the same basis that would have been re before the acquisition under ASU Topic 606. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements but does not believe it will have

## Revenue

## Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]

Revenue, Performance Obligations and Contract Balances

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 3.        Revenue, Performance Obligations and Contract Balances

Pursuant to ASC 606, the Company evaluates the services promised in contracts with customers at contract inception, and i obligation for each promise to transfer a service that is distinct. For the payment transaction services, the promise to the customer i stands ready to process payment transactions the customer requests on a daily basis over the contract term. Since the timing and q to be processed by Paymentus is not determinable, the Company views payment services to comprise an obligation to stand ready transactions as the customer requests. Under a stand-ready obligation, the evaluation of the nature of a performance obligation is f increment rather than the underlying activities. Therefore, the Company views payment services to comprise a series of distinct day substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer. Accordingly, the promise to stand ready is accounted performance obligation.

ASC 606 requires that the Company determines for each customer arrangement whether revenue should be recognized at a time. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are recognized over time. The majority of the payment transaction services are pr transaction value or a specified fee per transaction. Given the nature of the promise based on unknown quantities or outcomes of s over the contract term, the total consideration is determined to be variable consideration. The variable consideration for the Compa usage-based and, therefore, it specifically relates to the Company's efforts to satisfy its payment services obligation. The variability i service is provided to the customer. The Company directly assigns variable fees to the distinct day of service to which it relates, by performed each day. Therefore, Paymentus measures revenue for its payment service on a daily basis based on the services that a day and recognizes revenue once the transaction is complete.

The initial term of customer contracts is typically between three to five years. Termination provisions vary by customer, howe customers may not terminate their contract early without penalty. Some of the contracts include tiered pricing, based primarily on vo per transaction is adjusted up or down if the volume processed for a specified period is different from prior period defined volumes. concluded that this volume-based pricing approach does not constitute a future material right since the discount is within a range ty of customers with similar volume. In addition, some contracts include prescribed annual or monthly minimums, penalties for early te level agreements that may affect contractual fees if specific service levels are not achieved. The Company has determined that thes represent a stand-ready obligation comprising a series of distinct days of services that are substantially the same and have the sam the customer.

The Company also has partner agreements, some of which contain guaranteed revenue or transaction minimum commitmen arrangements. Because of these minimum commitments, the Company has to evaluate the agreements to determine the fixed and and the amount of revenue to be recognized. For the minimum commitments, the Company records the fixed consideration ratably period and the variable consideration to the extent that the Company believes that the variable consideration is not constrained. Th these arrangements is net of any revenue sharing with the customer, which is typically determined based on a calculation of revenu incurred by the Company, as defined in the agreement.

The Company recognizes fees charged to customers primarily on a gross basis as transaction revenue when the Company i of completing a payment transaction. In order to provide payment services, the Company routes and clears each transaction throug payment network. The Company obtains authorization for the transaction and requests funds settlement from the card issuing finan the payment network. When third parties are involved in the transfer of goods or services to customers, the Company considers the promised good or service and applies judgment to determine whether the Company controls the good or service before it is transfer whether the Company is acting as an agent of the third party. To determine whether or not the Company controls the good or servic to the customer, the Company assesses indicators including whether the Company or the third party is primarily responsible for fulfil has discretion in determining pricing for the good or service, as well as other considerations. Based on an assessment of these indi has concluded that the Company bears primary responsibility for the fulfillment of the payment service with the majority of the custo with customers, controls the product specifications, and defines the value proposal from the Company's services. The Company the risk when completing a payment transaction, and on that basis, controls those services prior to being transferred to the customer. T charged by the card issuing financial institutions and the fees charged by the payment networks are recognized as transaction expe revenue in the consolidated statements of operations.

ASC 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligation 606, the Company has elected to exclude from this disclosure any contracts with an original duration of one year or less and any va meets specified criteria. As described above, most significant performance obligations consist of variable consideration under a sta distinct days of service. Such variable consideration meets the specified criteria for the disclosure exclusion; therefore, the majority of transaction price that is allocated to performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied is variable consideration that is not r disclosure.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The following table presents a disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (in thousands):

| Year Ended Decembe  2022  2021  Payment transaction processing revenue  $  490,377  $  390,703  Other  6,624  4,821  Total revenue  $  497,001  $  395,524   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Remaining Performance Obligations

ASU Topic 606 requires disclosure of the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance obligations. The purpose of this disclosure is to provide additional information about the amounts and expected timing of revenue to be recognized from the remaining performance obligations in our existing contracts.

As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligations that are unsatisfie was $7.2 million, which the Company expects to recognize over 75% within the next two years. The timing of revenue recognition w largely dependent upon the go-live dates of the Company's contracts.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company has contractual rights under its commercial agreements to receive approximately $ consideration related to the future minimum revenue or transaction guarantees through 2026.  As permitted, the Company has elect disclosure any variable consideration that meets specified criteria.  Accordingly, the total unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied performa to processing services is significantly higher than the amount disclosed.

## Contract Balances

The contract asset balance at December 31, 2022 was $9.7 million of which $2.7 million was included in prepaid expenses a and $7.0 million was included in other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets.  The contract asset balance at Decemb million of which $1.7 million was included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and $3.9 million was included in other long-t consolidated balance sheets. The increase in the contract asset balance was primarily related to the addition of new warrants, see During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reduced revenue and the related contract assets by $2.1 millio respectively.

The Company recorded $7.2 million and $3.9 million of contract liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets as of December December 31, 2021, respectively.  Of the $3.9 million contract liabilities included as of December 31, 2021, $2.8 million was related during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in the contract liabilities is primarily the result of timing differences between customer and the Company's satisfaction of each performance obligation. The revenue recognized that was included in the contract beginning of each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was $1.0 million and $0.6 million, respectively.

## Business Combinations

## 4.        Business Combinations

## PayVeris, LLC

On September 1, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of PayVeris, LLC ("Payveris") by acquiring all outstanding eq purchase price of approximately $145.5 million, comprised of $85.1 million in cash and 2,364,270 shares of the Company's Class A fair value of approximately $60.4 million. Payveris is a payment processing company for financial institutions. The acquisition was e addressable market opportunity for the Company's existing solutions while also enhancing Payveris' platform with real-time capabilities, enhance presentment and additional payment options for banks, credit unions and financial institutions of all sizes.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of purchase consideration tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. The major classes to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as follows (in thousands):

| Accounts receivable  $  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  Intangible assets, includes software acquired  Property and equipment  Goodwill  Restricted funds held for financial institutions  Financial institution funds in-transit  Accounts payable  Accrued liabilities  Deferred revenue  Total  $   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The finalization of the purchase price allocation did not result in any changes to the preliminary estimate. The Company reco period adjustment of $8.5 million during the fourth quarter of 2021 to decrease trademarks and increase goodwill related to the refin acquisition valuation. There were no measurement period adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integratio assembled workforce. The goodwill is deductible for income tax purposes.

The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, excep

| Fair Value  Customer Relationships  $  26,  Trademarks  3,  Developed Technology  8,  Total  $  38,   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Finovera, Inc.

On September 2, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Finovera by acquiring all outstanding shares for a total pur approximately $12.9 million, net of cash acquired, comprised of $5.0 million in cash of which $0.8 million is being held back by the twenty-four months following the transaction closing date and is recorded in finance leases and other finance obligations, net of curr consolidated balance sheets, and 293,506 shares of the Company's Class A common stock with a fair value of approximately $7.9 bill aggregation technology provider for financial institutions. The acquisition of Finovera was expected to increase the addressable the Company's biller and financial institution solutions by, among other things, increasing the availability of certain bill data.  Effectiv Finovera was merged with and into Payveris, with Payveris as the surviving company.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of purchase consideration tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. The major classes to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as follows (in thousands):

| Cash  $  Accounts receivable  Intangible assets  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  Goodwill  Accounts payable  Accrued liabilities  Deferred taxes  Total  $   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The finalization of the purchase price allocation did not result in any changes to the preliminary estimate. There were no mea adjustments during the year ended December 31, 2022.

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integratio operations and the assembled workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, excep

| Fair Value  Developed Technology  $  5,  Customer Relationships  Total  $  6,   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PROFIT Financial, Inc.

On December 19, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of PROFIT Financial, Inc. ("PROFIT") by acquiring all outsta for a total purchase price of approximately $4.3 million, net of cash acquired, comprised of $3.3 million cash of which $0.1 million is payable at December 31, 2022 and $0.6 million is being held back by the Company for a period of twelve to twenty-four months foll close date and is recorded in finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion in the consolidated balance sheets. and accounting software company with offerings to small business.  The acquisition of PROFIT is expected to increase the Compan for the Company's existing solutions while enhancing the PROFIT platform.

The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination and, accordingly, the total fair value of purchase consideration tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values on the acquisition date. The major classes to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as follows (in thousands):

| Cash  $  Intangible assets  Goodwill  Deferred taxes  Total  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|

The purchase price allocation is preliminary.  The Company continues to collect information with regard to its estimates and potential liabilities.  The Company will record adjustments to the fair value of net assets acquired and goodwill within 12 months of t

The goodwill recognized was primarily attributed to increased synergies that are expected to be achieved from the integratio assembled workforce. The goodwill is not deductible for income tax purposes.

The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, excep

| Fair Value  Brand  $  Developed Technology  1,  Total  $  1,   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------|

Costs incurred for the PROFIT acquisition were not material. Costs incurred for the Payveris and Finovera acquisitions were million for the year ended December 31, 2021.

The revenue and expenses of the acquired businesses have been included in the Company's consolidated financial results s date. Revenues and expenses related to these acquisitions and pro forma results of operations have not been presented for the ye 2022 and 2021 because the effects of these acquisitions were not material to the Company's overall operations. All acquisition relat as incurred and have been recorded in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations.

## 5.        Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  Computer equipment  $  5,476  Furniture and fixtures  1,672  Leasehold improvements  419  Total property and equipment  7,567  Less:  Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (5,744)  Property and equipment, net  $  1,823   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation and amortization expense recorded for property and equipment was $1.2 million, $1.1 million and $1.0 million f December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 6.        Goodwill and Intangible Assets

## Goodwill

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting unit were as follows (in thousands):

United

| States  Other  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  12,303  $  90  Goodwill acquired  (1)  116,216  Foreign currency translation adjustments  -  (  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  128,519  $  89  Goodwill acquired  (1)  2,509  Foreign currency translation adjustments  -  (7  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  131,028  $  82   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The goodwill acquired in the year ended December 31, 2022 is related to the PROFIT acquisition and the goodwill acquired in year ended December 31, 2021 is Finovera acquisitions. See Note 4.

## Intangible Assets

Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31, 2022  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carryi  Amou  Technology  $  22,631  $  (11,965)  $  License  2,503  (2,503)  Customer relationship  33,788  (11,695)  Software  1,212  (661)  Trademark  4,238  (1,531)  Total  $  64,372  $  (28,355)  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carryi  Amou  Technology  $  20,837  $  (8,655)  $  License  2,652  (2,652)  Customer relationship  33,830  (8,021)  Software  893  (456)  Trademark  4,193  (533)  Total  $  62,405  $  (20,317)  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization expense of intangible assets was $8.3 million, $2.9 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2 respectively.

As of December 31, 2022, future amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  2024  2025  2026  2027  Thereafter  Total future amortization expense  $   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## Leases

## 7.        Leases

The Company enters into operating and finance leases, primarily related to rental of office space, equipment and data center finance leases have remaining lease terms which range from less than one year to five years, and often include one or more renew These options are not included in the determination of the lease term at commencement unless it is reasonably certain that the Co option.

The components of lease cost were as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended Dece  2022  Operating lease cost  $  2,460  $  Finance lease cost  Depreciation expense  268  Interest on finance lease liabilities  8  Total finance lease cost  276  Short-term lease cost  972  Total lease cost  $  3,708  $   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended Dece  2022  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities  Operating cash flows for operating leases  $  2,103  $  Operating cash flows for finance leases  8  Financing cash flows for finance leases  268  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of operating lease obligations  3,938  Property and equipment obtained in exchange of finance lease obligations  --   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company's leases were as follows:

| December 3  2022  Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)  Operating leases  6.6  Finance leases  0.2  Weighted-average discount rate  Operating leases  3.24%  Finance leases  3.24%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total remaining lease payments under non-cancelable operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as f

| Year Ending December 31,  Operating Leases  2023  1,880  2024  1,855  2025  1,845  2026  1,766  2027  1,061  Thereafter  2,663  Total minimum lease payments including interest  $  11,070  $  Less imputed interest  (1,008)  Total lease liabilities  $  10,062  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## Accrued Liabilities

## Accrued Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Accrued Liabilities

## 8.        Accrued Liabilities

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  Payroll and employee-related expenses  $  9,214  Finance leases and other financing obligations  1,813  Other accrued liabilities  4,782  Total  $  15,809   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Finance leases and other financing obligations includes the current portion of finance leases related to the acquisition of com short-term insurance premium financing arrangements.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 9.        Commitments and Contingencies

## Other Commitments

The Company has entered into certain non-cancellable agreements for software and marketing services that specify all signif fixed or minimum services to be used, pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. Obligations under contracts that are cancellable or with remaining terms of 12 months or less are not included.

Future minimum payments under other non-cancellable agreements as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands

| Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  2024  2025  $   |
|----------------------------------------------------|

## 401(k) Plan

The Company sponsors a 401(k) defined contribution plan covering all eligible U.S. employees. Contributions to the 401(k) pl The Company made $0.9 million of matching contributions to the 401(k) plan for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company matching contributions to the 401(k) plan for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Legal Matters

The Company is involved from time to time in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. For accruals have not been established because such matters have not progressed sufficiently through discovery, and/or development information and legal information is insufficient to enable the Company to estimate a range of possible loss, if any.  While it is not fe determine the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company believes that none of its current legal proceedings will have a materi financial position, results of operations, or cash flows as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## Indemnification

The Company enters into indemnification provisions under agreements with other parties in the ordinary course of business, includi investors, contractors, customers, and the Company's officers, directors, and certain employees. The Company has agreed to inde indemnified party claims and related losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party from actual or threatened third-party claim activities or non-compliance with obligations or representations made by the Company. The Company seeks to limit, or cap, its inde its commercial and other contracts. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential loss under these indemnification provision limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular provision.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## Related Party Transactions

## Related Party Transactions [Abstract] Related Party Transactions

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 15.        Related Party Transactions

Transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm's length basis due to the absence of free market forces that naturally exist in business dealings between two or more unrelated entities. Related party transactions may not always be favorable to the Company's business and may include terms, conditions and agreements that are not necessarily beneficial to or in the best interest of the Company.

On September 6, 2011, the Company issued a loan to the Company's Chief Executive Officer for $0.8 million at an interest rate of 2% per annum. The Company recorded the principal amount of $0.8 million as a reduction to additional paid-in capital in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. The Chief Executive Officer and an entity affiliated with him pledged 805 shares of the Company's Series A preferred shares and 1,788,205 common shares as security for the loan. The loan principal and interest were due and payable on September 6, 2026. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company recognized an immaterial amount of interest income relating to the loan. On March 16, 2021, the Company's Chief Executive Officer paid in full the loan outstanding in the amount of $0.8 million, plus accrued interest of $0.2 million for a total payment of $1.0 million.

The wife of the Company's Chief Executive Officer serves as a vice president for the Company. She received aggregate compensation, inclusive of her base salary and bonus of $0.3 million for her employment with the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, and $0.2 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. In addition, the son of a member of the Company's board of directors serves as a vice president of the Company and he received aggregate compensation, inclusive of his base salary and bonus, of $0.3 million for his employment with the Company for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Equity

## Equity [Abstract] Equity

## 10.        Equity

## Preferred Stock

In connection with the IPO, the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors.

## Common Stock

The Company has two classes of common stock: Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In connection with the IPO, the Company's amended and restated certificate of incorporation became effective, which authorized the issuance of 883,950,000 shares of Class A common stock and 111,050,000 shares of Class B common stock. The shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. Each share of Class A common stock is entitled to one vote. Each share of Class B common stock is entitled to ten votes. Class A and Class B common stock have a par value of $0.0001 per share, and are referred to as common stock throughout the notes to the consolidated financial statements, unless otherwise noted. Holders of common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the board of directors.

Shares of Class B common stock may be converted to Class A common stock at any time at the option of the stockholder. Shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock upon the following: (i) sale or transfer of such share of Class B common stock; (ii) the death of the Class B common stockholder (or nine months after the date of death if the stockholder is one of the Company's founders); and (iii) on the first trading day on or after the date on which the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than 10% of the then outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. Following the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock, no further shares of Class B common stock will be issued.

## Series A Preferred Stock

Upon completion of the IPO, the Company used approximately $57.4 million of the net proceeds to redeem all of the issued and outstanding shares of Series A preferred stock (including accrued dividends of $34.4 million). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no shares of Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding.

## Warrant

On May 13, 2021, the Company entered into a warrant agreement with JPMC Strategic Investments I Corporation ('JPMC'), an affiliate of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, an underwriter in our 2021 IPO, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue a warrant to JPMC for up to 509,370 shares of Class A common stock upon completion of the IPO at an exercise price of $18.38 per share. Upon completion of the IPO, 382,027 of the warrant shares had vested and are therefore, exercisable. The vesting of the remaining 127,343 shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrant will be subject to the achievement of certain commercial milestones through December 31, 2025 pursuant to a related commercial agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association ('JPM Chase'), an affiliate of JPMC. As discussed below, this commercial

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

agreement was amended in August 2022, and the achievement of certain commercial milestones was extended through December 31, 2026 and minimum revenue commitments were set for each of the calendar years through 2026. Consistent with classification guidance in ASU Topic 606, the Company accounts for the consideration payable in the form of warrants to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price and, therefore, of revenue as the revenue is earned. The warrant fair value was determined using the Black-Scholes pricing model in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation .

During 2021, the Company updated the May 2021 warrant value recognized based on the expectation that the probability of achievement of certain milestones would be achieved. The increase was recorded using the fair value determined at the time of grant multiplied by the estimated number of remaining warrants expected to vest. This increase was recorded as additional paid-in capital and as a contract asset included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. The increase made to the May 2021 warrant valuation in 2022 was not material.

On August 29, 2022, the Company entered into a warrant agreement with JPMC, in connection with an amendment to the Company's existing commercial agreement with JPM Chase discussed above, pursuant to which the Company issued a warrant to JPMC for up to 684,510 shares of Class A common stock at an exercise price of $10.10 per share. Upon signing of the warrant agreement, 171,128 of the warrant shares had vested and are therefore, exercisable. The vesting of the remaining 513,382 shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrant will be subject to the achievement of certain commercial milestones through December 31, 2026 pursuant to the commercial agreement, as amended.

As of December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 588,172 warrants had vested and were exercisable under the outstanding warrant agreements.

## Stock-Based Compensation

## Share-Based Payment

## 11.        Stock-Based Compensation

In May 2021, the Company's board of directors adopted, and its stockholders approved, the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the ' became effective in connection with the IPO. The 2021 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, within the meaning of Internal Revenue Code, to the Company's employees and any of its parent or subsidiary corporations' employees, and for the grant options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, and performance awards to the Company's employees, dir and any of its parent or subsidiary corporations' employees and consultants. A total of 10,459,000 shares of the Company's Class been reserved for issuance under the 2021 Plan in addition to (i) an annual increase of 4% of the outstanding shares of the Compa Class A and Class B common stock taken together, on the first day of each fiscal year (the "Evergreen Addition") and (ii) upon the e cancellation, or reacquisition of any shares of Class B common stock underlying outstanding stock awards granted under the 2012 equal number of shares of Class A common stock, such number of shares not to exceed 7,563,990. On January 1, 2022 and 2023, Evergreen Addition, approximately 4.8 million and 4.9

million shares of Class A common stock were added to the 2021 Plan issuance reserve. At December 31, 2022, there were 14.1 m available for the Company to grant under the 2021 Plan.

## Stock Options

A summary of the Company's option activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (in thousands, except amounts):

| Weighted  Weighted-  Average  Average  Remainin  Options  Exercise Price  Contractu  Outstanding  per Share  Life  (years  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  6,849,910  $  5.05  Options granted  -  Options exercised  (2,480,516)  0.60  Options forfeited  (213,754)  8.66  Outstanding at December 31, 2022  4,155,640  $  7.52  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  3,280,611  $  7.22   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of opt years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, was $3.38 and $3.71, respectively. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference price of the options and the fair value of the Company's common stock. The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised for the ye 2022 and 2021 was $38.5 million and $17.8 million, respectively.

The fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was estimated using the Black-Schol with the following weighted-average assumptions:

| Year Ended December  2021  Dividend yield  0.0%  Risk-free interest rate  0.3 % - 0.8%  Expected term (in years)  5  Expected volatility  38.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The determination of the fair value of stock options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model is affecte Company's common stock, as well as assumptions regarding a number of variables that are complex, subjective and generally requ to determine. The valuation assumptions were determined as follows:

## Expected Term

The expected life of options granted to employees was determined by using management's best estimation of exercise activi

## Risk-Free Interest Rate

The Company utilizes a risk-free interest rate in the option valuation model based on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues, with to the expected term of the options.

## Expected Volatility

As the Company does not have an extensive trading history for its common stock, the expected volatility is based on the hist Company's publicly traded industry peers utilizing a period of time consistent with the Company's estimate of expected term.

## Expected Dividend Yield

The Company does not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future and, therefore, uses an expected divi option valuation model.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## Fair Value of Underlying Common Stock

Prior to the initial public offering, the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying stock options was estimated by the Company prepared the valuations with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm, utilizing approaches and methodologies consist Institute of Certified Public Accountants Practice Aid, Valuation of Privately-Held-Company Equity Securities Issued as Compensati provided by management, including historical and projected financial information, prospects and risks, company performance, vario capitalization, and economic and financial market conditions. Management, with its third-party valuation firm, also utilized other eco market information obtained from other resources considered reliable. After the initial public offering, the Company used the publicly reported on the New York Stock Exchange as the fair value of its common stock.

## RSUs

In August 2021, the Company began issuing RSUs to certain employees and nonemployees under the 2021 Plan. A summa RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows:

| Number of  RSU's Outstanding  Awarded and unvested at December 31, 2021  513,547  $  Awards granted  1,163,428  Awards vested  (121,496)  Awards forfeited  (193,059)  Awarded and unvested at December 31, 2022  1,362,420  $   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of RSU grants is determined based upon the market closing price of the Company's Class A common stock on vest over the requisite service period, which ranges between four and five years from the date of grant, subject to continued employ provision of services for nonemployees. No RSUs vested during the year ended December 31, 2021.

Stock-based compensation expense included in the consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Cost of revenue  $  -  $  -  $  Operating expenses  Research and development  1,647  517  Sales and marketing  1,736  280  General and administrative  3,353  2,339  Total stock-based compensation  $  6,736  $  3,136  $   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2022, there was $2.3 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options gra Equity Incentive Plan, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of 1.4 years.

At December 31, 2022, there was $22.2 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted u which is expected to be recognized over a remaining weighted-average period of 3.5 years.

## Income Taxes

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Taxes

## 12.        Income Taxes

The components of income before income taxes were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  United States  $  (4,579)  $  7,26  Foreign  3,271  3,10  Total  $  (1,308)  $  10,36   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Current:  Domestic  $  1,303  $  91  Foreign  875  81  Total  2,178  1,72  Deferred:  Domestic  (3,020)  (76  Foreign  47  10  Total  (2,973)  (66  Provision for income taxes  $  (795)  $  1,06   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate applied to the income before provision for incom following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Federal statutory rate  21.0%  21.  State taxes  (40.0)%  4.  Non-deductible executive compensation  (32.4)%  14.  Non-deductible IPO expenses  -%  4.  Other permanent differences  (8.3)%  0.  Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation  675.6%  (41.  Difference in prior year tax filings from provision  (22.6)%  4.  Foreign tax rate differences  0.1%  2.  Valuation Allowance  (542.8)%  Other  10.2%  60.8%  10.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilitie purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabiliti 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| De  2022  Deferred tax assets:  Stock-based compensation and other accruals  $  2,80  Federal and state net operating losses  60  Foreign tax credit  82  Operating lease liabilities  4,01  Fixed assets  Capitalized research and development costs  5,56  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)  30  Other  63  Total deferred tax assets  14,74  Valuation allowance  (7,80  Net deferred tax assets  $  6,94  Deferred tax liabilities:  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)  Goodwill  (3,47  Fixed assets  (11  Operating lease right-of-use assets  (3,81  Foregone foreign tax credit  (9  Total deferred tax liabilities  (7,50  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (56   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

| Reported as:  Deferred tax asset (non-current)  $  11  Deferred tax liability (non-current)  (68  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (56   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company had a valuation allowance of $7.8 million and $0.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.  Du cumulative history of losses (after adjusting for permanent differences mainly related to excess tax benefits on stock-based compen recorded an increase of $7.1 million to the valuation allowance.  This increase represented a full valuation allowance against its net as it determined it was more likely than not the Company will not be able to utilize these deferred tax assets.  Even though the Com report U.S. taxable income for the year ended December 31, 2022, due to the new requirements to capitalize research and develop cumulative history of losses it is not more likely than not that the Company will be able to utilize the resulting deferred tax assets in t years, the valuation allowance was only recorded against certain acquired state net operating losses and certain excess foreign tax

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had $0.9 million of federal and $4.4 million of state net operating loss carryforwards a taxable income. State net operating losses, if not utilized, will begin to expire in 2031. A portion of these losses were acquired in the and therefore are subject to change of control provisions, which limit the amount of acquired tax attributes that can be utilized in a gi Company does not expect the change of control limitations to significantly impact our ability to utilize these attributes. Furthermore, t immaterial amount of non-refundable federal investment tax credits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in Canada, which are availa Canadian taxes and, if unused, begin to expire in 2035.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would impact the effecti material.

Interest and penalties related to income tax matters are classified as a component of income tax expense and were immaterial December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Although it is reasonably possible that certain unrecognized tax benefits may increase or decr months due to tax examination changes, settlement activities, or the impact on recognition and measurement considerations related published tax cases or other similar activities, the Company does not anticipate any significant changes to unrecognized tax benefit months.

The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction, various state jurisdictions, and in various international jur Company's tax filings remain subject to audits by applicable tax authorities for a certain length of time following the tax year to whic years 2019 and forward generally remain open for examination for federal and state tax purposes. Tax years 2018 and forward generally remain open for examination for foreign tax p

The Company has not recorded foreign withholding taxes or deferred income tax liabilities related to undistributed earnings of f approximately $6.9 million and $4.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, since such earnings are considered p

## Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock

## Earnings Per Share [Abstract]

Net (Loss) Income Per Share

Attributable to Common Stock

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## 13.        Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock

Basic net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders is computed by deducting the undeclared dividends o stock from net income to arrive at net income attributable to common stock and dividing the net income attributable to common stoc weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period.

Diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive comm the extent they are dilutive. The dilutive effect of outstanding options, RSUs and warrants is reflected in diluted net (loss) income pe common stock by application of the treasury stock method. The calculation of diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to com anti-dilutive common shares.

The rights of the holders of Class A and Class B common stock are identical, except with respect to voting and conversion. A dividend rights are identical, the undistributed earnings are allocated on a proportionate basis to each class of common stock and th diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders are, therefore, the same for both Class A and Class B common st individual and combined basis.

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock ( share and per share data):

| Year Ended Decemb  2022  2021  Numerator:  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,30  Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock  -  (2,25  Net (loss) income attributable to common stock  $  (513)  $  7,04  Denominator:  Weighted-average shares of common stock - basic  122,099,437  112,763,26  Dilutive effect of stock options to purchase common stock  -  6,009,89  Dilutive effect of RSUs  -  19,16  Dilutive effect of warrants  -  29,61  Weighted-average shares of common stock - diluted  122,099,437  118,821,92  Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock  Basic  $  -  $  0.0  Diluted  $  -  $  0.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarized the securities that were excluded from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per shar stock as their inclusion would have been antidilutive for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Stock options to purchase common stock  RSUs  Warrants   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company did not have any securities that were excluded from the co income per share attributable to common stock calculations for the periods presented as all options, RSUs and warrants outstandin dilutive.

## Geographic Information

## Segment Reporting [Abstract] Geographic Information

## 14.        Geographic Information

Revenue by geographic area, based on the location of the Company's users, was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended Decemb  2022  2021  United States  $  487,068  $  387,2  Other  9,933  8,2  Total  $  497,001  $  395,5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets, by geographic area were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  United States  $  706  Other  1,117  Total  $  1,823   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)

## Accounting Policies [Abstract]

## Basis of Presentation

## Stock Split

## Principles of Consolidation

## Segment Information

## Use of Estimates

## Foreign Currency

## Revenue Recognition

## Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting p accepted in the United States ('GAAP').

## Stock Split

On May 10, 2021, the Company effected a 5-for-1 forward stock split of its common stock. In connection with the forward sto outstanding share of common stock, automatically and without action on the part of the holders, became five shares of common sto share of common stock was not adjusted. All share, per share and related information presented in the consolidated financial state accompanying notes have been retroactively adjusted, where applicable, to reflect the impact of the stock split.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercomp balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.

## Segment Information

Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available and ev chief operating decision maker ('CODM') in deciding how to make operating decisions, allocate resources and assess performance three operating segments based on geography. The United States segment represents the vast majority of the Company's consolid profit. The additional two operating segments, Canada and India, do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate reporting, either individu None of the operating segments qualified for aggregation. The Company's CODM is its chief executive officer. The CODM evaluate Company's operating segments based on revenue and gross profit. The Company does not analyze discrete segment balance she long-term assets. All other financial information is presented on a consolidated basis. For information regarding the Company's long revenue by geographic area, see Note 14.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Such estimates include revenue recognitio credit losses, the lives of tangible and intangible assets, the valuation of acquired intangible assets and the recoverability or impair including goodwill, internal-use software development costs, valuation of stock warrants issued, stock-based compensation, and ac taxes. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and also on assumptions that management considers reasonable. assesses these estimates on a regular basis; however, actual results could differ from these estimates.

## Foreign Currency

The reporting currency of the Company is the United States Dollar. The Company's foreign subsidiaries use the local currenc countries as their functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated using the exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Reve translated at average exchange rates during the period. Equity transactions are translated using historical exchange rates. The effe translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) or ('AOCI') as a component of stockholder periodic movements are summarized as a line item in the consolidated statements of comprehensive (loss) income. Gains and loss remeasurement of foreign currency transactions into the functional currency are recognized as foreign exchange gain (loss) in the c of operations.

## Revenue Recognition

The Company generates revenue primarily from payment transaction fees processed through the Company's platform. The f percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction. For biller transactions the actual fees are dependent on payment or industry vertical. The payment transaction fees are received directly (i) from billers, who absorb the cost, or from customers in the convenience-type fee, or (ii) from financial institutions. Transaction fees are collected for each completed transaction processed thr Company also earns other revenue, which primarily consists of maintenance revenue and subscription revenue. Other revenue repr 1.3%, 1.2% and 1.4% of total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Contract Assets

Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from arrangements whereby complete satisfaction of a performa right to payment are conditioned on completing additional tasks or services. In addition, the Company has recorded contract assets warrant agreements with an affiliate of a customer. Following the guidance in ASC 606, the Company accounts for consideration pa warrants to a customer as a reduction of the transaction price and therefore, of revenue. The Company has estimated the transactio revenue for this customer inclusive of the estimated value of the warrants earned and expected to be earned over the term of the co

## Contract Liabilities

Contract liabilities relate to fees billed in advance of services provided. The terms of the contract normally require the custom monthly fee for hosting and maintenance, plus a nonrefundable up-front fee for set-up, integration services, and data conversion at non-refundable up-front fees are typically billed in advance of services provided and are recorded as contract liability in the consolid

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

## Cost of Revenue

## Research and Development Costs

## Advertising Costs

## Self-Insurance

## Income Taxes

Stock-based Compensation

These fees are amortized ratably over the term of the agreement and recognized as revenue. The fixed monthly fee is for a promise maintenance. These services are provided over the same period and have the same pattern of transfer to the customer as the pay services. They are both stand-ready obligations satisfied ratably over the contractual period, and assessed as a single performance they are recognized in the same manner as the variable consideration.

## Assets Recognized From the Costs to Obtain a Contract With a Customer

The Company capitalizes certain costs to obtain contracts with customers, including employee sales commissions, when the new sales and is therefore considered an incremental cost of obtaining a customer. At contract inception, the Company capitalizes the Company expects to recover and that would not have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. Capitalized costs to o million are included in prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Some of the C compensation paid to the sales force is earned based on the margins earned from the contract over the contract term and is conting employment with the Company by the salesperson. Sales commissions tied to key operating metrics other than new sales, are not c costs of obtaining a customer and are expensed in the same period as they are earned, rather than being capitalized. The Compan expense within sales and marketing expense in the consolidated statements of operations.

Amortization of capitalized commissions to obtain customer contracts is included in sales and marketing expense in the con operations. The Company utilizes a straight-line method as it best depicts the pattern of transfer of the goods or services to the cust amortizes these assets over the expected period of benefit, which is typically three to five years. The Company evaluates contract c comparing, on a pooled basis, the expected future net cash flows from underlying customer relationships to the carrying amount of t costs

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue consists primarily of interchange and assessment fees, processing fees and bank settlement fees paid to thi processors and financial institutions, and personnel-related costs associated with the Company's customer support teams, includin bonuses. Cost of revenue also includes an allocation of hosting and datacenter costs for the Company's infrastructure and platform telecommunication expenses used by sales and customer support teams, a portion of amortization of capitalized internal-use softw and a portion of amortization of intangible assets acquired through acquisition.

## Research and Development Costs

Research and development costs are expensed as incurred, unless they qualify as internal-use software development costs. development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses associated with the Company's research and development benefits, stock-based compensation and bonuses.

## Advertising Costs

Advertising costs are expensed as incurred and are included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statement costs were $2.0 million, $1.5 million and $0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Self-Insurance

The Company is self-insured for a significant portion of its employee medical exposures. Liabilities for self-insured exposures are ac value of amounts expected to be paid based on historical claims experience and actuarial data for forecasted settlements of claims not yet reported claims. Accruals for self-insured exposures are included in current and noncurrent liabilities based on the expected

Excess liability insurance has been purchased to limit the amount of self-insured risk on claims.

## Income Taxes

The Company is subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is req provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets and liabilities, including evaluating uncertainties in the application of accounting tax laws.

The Company records a provision for income taxes for the anticipated tax consequences of the reported results of operation liability method. Under this method, the Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax conseque differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes and the tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as for l carryforwards. The deferred assets and liabilities are measured using the statutorily enacted tax rates anticipated to be in effect wh liabilities are expected to be realized or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognize includes the enactment date.

A valuation allowance is established if, based upon the available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the de be realized. The Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, including historical levels of income, expect associated with estimates of future taxable income in assessing the need for a valuation allowance.

The Company's tax positions are subject to income tax audits by multiple tax jurisdictions throughout the world. The Compan benefit of an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the position will be sustainable upon examination by the taxing au resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. This evaluation is based on all available evidence and assumes that the ta knowledge of all relevant information concerning the tax position. The tax benefit recognized is measured as the largest amount of likely than not (greater than 50% likely) to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. The Company recognizes i penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. The Company makes adjustments to these reserves in accor tax guidance when facts and circumstances change, such as the closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the exte outcome of these matters is different from the amounts recorded, such differences will affect the provision for income taxes in the p determination is made and could have a material impact on the Company's financial condition and operating results.

## Stock-based Compensation

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

## Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

## Fair Value Measurements

## Accounts and Other Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses

## Internal-use Software Development Costs

The Company measures and recognizes stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based awards, including grants of ("RSUs") and options to purchase stocks granted to employees, outside directors and consultants based on the estimated fair value grant date of the award. The Company estimates the grant date fair value for options using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. the grant-date fair value using an option-pricing model is affected by the fair value of the Company's common stock as well as assu number of other complex and subjective variables. These variables include expected stock price volatility over the expected term of projected employee stock option exercise behaviors, the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the award, and expected divi an RSU is measured using the market price of the Company's Class A common stock on the date of grant. Compensation cost is re straight-line basis over the employee requisite service period, which is the stated vesting period of the award, provided that total co recognized at least equals the pro rata value of the awards that have vested. Forfeitures are accounted for in the period in which th compensation expense is recorded in operating expenses in the consolidated statements of operations based on the recipient grant

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original or remaining maturities of three months or less when purch equivalents, which are composed of primarily bank deposits and government issued securities.

## Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

Restricted cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits required by certain counterparties to merchant counterparty proces required reserves under certain health insurance policies.  Deposit balances are required through the term of the agreement and for the termination of the merchant counterparty processing agreements.

## Fair Value Measurements

The Company utilizes valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservabl possible. The Company determines fair value based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liabilit advantageous market. When considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the following fair value hierar between observable and unobservable inputs, which are categorized in one of the following levels:

· Level 1 inputs - unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities accessible to the reporting entity date;

· Level 2 inputs - other than quoted prices included in Level 1 inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directl substantially the full term of the asset or liability; and

· Level 3 inputs - unobservable inputs for the asset or liability used to measure fair value to the extent that observable inputs thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date.

The carrying amounts reflected in the consolidated balance sheets for accounts receivable, and accounts payable approxima values due to the short maturities of those instruments.

## Accounts and Other Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses

Accounts receivable are recorded at invoiced amounts and do not bear interest. The Company will evaluate its accounts rec determine if an allowance for credit losses is necessary. The development of the allowance for credit losses is based on an expecte considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future conditions and a review of past due amounts, historical write-off and reco due balances over 90 days and over a specified amount are reviewed individually for collectability and all other balances are review Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for rec remote. The Company does not have any off-balance sheet exposure related to its customers. Other receivables included $3.0 milli rebates related to interchange fees for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

The changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows (in thousands):

| Al  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  Charge-offs  Recoveries  Provision for credit losses  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  Charge-offs  Recoveries  Provision for credit losses  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Internal-use Software Development Costs

The Company capitalizes qualifying internal-use software development costs related to its platform . The costs consist of pers related benefits) that are incurred during the application development stage, as well as implementation costs incurred to fulfill our co as they (1) relate directly to the contract, (2) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the performance obligati and (3) are expected to be recovered through revenues generated under the contract. Capitalization of costs begins when two criter preliminary project stage is completed, and (2) it is probable that the software will be completed and used for its intended function. when the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, including the completion of all significant testing. Costs r project activities and post implementation operating activities are expensed as incurred. During the years ended December 31, 202 Company capitalized $29.8 million, $19.3 million and $14.4 million in software development costs, respectively.

## Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Including Goodwill and Intangible Assets)

## Leases

Capitalized costs are amortized over the estimated useful life of the software, which management estimated to be a range of are recorded on a straight-line basis, which represents the manner in which the expected benefit will be derived. Amortization expe revenue and operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations aligned with the internal organizations that are the pri such assets. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company recorded $8.8 million, $4.9 million and $3. expense in cost of revenue, and $5.9 million, $4.5 million and $3.0 million of amortization expense in operating expenses, respectiv

## Property and Equipment, Net

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net is stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed usin method over the estimated useful life of the related asset as follows:

Computer equipment.................................................................. 3 years

Furniture and fixtures ................................................................. 5 years

Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of estimated useful life or the remaining lease term. Expenses that i extend its remaining useful life are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of, and the related accumulated removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in other income (loss) in the consolidated statements of opera maintenance or repairs that do not extend the lives of the respective assets are expensed as incurred.

## Business Combination

## Business Combination

The purchase price of an acquisition is allocated to the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities assumed based on their the acquisition dates. The excess of total consideration over the fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed is rec During the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, the Company may record adjustments to th liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination

of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments would be recorded in the consolidated operations.

## Treasury Stock

## Treasury Stock

The Company accounts for treasury stock acquisitions using the cost method. The Company accounts for the retirement of tr deducting its par value from common stock or Series A preferred stock and reflecting any excess of cost over par value as a deducti paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheets.

## Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Including Goodwill and Intangible Assets)

Long-lived assets with finite lives include property and equipment, capitalized internal-use software development costs, and assets. The Company evaluates long-lived assets, including intangible assets and capitalized internal-use software development co whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability is measured by comparison of the carrying amount of an asset or an asset group to estimated undiscounted future net cash flows e by the asset or asset group. If the carrying amount of an asset exceeds these estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the asset or asset group.

Goodwill is not amortized but rather tested at the reporting unit level for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter, or or changes in circumstances indicate that goodwill may be impaired. The Company has three reporting units. Goodwill impairment i quantitative assessment results in the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeding its fair value, in which case an impairment char goodwill to the extent the carrying value exceeds the fair value, limited to the amount of goodwill. See Note 6 for more information r value of goodwill by reporting unit.

When reviewing goodwill for impairment, the Company performs a qualitative assessment which considers the following circ others:

· Changes in general macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on acces developments in equity and credit markets;

· Changes in industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which the

Company operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in bot relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity's products or services; or a regulatory or political development;

· Changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows; and

· Decline in overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance).

The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment test as of November 30, 2022 using a qualitative assessment. The recognize any impairment of goodwill during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021.

## Leases

The Company classifies leases as either operating or financing at inception and as necessary at modification. Leased assets Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent its obligation to make lease payments a The Company does not obtain and control its right to use the identified asset until the lease commencement date.

Although it may have a right and an obligation to exchange lease payments for a leased asset from the date of inception, the have an obligation to make lease payments before the asset is made available for use; therefore, lease classification, recognition, a determined at the lease commencement date.

The Company made accounting policy elections, including a short-term lease exception policy, permitting the Company to no requirements of this standard to short-term leases (i.e., leases with expected terms of 12 months or less), and an accounting policy certain non-lease components as a single component for certain classes of assets other than computer equipment leases. For com

## Custodial Accounts

## Restricted funds held for financial institutions and financial institution funds-in transit

## Concentration of Credit Risk

## Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

## Deferred Offering Costs

## Accounting Pronouncements

the Company has agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are accounted for separately. For these agreements, le allocated between the lease and non-lease components based on the relative stand-alone price of these components.

The Company has leases for office facilities, computer equipment, and data centers. The Company's leases have remaining less than one year to approximately five years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to 4 years, and some of w terminate the leases.

Operating leases are included in operating lease ROU assets, and operating lease liabilities on the Company's consolidated Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Co incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the commencement date in determining the present value of lease incremental borrowing rate is the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow an amount equal to the lease paym basis over a similar term and in a similar economic environment. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any initial direct cost prior to lease commencement, and lease incentives received. The Company's lease terms are the noncancelable period including a provided by the lessor and may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that it will exercise tha inception, and upon modification or remeasurement, the Company estimates the lease term based on its assessment of extension a that are reasonably certain to be exercised. Lease cost for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease ter

Leased property under finance leases are included in property and equipment, net. Finance lease liabilities are included withi finance lease and other finance obligations, net of current portion on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. Property and equ leases is generally amortized over the lease term and is included in general and administrative expenses. The interest on the financ included in interest income, net.

Judgment is required when determining whether any of the Company's data center contracts contain a lease. The Company when the asset is specifically identifiable, substantially all the economic benefit of the asset is obtained, and the right to direct the us during the term of the lease.

## Custodial Accounts

The Company has established a relationship with its merchant processors to act as collection and paying agents, whereby a receives funds from customers and forwards such funds to the respective Paymentus client, based on the instructions received fro merchant processors act as custodians of the cash received and the Company has no legal ownership rights to the funds held in su and does not control the use of these funds. As the Company does not take ownership of the funds, these custodial accounts are n Company's consolidated balance sheets. The balance of cash in the custodial accounts held by these merchant processors was $3 million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Part of the increase in custodial accounts at December 31, of funds from Restricted Funds to the Custodial accounts, which is discussed in the below paragraph.  Other increases were related funds were received and subsequently transferred out.

## Restricted Funds Held for Financial Institutions and Financial Institution Funds In-Transit

Restricted funds held for financial institutions and the corresponding liability of financial institution funds in-transit represent t arising between the amounts the Company's sponsor bank receives from the sending financial institutions and the amounts disburs financial institutions. The restricted funds held for financial institutions account is a transaction account maintained at the Company' clearing payments from financial institutions (as defined by the U.S. Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network) to other fina Restricted funds held for financial institutions represent restricted cash that, based upon the Company's intent, are restricted solely f corresponding obligations to send funds to the various financial institutions. During the fourth quarter 2022, the Company entered in financial institution whereby the financial institution would take over the legal ownership of these funds and operate as the custodial these funds were moved to custodial accounts, the Company no longer had legal ownership or control over these funds, as such th has Restricted Funds held for Financial Institutions and Financial Institution Funds In-Transit on the consolidated balance sheet as

## Concentration of Credit Risk

Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk primarily consist of cash, cash equivalents, and acco Company maintains its cash and cash equivalents with high-quality financial institutions with investment-grade ratings. For accounts Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of nonpayment by customers to the extent of the amounts recorded in the consolidat customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue for either of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. One custome than 10% of accounts receivable for both December 31, 2022 and 2021, and no customer accounted for more than 10% of account

## Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents

Restricted cash and cash equivalents consist of deposits required by certain counterparties to merchant counterparty proces required reserves under certain health insurance policies.  Deposit balances are required through the term of the agreement and for the termination of the merchant counterparty processing agreements.

## Deferred Offering Costs

Deferred offering costs, which consist of direct incremental legal and accounting fees, relating to the Company's IPO, were in included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Upon consummation of the IPO in May reclassified $2.0 million of deferred offering costs to additional paid-in capital offsetting the IPO proceeds.

## Accounting Pronouncements

The Company is provided the option to adopt new or revised accounting guidance as an 'emerging growth company' under t Business Startups Act of 2012 either (1) within the same periods as those otherwise applicable to public business entities, or (2) wit periods as non-public business entities, including early adoption when permissible. With the exception of standards the Company el when permissible, the Company has elected to adopt new or revised accounting guidance within the same time period as non-publi indicated below.

## Accounting Pronouncements Recently Adopted

In December 2019, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update ("ASU") 2019 ('Topic 740'): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes , which simplifies the accounting for income taxes by eliminating some ex approach in ASC 740, Income Taxes in order to reduce cost and complexity of its application. The guidance is effective for financial fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Co adopt this standard on January 1, 2021. Adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial state

## Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contracts with Customers" ("ASU 2021-08") . ASU 2021-08 will require companies to apply the definition of a performance obligatio Revenue from contracts with customers ('Topic 606') to recognize and measure contract assets and contract liabilities relating to co that are acquired in a business combination. Under current U.S. GAAP, an acquirer generally recognizes assets acquired and liabilit business combination, including contract assets and contract liabilities arising from revenue contracts with customers, at fair value o ASU 2021-08 will result in the acquirer recording acquired contract assets and liabilities on the same basis that would have been re before the acquisition under ASU Topic 606. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, with early The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU on its consolidated financial statements but does not believe it will have

| ## 12 Months Ended  Basis of Presentation and  Summary of Significant  Accounting Policies (Tables)  Dec. 31, 2022  Accounting Policies  [Abstract]  The changes in the allowance  for credit losses  The changes in the allowance for credit losses were as follows (in thousands):  Al  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  Charge-offs  Recoveries  Provision for credit losses  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  Charge-offs  Recoveries  Provision for credit losses  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue (Tables)

## Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]

Summary of Disaggregation of Revenue

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The following table presents a disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers (in thousands):

| Year Ended Decembe  2022  2021  Payment transaction processing revenue  $  490,377  $  390,703  Other  6,624  4,821  Total revenue  $  497,001  $  395,524   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022  ## Business Combinations (Tables)  Payveris L L C [Member]  Restructuring Cost and  Reserve [Line Items]  Schedule of Assets Acquired  and Liabilities Assumed  The major classes of assets and liabilities to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as foll  Accounts receivable  $  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  Intangible assets, includes software acquired  Property and equipment  Goodwill  Restricted funds held for financial institutions  Financial institution funds in-transit  Accounts payable  Accrued liabilities  Deferred revenue  Total  $  Schedule of Fair Value of  Identified Intangible Assets  and Useful Lives  The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, excep  Fair Value  Customer Relationships  $  26,  Trademarks  3,  Developed Technology  8,  Total  $  38,  Finovera Inc [Member]  Restructuring Cost and  Reserve [Line Items]  Schedule of Assets Acquired  and Liabilities Assumed  The major classes of assets and liabilities to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as foll  Cash  $  Accounts receivable  Intangible assets  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  Goodwill  Accounts payable  Accrued liabilities  Deferred taxes  Total  $  Schedule of Fair Value of  Identified Intangible Assets  and Useful Lives  The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, excep  Fair Value  Developed Technology  $  5,  Customer Relationships  Total  $  6,  PROFIT Financial, Inc.  [Member]  Restructuring Cost and  Reserve [Line Items]  Schedule of Assets Acquired  and Liabilities Assumed  The major classes of assets and liabilities to which the Company has allocated the fair value of purchase consideration were as foll  Cash  $  Intangible assets  Goodwill  Deferred taxes  Total  $  Schedule of Fair Value of Identified Intangible Assets and Useful Lives  The fair values and estimated useful lives of the acquired intangible assets by category were as follows (in thousands, excep  Fair Value  Brand  $  Developed Technology  1,  Total  $  1,   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Property and Equipment,

## Net (Tables)

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract] Schedule of Property and Equipment, Net

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

Property and equipment, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  Computer equipment  $  5,476  Furniture and fixtures  1,672  Leasehold improvements  419  Total property and equipment  7,567  Less:  Accumulated depreciation and amortization  (5,744)  Property and equipment, net  $  1,823   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets (Tables)

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]

Summary of Goodwill by Reporting Unit

Summary of Intangible Assets

Schedule of Expected Future Amortization Expense

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by reporting unit were as follows (in thousands):

United

| States  Other  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  12,303  $  90  Goodwill acquired  (1)  116,216  Foreign currency translation adjustments  -  (  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  128,519  $  89  Goodwill acquired  (1)  2,509  Foreign currency translation adjustments  -  (7  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  131,028  $  82   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) The goodwill acquired in the year ended December 31, 2022 is related to the PROFIT acquisition and the goodwill acquired in year ended December 31, 2021 is Finovera acquisitions. See Note 4.

Intangible assets, net consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31, 2022  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carryi  Amou  Technology  $  22,631  $  (11,965)  $  License  2,503  (2,503)  Customer relationship  33,788  (11,695)  Software  1,212  (661)  Trademark  4,238  (1,531)  Total  $  64,372  $  (28,355)  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Gross  Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Net  Carryi  Amou  Technology  $  20,837  $  (8,655)  $  License  2,652  (2,652)  Customer relationship  33,830  (8,021)  Software  893  (456)  Trademark  4,193  (533)  Total  $  62,405  $  (20,317)  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, future amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  2024  2025  2026  2027  Thereafter  Total future amortization expense  $   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Leases (Tables)

## Leases [Abstract]

Schedule of Components of Lease Cost

Summary of Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related to Leases

Summary of Remaining Lease

Payments under Non-

Cancelable Operating and

Finance Leases

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The components of lease cost were as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended Dece  2022  Operating lease cost  $  2,460  $  Finance lease cost  Depreciation expense  268  Interest on finance lease liabilities  8  Total finance lease cost  276  Short-term lease cost  972  Total lease cost  $  3,708  $   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended Dece  2022  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities  Operating cash flows for operating leases  $  2,103  $  Operating cash flows for finance leases  8  Financing cash flows for finance leases  268  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of operating lease obligations  3,938  Property and equipment obtained in exchange of finance lease obligations  --   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate for the Company's leases were as follows:

| December 3  2022  Weighted-average remaining lease term (years)  Operating leases  6.6  Finance leases  0.2  Weighted-average discount rate  Operating leases  3.24%  Finance leases  3.24%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total remaining lease payments under non-cancelable operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2022 were as f

| Year Ending December 31,  Operating Leases  2023  1,880  2024  1,855  2025  1,845  2026  1,766  2027  1,061  Thereafter  2,663  Total minimum lease payments including interest  $  11,070  $  Less imputed interest  (1,008)  Total lease liabilities  $  10,062  $   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Accrued Liabilities (Tables)

## Accrued Liabilities, Current [Abstract]

## Summary of Accrued

Liabilities

Accrued liabilities consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  Payroll and employee-related expenses  $  9,214  Finance leases and other financing obligations  1,813  Other accrued liabilities  4,782  Total  $  15,809   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

| ## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022  Commitments and  Contingencies (Tables)  Commitments and  Contingencies Disclosure  [Abstract]  Schedule of Future Minimum  Payments for Non Cancellable  Agreements  Future minimum payments under other non-cancellable agreements as of December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands  Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  2024  2025  $   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)

## Share-Based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]

Schedule of Stock Option Activity

Schedule of Stock Option

Grant Using Black-Scholes

Option Pricing Model With

Assumptions

Summary of RSU Activity

Summary of Stock Based Compensation Expense

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

A summary of the Company's option activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows (in thousands, except amounts):

| Weighted  Weighted-  Average  Average  Remainin  Options  Exercise Price  Contractu  Outstanding  per Share  Life  (years  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  6,849,910  $  5.05  Options granted  -  Options exercised  (2,480,516)  0.60  Options forfeited  (213,754)  8.66  Outstanding at December 31, 2022  4,155,640  $  7.52  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  3,280,611  $  7.22   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was estimated using the Black-Schol with the following weighted-average assumptions:

| Year Ended December  2021  Dividend yield  0.0%  Risk-free interest rate  0.3 % - 0.8%  Expected term (in years)  5  Expected volatility  38.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A summary of the Company's RSU activity during the year ended December 31, 2022 was as follows:

| Number of  RSU's Outstanding  Awarded and unvested at December 31, 2021  513,547  $  Awards granted  1,163,428  Awards vested  (121,496)  Awards forfeited  (193,059)  Awarded and unvested at December 31, 2022  1,362,420  $   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Stock-based compensation expense included in the consolidated statements of operations was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Cost of revenue  $  -  $  -  $  Operating expenses  Research and development  1,647  517  Sales and marketing  1,736  280  General and administrative  3,353  2,339  Total stock-based compensation  $  6,736  $  3,136  $   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Income Taxes (Tables)

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)

## Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation

## Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The components of income before income taxes were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  United States  $  (4,579)  $  7,26  Foreign  3,271  3,10  Total  $  (1,308)  $  10,36   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The provision for income taxes consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Current:  Domestic  $  1,303  $  91  Foreign  875  81  Total  2,178  1,72  Deferred:  Domestic  (3,020)  (76  Foreign  47  10  Total  (2,973)  (66  Provision for income taxes  $  (795)  $  1,06   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The effective income tax rate differs from the federal statutory income tax rate applied to the income before provision for incom following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Federal statutory rate  21.0%  21.  State taxes  (40.0)%  4.  Non-deductible executive compensation  (32.4)%  14.  Non-deductible IPO expenses  -%  4.  Other permanent differences  (8.3)%  0.  Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation  675.6%  (41.  Difference in prior year tax filings from provision  (22.6)%  4.  Foreign tax rate differences  0.1%  2.  Valuation Allowance  (542.8)%  Other  10.2%  60.8%  10.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in tho

| De  2022  Deferred tax assets:  Stock-based compensation and other accruals  $  2,80  Federal and state net operating losses  60  Foreign tax credit  82  Operating lease liabilities  4,01  Fixed assets  Capitalized research and development costs  5,56  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)  30  Other  63  Total deferred tax assets  14,74  Valuation allowance  (7,80  Net deferred tax assets  $  6,94  Deferred tax liabilities:  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)  Goodwill  (3,47  Fixed assets  (11  Operating lease right-of-use assets  (3,81  Foregone foreign tax credit  (9  Total deferred tax liabilities  (7,50  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (56  Reported as:  Deferred tax asset (non-current)  $  11  Deferred tax liability (non-current)  (68  Net deferred tax liabilities  $  (56   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock (Tables)

## Earnings Per Share [Abstract]

Schedule of Computation of

Basic and Diluted Net Income

Per Share Attributable to

Common Stock

Schedule of Common Stock Equivalents Excluded from Income (Loss) Per Diluted Share

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock ( share and per share data):

| Year Ended Decemb  2022  2021  Numerator:  Net (loss) income  $  (513)  $  9,30  Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock  -  (2,25  Net (loss) income attributable to common stock  $  (513)  $  7,04  Denominator:  Weighted-average shares of common stock - basic  122,099,437  112,763,26  Dilutive effect of stock options to purchase common stock  -  6,009,89  Dilutive effect of RSUs  -  19,16  Dilutive effect of warrants  -  29,61  Weighted-average shares of common stock - diluted  122,099,437  118,821,92  Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock  Basic  $  -  $  0.0  Diluted  $  -  $  0.0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table summarized the securities that were excluded from the computation of diluted net (loss) income per shar stock as their inclusion would have been antidilutive for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Stock options to purchase common stock  RSUs  Warrants   |
|----------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographic Information (Tables) Segment Reporting [Abstract] Summary of Revenue by

Geographic Area

Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2022

Revenue by geographic area, based on the location of the Company's users, was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended Decemb  2022  2021  United States  $  487,068  $  387,2  Other  9,933  8,2  Total  $  497,001  $  395,5   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets, by geographic area were as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  United States  $  706  Other  1,117  Total  $  1,823   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1 Months Organization and

## Ended 12 Months Ended Description of Business (Details) - USD ($) $ / shares in Units, $ in Thousands May 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter's discounts and commissions $ 0 $ 224,595 $ 0 Proceeds from private placement $ 0 $ 50,000 $ 0

Class A Common Stock [Member]

## Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Common stock, shares issued 19,934,331 17,251,079 Common stock, shares outstanding 19,934,331 17,251,079 Class A Common Stock [Member] | IPO [Member]

## Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Common stock, shares issued

Shares issued, price per share

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter's discounts and commissions

Underwriting discounts and commissions

Direct Offering Expenses

Class A Common Stock [Member] | Over-Allotment Option

[Member]

Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Issuance of shares (in shares)

Class A Common Stock [Member] | Private Placement

[Member]

## Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Common stock, shares issued 2,380,950 Sale of stock, price per share $ 21.00 Proceeds from private placement $ 50,000 Class B Common Stock [Member]

## Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Common stock, shares issued

Common stock, shares outstanding

Class B Common Stock [Member] | IPO [Member]

## Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]

Common stock, shares outstanding 103,479,239

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

11,500,000

$ 21.00

$ 224,600

16,900

$ 2,000

1,500,000

103,306,842103,388,0820

103,306,842103,388,082

| 12 Months Ended  Basis of Presentation and  Summary of Significant  Accounting Policies -  Additional Information  (Details)  May  10,  2021  Dec. 31, 2022  USD ($)  Segment  Dec. 31,  2021  USD ($)  Dec. 31,  2020  USD ($)  Summary Of Significant Accounting  Policies [Line Items]  Stock split ratio  5  Revenue from other Sources  1.3  1.2  1.4  Advertising cost  $ 2,000,000.0  $  1,500,000  $ 500,000  Rebates for Interchange fees  3,000,000.0  2,500,000  Capitalized internal-use software  development costs  29,763,000  19,300,00014,389,000  Amortization expense in cost of  revenue  8,800,000  4,900,000  3,500,000  Amortization expense in operating  expenses  $ 5,900,000  4,500,000  $  3,000,000.0  Number of operating segment |  Segment  3  Cash in custodial account  $ 353,900,000  47,400,000  Impairment of goodwill  0  $ 0  Deferred offering costs related to  additional-paid-in capital  $ 2,000,000.0  Lease descriptions  The Company's leases have remaining  initial lease terms of less than one year to  approximately five years  Lease, Option to Extend  options to extend the leases for up to 4  years, and some of which include options  to terminate the leases.  Computer Equipment [Member]  Summary Of Significant Accounting  Policies [Line Items]  Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful  Life  3 years  Furniture and Fixtures [Member]  Summary Of Significant Accounting  Policies [Line Items]  Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful  Life  5 years  Minimum [Member]  Summary Of Significant Accounting  Policies [Line Items]  Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful  Life  3 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maximum [Member]

Summary Of Significant Accounting

Policies [Line Items]

Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful

Life

Revenue [Member] | Customer

Concentration Risk [Member] |

Minimum [Member]

Summary Of Significant Accounting

Policies [Line Items]

Concentration Risk, Percentage

Accounts Receivable [Member] |

Customer Concentration Risk

[Member] | Minimum [Member]

Summary Of Significant Accounting

Policies [Line Items]

Concentration Risk, Percentage

Accounts Receivable [Member] |

Customer Concentration Risk

[Member] | Maximum [Member]

Summary Of Significant Accounting

Policies [Line Items]

Concentration Risk, Percentage

5 years

10.00%

10.00%

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

10.00%

10.00%

10.00%

10.00%

## 12 Months Ended Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - The changes in the allowance for credit losses (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

## Disclosure of Securitized or Asset-Backed Financing Arrangement Assets and Other Financial Assets Managed Together [Abstract]

Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Beginning Balance $ 102 $ 100 Charge-offs (20) (104) Recoveries 0 0 Provision for credit losses 288 106 Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Ending Balance $ 370 $ 102

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Revenue - Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Reduction in revenue and related contract asset

Contract asset balance

Contract Liabilities

Contract liabilities

Remaining Performance Obligation, aggregate amount of transaction price

Remaining Performance Obligation, percentage

Expected revenue period

$ 2,100

9,700

7,200

4,358

$ 7,200

75.00%

2 years

Fixed consideration related to the future minimum guarantees, contract amount $ 58,200

Acquisitions [Member]

Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Contract liabilities 2,800

Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member]

Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Contract asset balance

Payment Transaction Processing Revenue [Member]

Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Contract Liabilities

Other Long-Term Assets [Member]

Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]

Contract asset balance $ 7,000 $ 3,900

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

2,700

1,000

$ 900

5,600

3,900

2,173

1,700

600

| ## 12 Months Ended Revenue - Summary of Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customer (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  Disaggregation Of Revenue [Line Items]  Revenue  $ 497,001  $ 395,524  $ 301,767  Payment Transaction Processing Revenue [Member]  Disaggregation Of Revenue [Line Items]  Revenue  490,377  390,703  297,494  Other [Member]  Disaggregation Of Revenue [Line Items]  Revenue  $ 6,624  $ 4,821  $ 4,273   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Business Combinations Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 19, 2022 Sep. 02, 2021 Sep. 01, 2021 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Restructuring Cost and Reserve

## [Line Items]

Purchase price of acquisition $ 8,500 Cash purchase price $ 3,260 $ 57,400 $ (290) Common Class A [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Issuance of shares 68,229 Value of shares in acquisition 68,229

Payveris L L C [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Purchase price of acquisition $ 145,500 Cash purchase price $ 85,100 Payveris L L C [Member] | Common Class A [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Number of shares issued for business acquisition 2,364,270 Common stock fair value $ 60,400 Finovera Inc [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Cash $ 5,000 65 Cash purchase price 12,900

Common stock fair value $ 7,900 Finovera Inc [Member] | Common Class A [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Number of shares issued for business acquisition 293,506 Finovera Inc [Member] | Accrued Liabilities [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Cash held back for acquisition closing $ 800 PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Cash $ 3,300 $ 261 Cash purchase price 4,300 Short Term Payable 600 Cash held back for acquisition closing $ 100 Acquisition cost incurred $ 1,700

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Business Combinations Schedule Of Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 19, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Sep. 02, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Business Acquisition [Line Items]

Goodwill

Payveris L L C [Member]

## Business Acquisition [Line Items]

Accounts receivable

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Intangible assets, includes software acquired

Property and equipment

Goodwill

Restricted funds held for financial institutions

Financial institution funds in -transit

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Deferred revenue

Total

Finovera Inc [Member]

## Business Acquisition [Line Items]

Cash

Accounts receivable

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

Intangible assets, includes software acquired

Goodwill

Accounts payable

Accrued liabilities

Deferred taxes

Total

PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member]

## Business Acquisition [Line Items]

Cash

Intangible assets, includes software acquired

Goodwill

Deferred taxes

Total

$ 131,851

1,026

237

38,498

77

108,950

31,459

(31,459)

(194)

(265)

(2,805)

145,524

65

267

39

6,048

7,266

(85)

(72)

(588)

12,940

261

1,873

2,509

(382)

$ 4,261

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 3,300

$ 129,413

$ 5,000

$ 13,205

## 12 Months Ended Business Combinations Schedule Of Fair Values And Estimated Useful Lives Of Intangible Assets (Details) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## $ in Thousands

Payveris L L C [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 38,249 Finovera Inc [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value 6,048 PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 1,873 Customer Relationships [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Estimated useful life 8 years 8 years Customer Relationships [Member] | Payveris L L C [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 26,154 Estimated useful life 8 years Customer Relationships [Member] | Finovera Inc [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 893 Estimated useful life 2 years Trademarks [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Estimated useful life 4 years 4 years Trademarks [Member] | Payveris L L C [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 3,993 Estimated useful life 4 years Developed Technology [Member] | Payveris L L C [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 8,102 Estimated useful life 4 years Developed Technology [Member] | Finovera Inc [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 5,155 Estimated useful life 4 years Developed Technology [Member] | PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member] Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items] Fair value $ 1,828

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Estimated useful life 4 years Brand [Member] | PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member]

## Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Fair value $ 45 Estimated useful life 4 years

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Property and Equipment, Net - Schedule of Property and Equipment, Net (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items]

Total property and equipment

$ 7,567

Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization (5,744)

Property and equipment, net

Computer Equipment [Member]

Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items]

Total property and equipment

Furniture And Fixtures [Member]

Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items]

Total property and equipment

Leasehold Improvements [Member]

Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items]

Total property and equipment

1,823

5,476

1,672

$ 419

$ 6,835

(4,791)

2,044

4,934

1,456

$ 445

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Property and Equipment, Net - Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Millions Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

## Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization $ 1.2 $ 1.1 $ 1.0

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| ## 12 Months Ended Goodwill and Intangible  Assets - Summary of  Goodwill by Reporting Units  (Details) - USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31, 2022  Dec. 31,  2021  Goodwill [Line Items]  Beginning Balance  $ 129,413  $  13,205  Goodwill acquired  [1]  2,509  116,216  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (71)  (8)  Ending Balance  131,851  129,413  United States [Member]  Goodwill [Line Items]  Beginning Balance  128,519  12,303  Goodwill acquired  [1]  2,509  116,216  Foreign currency translation adjustments  0  0  Ending Balance  131,028  128,519  Other [Member]  Goodwill [Line Items]  Beginning Balance  894  902  Goodwill acquired  [1]  0  0  Foreign currency translation adjustments  (71)  (8)  Ending Balance  $ 823  $ 894   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

[1] (1) The goodwill acquired in the year ended December 31, 2022 is related to the PROFIT acquisition and the goodwill acquired in year ended December 31, 2021 is related to the Payveris and Finovera acquisitions. See Note 4.

## 12 Months Ended Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Summary of Intagible Assets (Details) USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Technology [Member]

Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Weighted-Average Useful Life (Years)

License [Member]

Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Customer Relationships [Member]

Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Weighted-Average Useful Life (Years)

Software [Member]

Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Weighted-Average Useful Life (Years)

Trademark [Member]

Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]

Gross Carrying Amount

Accumulated Amortization

Net Carrying Amount

Weighted-Average Useful Life (Years)

$ 64,372

(28,355)

36,017

22,631

(11,965)

$ 10,666

4 years

$ 2,503

(2,503)

0

33,788

(11,695)

$ 22,093

8 years

$ 1,212

(661)

$ 551

3 years

$ 4,238

(1,531)

$ 2,707

4 years

$ 62,405

(20,317)

42,088

20,837

(8,655)

$ 12,182

4 years

$ 2,652

(2,652)

33,830

(8,021)

$ 25,809

8 years

$ 893

(456)

$ 437

3 years

$ 4,193

(533)

$ 3,660

4 years

## 12 Months Ended Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Millions Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]

Amortization of Intangible Assets $ 8.3 $ 2.9 $ 0.6

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets - Schedule of Expected Future Amortization Expense (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

$ in Thousands

## Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]

2023 $ 8,546 2024 8,249 2025 6,756 2026 3,748 2027 3,269 Thereafter 5,449 Total future amortization expense $ 36,017 $ 42,088

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Leases - Additional Information (Details) Dec. 31, 2022

Minimum [Member]

Lessee Lease Description [Line Items]

Operating lease, remaining lease term

Maximum [Member]

Lessee Lease Description [Line Items]

Operating lease, remaining lease term

1 year

5 years

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Leases - Schedule of Components of Lease Cost (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

| Leases [Abstract]  Operating lease cost  $ 2,460  $ 2,847  Depreciation expense  268  272  Interest on finance lease liabilities 8  16  Total finance lease cost  276  288  Short-term lease cost  972  1,063  Total lease cost  $ 3,708  $ 4,198   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| ## 12 Months Ended Leases - Summary of Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related to Leases (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease  liabilities  Operating cash flows for operating leases  $ 2,103  $ 2,755  Operating cash flows for finance lease  8  16  Financing cash flows for finance leases  268  272  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of operating lease  obligations  $ 3,938  $ 2,550  Weighted-average remaining lease term (years), Operating leases  6 years 7 months 6  days  8 years 3 months 18  days  Weighted-average remaining lease term (years), Finance leases  2 months 12 days  1 year 2 months 12  days  Weighted-average discount rate, Operating leases  3.24%  2.82%  Weighted-average discount rate, Finance leases  3.24%  3.24%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Leases - Summary of Remaining Lease Payments under Non-Cancelable Operating and Finance Leases (Details) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 USD ($)

## Operating Leases:

2023 $ 1,880 2024 1,855 2025 1,845 2026 1,766 2027 1,061 Thereafter 2,663 Total minimum lease payments including interest 11,070 Less imputed interest (1,008) Total lease liabilities 10,062

## Finance Leases:

2023 102 2024 0 2025 0 2026 0 2027 0 Thereafter 0 Total minimum lease payments including interest 102 Less imputed interest 0 Total lease liabilities $ 102

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Accrued Liabilities Summary of Accrued Liabilities (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Accrued Liabilities, Current [Abstract]

Payroll and employee-related expenses $ 9,214 $ 8,093 Finance leases and other financing obligations 1,813 2,382 Other accrued liabilities 4,782 2,016 Accrued liabilities $ 15,809 $ 12,491

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Details) - USD ($)  Dec. 31, 2022  Dec.  31,  2021  Dec.  31,  2020   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]

Other commitments, description

The Company has entered into certain non-cancellable agreements for software and marketing services that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum services to be used, pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transaction. Obligations under contracts that are cancellable or with remaining terms of 12 months or less are not included.

Contributions under plan

$ 900,000

$ 0 $ 0

## Commitments and Contingencies - Schedule of Future Minimum Payments for Non Cancellable Agreements (Details) Dec. 31, 2022 USD ($)

## $ in Thousands Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]

2023 $ 4,416 2024 2,965 2025 719 Other commitment $ 8,100

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Equity - Additional  Information (Details) - USD  ($)  $ / shares in Units, $ in  Thousands  Dec. 31, 2022  Aug.  29,  2022  Dec. 31,  2021  May 31,  2021  May  13,  2021  Dec.  31,  2020  ## Class Of Stock [Line Items]  Preferred stock, shares  authorized  5,000,000  5,000,000  Preferred stock, par value  $ 0.0001  $ 0.0001  Common stock, par value  $ 10.10  $ 18.38  Common Stock, Terms of  Conversion  Shares of Class B common stock may be converted to Class A common stock at any time at the option of the stockholder. Shares of Class B common stock automatically convert to Class A common stock upon the following: (i) sale or transfer of such share of Class B common stock; (ii) the death of the Class B common stockholder (or nine months after the date of death if the stockholder is one of the Company's founders); and (iii) on the first trading day on or after the date on which the outstanding shares of Class B common stock represent less than 10% of the then outstanding Class A and Class B common stock. Following the conversion of all outstanding shares of Class B common stock into Class A common stock, no further shares of Class B common stock will be issued.  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 5,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively $ 0 Preferred stock, shares issued 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 Warrant Issue  $ 0  0  0  684,510  509,370   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Fully Vested  588,172  171,128  382,027  Vesting of the Remaining  Shares of the Warrant  513,382  127,343  Class A Common Stock  [Member]  Class Of Stock [Line Items]  Common stock, shares  authorized  883,950,000  883,950,000  Common Stock, Voting Rights one  Common stock, par value  $ 0.0001  $ 0.0001  Common stock, shares issued  19,934,331  17,251,079  Class A Common Stock  [Member] | IPO [Member]  Class Of Stock [Line Items]  Common stock, shares issued  11,500,000  Class B Common Stock  [Member]  Class Of Stock [Line Items]  Common stock, shares  authorized  111,050,000  111,050,000  Common Stock, Voting Rights one  Common stock, par value  $ 0.0001  $ 0.0001  Common stock, shares issued  103,306,842  103,388,082  0  Series A Preferred Stock  [Member]  Class Of Stock [Line Items]  Dividends, Preferred Stock  $ 34,400  Preferred stock, shares issued  0  Preferred stock, shares  outstanding  0  Series A Preferred Stock  [Member] | IPO [Member]  Class Of Stock [Line Items]  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par  value per share, 5,000,000  shares authorized as of  December 31, 2022 and 2021,  respectively; none issued and  outstanding as of December  31, 2022 and 2021,  respectively  $ 57,400   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Stock-Based compensation Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ / shares in Units, $ in Millions May 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Jan. 01, 2023 Jan. 01, 2022 Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] Shares reserved for issuance 14,100,000 Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted $ 3.38 $ 3.71 Options granted in period 0 Aggregate intrinsic value $ 38.5 $ 17.8 Options exercised 2,480,516 Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] Total unrecognized compensation cost $ 22.2 Total unrecognized compensation cost, recognition period 3 years 6 months RSUs vested 121,496 0 Class A Common Stock [Member] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] Shares reserved for issuance 4,900,0004,800,000 Class A &amp; Class B Common Stock [Member] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] Percentage of annual increase of outstanding shares 4.00% Maximum [Member] | Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] RSUs vest over the requisite service period 5 years Minimum [Member] | Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] RSUs vest over the requisite service period 4 years Equity Incentive Plan [Member] Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items] Total unrecognized compensation cost $ 2.3

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Total unrecognized compensation cost, recognition period 1 year 4 months 24 days

Equity Incentive Plan [Member] | Class A

Common Stock [Member]

## Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items]

Shares reserved for issuance 10,459,000 Options granted in period 7,563,990

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Stock-Based compensation Schedule of Stock Option Activity (Details) - USD ($) $ / shares in Units, $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

| Share-Based Payment Arrangement [Abstract] Options Outstanding, Beginning 6,849,910 Options granted 0 Options exercised (2,480,516) Options forfeited (213,754) Options Outstanding, Ending 4,155,640 6,849,910 Options Outstanding, Exercisable 3,280,611 Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning $ 5.05 Weighted Average Exercise Price, Exercised 0.60 Weighted Average Exercise Price, Forfeited 8.66 Weighted Average Exercise Price, Ending 7.52 $ 5.05 Weighted Average Exercise Price, Exercisable $ 7.22 Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years) 5 years 10 months 13 days 4 years 11 months 23 days Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years), Exercisable 5 years 8 months 15 days Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Beginning $ 205,010 Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Ending 4,420 $ 205,010 Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Exercisable $ 4,388   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Stock-Based compensation Schedule of Stock Option Grant Using Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model With Assumptions (Details) Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

## Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items]

Dividend yield 0.00% 0.00%

Expected term (in years) 5 years 5 years Expected volatility, maximum 38.00% 50.00%

Minimum [Member]

## Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items]

Risk-free interest rate 0.30% 0.30%

Maximum

## Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items]

Risk-free interest rate 0.80% 0.40%

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Stock Based Compensation Summary of RSU Activity (Details) - Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member] - $ / shares Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

## Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items]

| Awarded and unvested, Beginning Balance | shares 513,547 Awards, Granted | shares 1,163,428 Awards, Vested | shares (121,496) 0 Awards,Forfeited | shares (193,059) Awarded and unvested, Ending Balance | shares 1,362,420 513,547 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Unvested, Beginning Balance | $ / shares $ 25.93 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Granted | $ / shares 15.28 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Vested | $ / shares 25.97 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Forfeited | $ / shares 17.48 Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Unvested, Ending Balance | $ / shares $ 18.03 $ 25.93   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Stock-Based compensation Summary of Stock Based Compensation Expense (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment

Award [Line Items]

Total stock-based compensation

Cost Of Revenue [Member]

Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment

Award [Line Items]

Total stock-based compensation

Research and Development [Member]

Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment

Award [Line Items]

Total stock-based compensation

Sales and Marketing [Member]

Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment

Award [Line Items]

Total stock-based compensation

General and Administrative [Member]

Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment

Award [Line Items]

Total stock-based compensation

$ 6,736

0

1,647

1,736

$ 3,353

$ 3,136

0

517

280

$ 2,339

$ 1,994

0

27

34

$ 1,933

## 12 Months Ended Income Taxes - Components of Income Before Income Taxes (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

United States $ (4,579) $ 7,265 $ 16,548 Foreign 3,271 3,101 1,816 (Loss) income before income taxes $ (1,308) $ 10,366 $ 18,364

| ## 12 Months Ended Income Taxes - The Provision for Income Taxes (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  Current  Domestic  $ 1,303  $ 915  $ 2,485  Foreign  875  811  534  Total  2,178  1,726  3,019  Deferred  Domestic  (3,020)  (765)  1,583  Foreign  47  105  51  Total  (2,973)  (660)  1,634  Provision for income taxes  $ (795)  $ 1,066  $ 4,653   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Income Taxes - The Income Before Provision for Income Taxes Due (Details) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

| Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]  Federal statutory rate  21.00%  21.00%  21.00%  State taxes  (40.00%)  4.80%  4.30%  Non-deductible executive compensation  (32.40%)  14.30%  Non-deductible IPO expenses  4.50%  Other permanent differences  (8.30%)  0.60%  (0.30%)  Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation  675.60%  (41.60%)  Difference in prior year tax filings from provision (22.60%)  4.30%  0.10%  Foreign tax rate differences  0.10%  2.50%  Valuation Allowance  (542.80%)  Other  10.20%  0.20%  Effective tax rate  60.80%  10.40%  25.30%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Deferred tax assets

## Income Taxes - Significant

## Components of the Company's Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

$ in Thousands

| Stock-based compensation and other accruals  $ 2,806  $ 1,895  Federal and state net operating losses  602  3,919  Foreign tax credit  829  741  Operating lease liabilities  4,015  3,732  Fixed assets  87  Capitalized research and development costs  5,560  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs) 300  Other  635  76  Total deferred tax assets  14,747  10,450  Valuation allowance  (7,804)  (744)  Net deferred tax assets  6,943  9,706  Deferred tax liabilities  Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)  (9,031)  Goodwill  (3,478)  Fixed assets  (119)  (98)  Operating lease right-of-use assets  (3,817)  (3,602)  Foregone foreign tax credit  (93)  (130)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (7,507)  (12,861)  Net deferred tax liabilities  (564)  (3,155)  Deferred tax asset  116  163  Deferred tax liability (non-current)  $ (680)  $ (3,318)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021

| ## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]  Valuation allowance  $ 7,804  $ 744  Non-refundable federal  investment tax credits  Company had an immaterial amount of non-refundable federal investment tax credits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in Canada, which are available to reduce future Canadian taxes and, if unused, begin to expire in 2035.  Company had an immaterial amount of non-refundable federal investment tax credits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 in Canada, which are available to reduce future Canadian taxes and, if unused, begin to expire in 2035.  Tax credit carryforward  expiration year  2035  Unrecognized Tax Benefits  $ 0  $ 0  Undistributed earnings of  foreign operations  6,900  $ 4,800  State  Operating Loss  Carryforwards [Line Items]  Net operating losses  4,400  Federal  ## Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]  Net operating losses  $ 900   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Numerator:

Net income

Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock

Net (loss) income attributable to common stock

Denominator:

Weighter-average shares of common stock - basic

Dilutive effect of stock options to purchase common stock

Dilutive effect of RSUs

Dilutive effect of warrants

Weighter-average shares of common stock - diluted

Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock

Basic

Diluted

| 12 Months Ended  Net Income Per Share  Attributable to Common  Stock - Schedule of  Computation of Basic and  Diluted Net Income Per  Share Attributable to  Common Stock (Details) -  USD ($)  $ / shares in Units, $ in  Thousands  Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

$ (513)

0

$ (513)

122,099,437

0

0

0

122,099,437

$ 0

$ 0

$ 9,300

(2,258)

$ 7,042

112,763,261

6,009,890

19,160

29,614

118,821,925

$ 0.06

$ 0.06

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 13,711

(5,186)

$ 8,525

103,479,239

2,728,644

0

0

106,207,883

$ 0.08

$ 0.08

## 12 Months Ended Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock - Schedule of Common Stock Equivalents Excluded from Income (Loss) Per Diluted Share (Details) Dec. 31, 2022 shares

Stock Options To Purchase Common stock [Member]

Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Antidilutive securities 5,335,115 RSUs [Member]

Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Antidilutive securities 996,256 Warrants [Member]

Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Antidilutive securities 456,602

<!-- image -->

## 12 Months Ended Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock - Additional Information (Details) shares Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

## Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line

## Options, RSUs and Warrants [Member] Items]

Antidilutive securities 0 0

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Geographic Information -  Summary of Revenue by  Geographic Area (Details) -  USD ($)  $ in Thousands  Dec. 31,  2022  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line  Items]  Revenue  $ 497,001  $ 395,524  $ 301,767  United States [Member]  Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line  Items]  Revenue  487,068  387,242  295,761  Other [Member]  Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line  Items]  Revenue  $ 9,933  $ 8,282  $ 6,006   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Geographic Information Summary of Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas (Details) - USD ($) $ in Thousands Dec. 31, 2022Dec. 31, 2021

## Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line Items]

Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets $ 1,823 $ 2,044 United States [Member]

## Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line Items]

Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets 706 588 Other [Member]

## Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line Items]

Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets $ 1,117 $ 1,456

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 1 Months Ended 9 Months Ended Related Party Transactions Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Millions Sep. 06, 2011 Sep. 30, 2021 Dec. 31, 2022 Dec. 31, 2021 Mar. 16, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Loan Principal and Interest Due and Payable

Date

Payment of loan

Series A Preferred Stock [Member]

Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Number of shares pledged as security for loan 805

Common Shares [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Principal amount of loan as reduction to additional paid-in capital

$ 0.8

Number of shares pledged as security for loan 1,788,205

Chief Executive Officer [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Issued a loan to related party $ 0.8 Loan Interest Rate 2.00% Payment of loan 0.8 Aggregate compensation $ 0.3 $ 0.2 $ 0.2 Accrued interest $ 0.2

Vice President [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Aggregate compensation $ 0.3 $ 0.3 $ 0.3

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Sep. 06,

2026

$ 1.0

## 3 Months Ended Subsequent Events Additional Information (Details) - USD ($) $ in Millions Sep. 01, 2021 Dec. 31, 2021

Subsequent Event [Line Items]

Cash payment to acquire business, gross

Payveris LLC [Member]

Subsequent Event [Line Items]

Cash payment to acquire business, gross $ 145.5

Copyright © 2023 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$ 8.5

{

"instance": {

<!-- image -->

"unitRef": "U\_USD",

<!-- image -->

```
"longName": "100380 - Disclosure - Accrued Liabilities (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "30", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesTables", "shortName": "Accrued Liabilities (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R31": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "pay:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100390 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "31", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables", "shortName": "Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "pay:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R32": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100400 - Disclosure - Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "32", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationTables", "shortName": "Stock-Based Compensation (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R33": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100410 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "33", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables", "shortName": "Income Taxes (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R34": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100420 - Disclosure - Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "34", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockTables", "shortName": "Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R35": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100430 - Disclosure - Geographic Information (Tables)", "menuCat": "Tables", "order": "35", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationTables", "shortName": "Geographic Information (Tables)", "subGroupType": "tables", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R36": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100440 - Disclosure - Organization and Description of Business (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "36", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "shortName": "Organization and Description of Business (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_4df654e2-276f-4267-b806-ccce8a6a043c", "decimals": "2", "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:SharesIssuedPricePerShare", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_UnitedStatesOfAmericaDollarsShare", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R37": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock", "div", "us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_e3094a31-4046-4412-b54a-7481888111eb", "decimals": "0", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_pure", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100450 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "37", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock", "div", "us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_e3094a31-4046-4412-b54a-7481888111eb", "decimals": "0", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_pure", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R38": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "ix:continuation", "div", "us-gaap:TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy", "div", "us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_9ced442e-7976-4ccf-accd-bcae06f9741b", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100460 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - The changes in the allowance for credit losses (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "38", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTheChangesInTheAllowanceForCreditLossesDetails", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies - The changes in the allowance for credit losses (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "ix:continuation", "div", "us-gaap:TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy", "div", "us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_3c097ee2-bb11-4470-91c4-4d5da6c67840", "decimals": "-3", "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R39": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-5", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerLiabilityChangeInTimeframePerformanceObligationSatisfiedRevenueRecognized", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100470 - Disclosure - Revenue - Additional Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "39", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails", "shortName": "Revenue - Additional Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-5", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:ContractWithCustomerLiabilityChangeInTimeframePerformanceObligationSatisfiedRevenueRecognized", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R4": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100070 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "4", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations", "shortName": "Consolidated Statements of Operations", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:CostOfRevenue", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R40": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100480 - Disclosure - Revenue - Summary of Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customer (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "40", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails", "shortName": "Revenue - Summary of Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customer (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock", "div", "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_ad44cc28-3ce4-4736-9cc8-006ea11401c5", "decimals": "-3", "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false"
```

}

},

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

```
"table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:ProfitLoss", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "statement", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100130 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows", "menuCat": "Statements", "order": "7", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "shortName": "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:ProfitLoss", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R70": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_3279b89d-6ae2-4109-82d1-64bfc459b15b", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_shares", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100790 - Disclosure - Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock - Additional Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "70", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails", "shortName": "Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock - Additional Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_3279b89d-6ae2-4109-82d1-64bfc459b15b", "decimals": "INF", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_shares", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R71": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100800 - Disclosure - Geographic Information - Summary of Revenue by Geographic Area (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "71", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails", "shortName": "Geographic Information - Summary of Revenue by Geographic Area (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock", "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_8fe6075a-caba-4151-82dd-4745fae542ff", "decimals": "-3", "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R72": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_19f1aa20-df5e-4866-91c3-479f7fc798ab", "decimals": "-3", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100810 - Disclosure - Geographic Information - Summary of Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "72", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "shortName": "Geographic Information - Summary of Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "td", "tr", "table", "us-gaap:LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock", "div", "us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_ff90a4d0-8e6d-412a-82d8-cf7fe68efc82", "decimals": "-3", "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R73": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_99585da7-66a9-4cc1-9b04-af4c48b42e90", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "pay:LoanPrincipalAndInterestDueAndPayableDate", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100820 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "73", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails", "shortName": "Related Party Transactions - Additional Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_99585da7-66a9-4cc1-9b04-af4c48b42e90", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "pay:LoanPrincipalAndInterestDueAndPayableDate", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R74": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "span", "p", "us-gaap:BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock", "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_9d6183f4-16a8-4a79-994f-91547ac95faf", "decimals": "-5", "first": true, "lang": null, "name": "us-gaap:PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross", "reportCount": 1, "unitRef": "U_USD", "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100830 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events - Additional Information (Details)", "menuCat": "Details", "order": "74", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "shortName": "Subsequent Events - Additional Information (Details)", "subGroupType": "details", "uniqueAnchor": null }, "R8": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100140 - Disclosure - Organization and Description of Business", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "8", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusiness", "shortName": "Organization and Description of Business", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } }, "R9": { "firstAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" }, "groupType": "disclosure", "isDefault": "false", "longName": "100150 - Disclosure - Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies", "menuCat": "Notes", "order": "9", "role": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies", "shortName": "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies", "subGroupType": "", "uniqueAnchor": { "ancestors": [ "div", "body", "html" ], "baseRef": "pay-20221231.htm", "contextRef": "C_50fb1ed0-a805-419d-804c-49a0cd6fb0c2", "decimals": null, "first": true, "lang": "en-US", "name": "us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "reportCount": 1, "unique": true, "unitRef": null, "xsiNil": "false" } } }, "segmentCount": 58, "tag": { "country_US": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "UNITED STATES", "terseLabel": "United States", "verboseLabel": "United States [Member]" } } }, "localname": "US", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "dei_AmendmentFlag": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.", "label": "Amendment Flag", "terseLabel": "Amendment Flag" } } }, "localname": "AmendmentFlag", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_AuditorFirmId": { "auth_ref": [ "r635", "r636", "r637" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "PCAOB issued Audit Firm Identifier", "label": "Auditor Firm ID" } } }, "localname": "AuditorFirmId", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "nonemptySequenceNumberItemType" }, "dei_AuditorLocation": { "auth_ref": [ "r635", "r636", "r637" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Auditor Location" } } }, "localname": "AuditorLocation", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "internationalNameItemType" }, "dei_AuditorName": { "auth_ref": [ "r635", "r636", "r637" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Auditor Name" } } }, "localname": "AuditorName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "internationalNameItemType" }, "dei_CityAreaCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Area code of city", "label": "City Area Code", "terseLabel": "City Area Code" } } }, "localname": "CityAreaCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_CoverAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cover page.", "label": "Cover [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CoverAbstract", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.", "label": "Current Fiscal Year End Date", "terseLabel": "Current Fiscal Year End Date" } } }, "localname": "CurrentFiscalYearEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "gMonthDayItemType" }, "dei_DocumentAnnualReport": { "auth_ref": [ "r635", "r636", "r637" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.", "label": "Document Annual Report" } } }, "localname": "DocumentAnnualReport", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.", "label": "Document Fiscal Period Focus", "terseLabel": "Document Fiscal Period Focus" } } }, "localname": "DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "fiscalPeriodItemType" }, "dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.", "label": "Document Fiscal Year Focus", "terseLabel": "Document Fiscal Year Focus" } } }, "localname": "DocumentFiscalYearFocus", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "gYearItemType" }, "dei_DocumentInformationLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": {
```

```
"en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Document Information [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DocumentInformationLineItems", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_DocumentInformationTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Container to support the formal attachment of each official or unofficial, public or private document as part of a submission package.", "label": "Document Information [Table]" } } }, "localname": "DocumentInformationTable", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.", "label": "Document Period End Date", "terseLabel": "Document Period End Date" } } }, "localname": "DocumentPeriodEndDate", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "dei_DocumentTransitionReport": { "auth_ref": [ "r638" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.", "label": "Document Transition Report", "terseLabel": "Document Transition Report" } } }, "localname": "DocumentTransitionReport", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_DocumentType": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.", "label": "Document Type", "terseLabel": "Document Type" } } }, "localname": "DocumentType", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "submissionTypeItemType" }, "dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r633" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Documents incorporated by reference.", "label": "Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Documents Incorporated by Reference" } } }, "localname": "DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line One", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Address Line One" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine1", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressAddressLine2": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Address Line 2 such as Street or Suite number", "label": "Entity Address, Address Line Two", "terseLabel": "Entity Address Address Line2" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressAddressLine2", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the City or Town", "label": "Entity Address, City or Town", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, City or Town" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressCityOrTown", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Code for the postal or zip code", "label": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, Postal Zip Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressPostalZipCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the state or province.", "label": "Entity Address, State or Province", "terseLabel": "Entity Address, State or Province" } } }, "localname": "EntityAddressStateOrProvince", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "stateOrProvinceItemType" }, "dei_EntityCentralIndexKey": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.", "label": "Entity Central Index Key", "terseLabel": "Entity Central Index Key" } } }, "localname": "EntityCentralIndexKey", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "centralIndexKeyItemType" }, "dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.", "label": "Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding", "terseLabel": "Entity Common Stock Shares Outstanding" } } }, "localname": "EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.", "label": "Entity Current Reporting Status", "terseLabel": "Entity Current Reporting Status" } } }, "localname": "EntityCurrentReportingStatus", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType" }, "dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.", "label": "Entity Emerging Growth Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Emerging Growth Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityEmergingGrowthCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r641" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate if an emerging growth company has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards.", "label": "Entity Ex Transition Period" } } }, "localname": "EntityExTransitionPeriod", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityFileNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.", "label": "Securities Act File Number", "terseLabel": "Entity File Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityFileNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "fileNumberItemType" }, "dei_EntityFilerCategory": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.", "label": "Entity Filer Category", "terseLabel": "Entity Filer Category" } } }, "localname": "EntityFilerCategory", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "filerCategoryItemType" }, "dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.", "label": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code", "terseLabel": "Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code" } } }, "localname": "EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "edgarStateCountryItemType" }, "dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r639" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).", "label": "Entity Interactive Data Current", "terseLabel": "Entity Interactive Data Current" } } }, "localname": "EntityInteractiveDataCurrent", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType" }, "dei_EntityPublicFloat": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.", "label": "Entity Public Float" } } }, "localname": "EntityPublicFloat", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "dei_EntityRegistrantName": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.", "label": "Entity Registrant Name", "terseLabel": "Entity Registrant Name" } } }, "localname": "EntityRegistrantName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_EntityShellCompany": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.", "label": "Entity Shell Company", "terseLabel": "Entity Shell Company" } } }, "localname": "EntityShellCompany", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntitySmallBusiness": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).", "label": "Entity Small Business", "terseLabel": "Entity Small Business" } } }, "localname": "EntitySmallBusiness", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r632" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.", "label": "Entity Tax Identification Number", "terseLabel": "Entity Tax Identification Number" } } }, "localname": "EntityTaxIdentificationNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "employerIdItemType" }, "dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.", "label": "Entity Voluntary Filers" } } }, "localname": "EntityVoluntaryFilers", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType" }, "dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer": { "auth_ref": [ "r640" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.", "label": "Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer" } } }, "localname": "EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "yesNoItemType" }, "dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag": { "auth_ref": [ "r635", "r636", "r637" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag" } } }, "localname": "IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "booleanItemType" }, "dei_LocalPhoneNumber": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Local phone number for entity.", "label": "Local Phone Number", "terseLabel": "Local Phone Number" } } }, "localname": "LocalPhoneNumber", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "normalizedStringItemType" }, "dei_Security12bTitle": { "auth_ref": [ "r631" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Title of a 12(b) registered security.", "label": "Title of 12(b) Security", "terseLabel": "Title of 12(b) Security" } } }, "localname": "Security12bTitle", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "securityTitleItemType" }, "dei_SecurityExchangeName": { "auth_ref": [ "r634" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.", "label": "Security Exchange Name", "terseLabel": "Security Exchange Name" } } }, "localname": "SecurityExchangeName", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "edgarExchangeCodeItemType" }, "dei_TradingSymbol": { "auth_ref": [],
```

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.", "label": "Trading Symbol", "terseLabel": "Trading Symbol" } } }, "localname": "TradingSymbol", "nsuri": "http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "tradingSymbolItemType" }, "pay\_AccruedFinanceLeasesAndOtherFinancingObligations": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accrued Finance Leases and Other Financing Obligations", "label": "Accrued Finance Leases and Other Financing Obligations", "terseLabel": "Finance leases and other financing obligations" } } }, "localname": "AccruedFinanceLeasesAndOtherFinancingObligations", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_AdditionsOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Additions Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset", "label": "Additions Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset", "terseLabel": "Additional operating lease, right-of-use asset" } } }, "localname": "AdditionsOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_AutomobileMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Automobile [Member]", "label": "Automobile [Member]" } } }, "localname": "AutomobileMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_BrandMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Brand [Member]", "label": "Brand [Member]", "terseLabel": "Brand [Member]" } } }, "localname": "BrandMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAccruedLiabilities": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": -1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Accrued Liabilities", "label": "Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Accrued Liabilities", "negatedLabel": "Accrued liabilities", "terseLabel": "Accrued liabilities" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAccruedLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxCurrent": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Business combination, recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, deferred tax, current.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Deferred Tax, Current", "negatedLabel": "Deferred taxes", "terseLabel": "Deferred taxes" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDeferredTaxCurrent", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedFinancialInstitutionFundsInTransit": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Financial Institution Funds In Transit", "label": "Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Financial Institution Funds In Transit", "negatedLabel": "Financial institution funds in -transit", "terseLabel": "Financial institution funds in -transit", "verboseLabel": "Financial institution funds in -transit" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedFinancialInstitutionFundsInTransit", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedRestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutions": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Business combination recognized identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed restricted funds held for financial institutions", "label": "Business Combination Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired And Liabilities Assumed Restricted Funds Held For Financial Institutions", "terseLabel": "Restricted funds held for financial institutions" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedRestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutions", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_CashHeldBackForAcquisitionClosing": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cash Held Back for Acquisition Closing", "label": "Cash Held Back for Acquisition Closing", "terseLabel": "Cash held back for acquisition closing" } } }, "localname": "CashHeldBackForAcquisitionClosing", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_CashPaidForAmountsIncludedInMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilitiesAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cash Paid For Amounts Included In Measurement Of Lease Liabilities Abstract.", "label": "Cash Paid For Amounts Included In Measurement Of Lease Liabilities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "CashPaidForAmountsIncludedInMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "pay\_ChangeInEquityValuation": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Change in equity valuation.", "label": "Change In Equity Valuation", "terseLabel": "Change in equity valuation" } } }, "localname": "ChangeInEquityValuation", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_ChangeInEstimateOfWarrantsExpectedToVest": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Change in estimate of warrants expected to vest", "label": "Change in estimate of warrants expected to vest", "terseLabel": "Change in estimate of warrants expected to vest" } } }, "localname": "ChangeInEstimateOfWarrantsExpectedToVest", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_ClassAAndClassBCommonStockMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Class A and class B common stock.", "label": "Class A And Class B Common Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Class A &amp;amp; Class B Common Stock [Member]" } } }, "localname": "ClassAAndClassBCommonStockMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_CommonStockClassUndefinedMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Common Stock Class Undefined [Member]", "label": "Common Stock Class Undefined [Member]", "terseLabel": "Class Undefined Common Stock [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockClassUndefinedMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_CostOfRevenueMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cost of revenue.", "label": "Cost Of Revenue [Member]", "terseLabel": "Cost Of Revenue [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CostOfRevenueMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_CostOfRevenuePolicyTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Cost of Revenue", "label": "Cost of Revenue [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Cost of Revenue" } } }, "localname": "CostOfRevenuePolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay\_CustodialAccountsPolicyTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for custodial accounts.", "label": "Custodial Accounts Policy [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Custodial Accounts" } } }, "localname": "CustodialAccountsPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredIncomeTaxes": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred income taxes.", "label": "Deferred Income Taxes", "terseLabel": "Deferred income taxes" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxes", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredOfferingCostsRelatedToAdditionalPaidInCapital": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred offering costs related to additional-paid-in capital.", "label": "Deferred Offering Costs Related To Additional Paid In Capital", "terseLabel": "Deferred offering costs related to additional-paid-in capital" } } }, "localname": "DeferredOfferingCostsRelatedToAdditionalPaidInCapital", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedInternalUseSoftwareDevelopmentCosts": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred Tax Assets, Capitalized Internal-Use Software Development Costs", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Capitalized Internal-Use Software Development Costs", "terseLabel": "Capitalized research and development costs" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedInternalUseSoftwareDevelopmentCosts", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLeaseLiabilities": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred tax assets operating lease liabilities.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets Operating Lease Liabilities", "terseLabel": "Operating lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLeaseLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesForegoneForeignTaxCredit": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred tax liabilities foregone foreign tax credit.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities Foregone Foreign Tax Credit", "negatedLabel": "Foregone foreign tax credit" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesForegoneForeignTaxCredit", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssets": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred tax liabilities operating lease right of use assets.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities Operating Lease Right of Use Assets", "negatedLabel": "Operating lease right-of-use assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssets", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesResearchAndDevelopmentTaxCreditCarryForward": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Deferred tax liabilities research and development tax credit carry forward.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities Research and Development Tax Credit Carry Forward", "negatedLabel": "Research and development tax credit carry forward" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesResearchAndDevelopmentTaxCreditCarryForward", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_DifferenceInPriorYearTaxFilingsFromProvision": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Difference in prior year tax filings from provision", "label": "Difference in prior year tax filings from provision", "terseLabel": "Difference in prior year tax filings from provision" } } }, "localname": "DifferenceInPriorYearTaxFilingsFromProvision", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "pay\_DirectOfferingExpenses": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Direct Offering Expenses", "label": "Direct Offering Expenses" } } }, "localname": "DirectOfferingExpenses", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_EquityIncentivePlanMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": {

"documentation": "Equity incentive plan.",

"label": "Equity Incentive Plan [Member]",

"terseLabel": "Equity Incentive Plan [Member]" } } }, "localname": "EquityIncentivePlanMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_ExcessTaxBenefitOnStockBasedCompensation": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation", "label": "Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation", "negatedLabel": "Excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation" } } }, "localname": "ExcessTaxBenefitOnStockBasedCompensation", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "pay\_FinanceLeaseCostAbstract1": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Finance lease cost", "label": "Finance Lease Cost Abstract1", "terseLabel": "Finance lease cost" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseCostAbstract1", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "pay\_FinanceLeaseCostTotal": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LeaseCost", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total finance lease cost", "label": "Finance Lease Cost Total", "totalLabel": "Total finance lease cost" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseCostTotal", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingAfterYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Finance lease liability Payments Due in rolling after year four.", "label": "Finance Lease Liability Payments Due In Rolling After Year Four", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingAfterYearFour", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_FinancialInstitutionFundInTransit": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financial Institution fund in transit", "label": "Financial Institution fund in transit", "terseLabel": "Financial institution funds in-transit" } } }, "localname": "FinancialInstitutionFundInTransit", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_FinancialInstitutionFundsInTransit": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Financial institution funds in-transit", "label": "Financial Institution Funds In-Transit", "terseLabel": "Financial institution funds- in transit" } } }, "localname": "FinancialInstitutionFundsInTransit", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Finite lived intangible assets amortization expense after year four.", "label": "Finite Lived Intangible Assets Amortization Expense After Year Four", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFour", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_FinoveraIncMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Finovera, Inc. [Member]", "label": "Finovera Inc [Member]", "terseLabel": "Finovera, Inc. [Member]" } } }, "localname": "FinoveraIncMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_ForeignTaxCredit": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Foreign tax credit", "label": "Foreign tax credit", "terseLabel": "Foreign tax credit" } } }, "localname": "ForeignTaxCredit", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_FullyVested": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fully Vested.", "label": "Fully Vested", "terseLabel": "Fully Vested" } } }, "localname": "FullyVested", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "pay\_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseLiabilities": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 12.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Increase decrease in operating lease liabilities.", "label": "Increase Decrease In Operating Lease Liabilities", "terseLabel": "Operating lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingLeaseLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToRestrictedStockUnits": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe1": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding", "weight": 1.0 } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Incremental Common Shares Attributable To Restricted Stock Units", "label": "Incremental Common Shares Attributable To Restricted Stock Units", "terseLabel": "Dilutive effect of RSUs" } } }, "localname": "IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToRestrictedStockUnits", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "pay\_IntangiblesAcquiredThroughOtherFinancingObligations": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Intangibles acquired through other financing obligations", "label": "Intangibles Acquired Through Other Financing Obligations", "terseLabel": "Intangibles acquired through other financing obligations" } } }, "localname": "IntangiblesAcquiredThroughOtherFinancingObligations", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_IssuanceOfWarrant": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Issuance of Warrant", "label": "Issuance of Warrant", "terseLabel": "Issuance of warrant and change in estimate of warrants expected to vest" } } }, "localname": "IssuanceOfWarrant", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_LesseeOperatingLeaseAndFinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Lessee Operating Lease and Finance Lease Liability Maturity [Table Text Block]", "label": "Lessee Operating Lease and Finance Lease Liability Maturity [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Remaining Lease Payments under Non-Cancelable Operating and Finance Leases" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseAndFinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay\_LesseeOperatingLeaseCommencementYear": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Operating lease commencement year", "label": "Lessee Operating Lease Commencement Year", "terseLabel": "Operating lease commencement year" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseCommencementYear", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "gYearItemType" }, "pay\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterRollingYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Lessee operating lease liability payments due after rolling year four.", "label": "Lessee Operating Lease Liability Payments Due After Rolling Year Four", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterRollingYearFour", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_LoanPrincipalAndInterestDueAndPayableDate": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The loan principal and interest due and payable Date", "label": "Loan Principal And Interest Due And Payable Date", "terseLabel": "Loan Principal and Interest Due and Payable Date" } } }, "localname": "LoanPrincipalAndInterestDueAndPayableDate", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "pay\_NonCashLeaseExpense": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Non Cash Lease Expense.", "label": "Non Cash Lease Expense", "terseLabel": "Non-cash lease expense" } } }, "localname": "NonCashLeaseExpense", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_NonCompeteMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Non compete.", "label": "Non Compete [Member]", "terseLabel": "Non Compete [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Non-Compete [Member]" } } }, "localname": "NonCompeteMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_NonDeductibleExecutiveCompensation": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Non deductible executive compensation", "label": "Non deductible executive compensation", "terseLabel": "Non-deductible executive compensation" } } }, "localname": "NonDeductibleExecutiveCompensation", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "pay\_NonDeductibleIpoExpenses": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Non deductible IPO expenses", "label": "Non deductible IPO expenses", "terseLabel": "Non-deductible IPO expenses" } } }, "localname": "NonDeductibleIpoExpenses", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "pay\_NonRefundableFederalInvestmentTaxCredits": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Non Refundable Federal Investment Tax Credits", "label": "Non Refundable Federal Investment Tax Credits", "terseLabel": "Non-refundable federal investment tax credits" } } }, "localname": "NonRefundableFederalInvestmentTaxCredits", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "pay\_NumberOfSharesPledgedAsSecurityForLoan": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares pledged as security for loan.", "label": "Number Of Shares Pledged As Security For Loan", "terseLabel": "Number of shares pledged as security for loan" } } }, "localname": "NumberOfSharesPledgedAsSecurityForLoan", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "pay\_OptionsRsusAndWarrantsMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Options, RSUs, Warrants [Member]", "label": "Options, RSUs and Warrants [Member]", "terseLabel": "Options, RSUs and Warrants [Member]" } } }, "localname": "OptionsRsusAndWarrantsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_OtherCommitmentToBePaidAfterYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other commitment to be paid after year four.", "label": "Other Commitment To Be Paid After Year Four", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentToBePaidAfterYearFour", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay\_OtherGeographicalAreaMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other Geographical Area Member", "label": "Other Geographical Area [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other", "verboseLabel": "Other [Member]" } } }, "localname": "OtherGeographicalAreaMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay\_OtherMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other Member", "label": "Other [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "OtherMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" },

"pay\_OtherPermanentDifferences": {

"auth\_ref": [],

```
"lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Other permanent differences", "label": "Other permanent differences", "terseLabel": "Other permanent differences" } } }, "localname": "OtherPermanentDifferences", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "pay_PaymentOfDeferredOfferingCosts": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Payment of deferred offering costs.", "label": "Payment Of Deferred Offering Costs", "negatedLabel": "Payments of deferred offering costs" } } }, "localname": "PaymentOfDeferredOfferingCosts", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_PaymentOfDividendsOnSeriesAPreferredStockInConnectionWithRedemptionUponInitialPublicOffering": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Payment of Dividends on Series A Preferred Stock in Connection With Redemption Upon Initial Public Offering", "label": "Payment of Dividends on Series A Preferred Stock in Connection With Redemption Upon Initial Public Offering", "terseLabel": "Payment of dividends on Series A preferred stock in connection with redemption upon initial public offering" } } }, "localname": "PaymentOfDividendsOnSeriesAPreferredStockInConnectionWithRedemptionUponInitialPublicOffering", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_PaymentTransactionProcessingRevenueMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Payment transaction processing revenue Member", "label": "Payment Transaction Processing Revenue [Member]", "terseLabel": "Payment Transaction Processing Revenue [Member]" } } }, "localname": "PaymentTransactionProcessingRevenueMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_PaymentsOnFinanceLeases": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 9.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Payments on finance leases.", "label": "Payments On Finance Leases", "negatedLabel": "Payments on finance leases" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsOnFinanceLeases", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_PaymentsToAcquireOtherIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Payments to acquire other intangible assets.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Other Intangible Assets", "negatedLabel": "Other intangible assets acquired" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquireOtherIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_PayverisLLCMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Payveris LLC [Member]", "label": "Payveris L L C [Member]", "terseLabel": "Payveris LLC [Member]" } } }, "localname": "PayverisLLCMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_PercentageOfAnnualIncreaseOfOutstandingShares": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of annual increase of outstanding shares.", "label": "Percentage of annual increase of outstanding shares", "terseLabel": "Percentage of annual increase of outstanding shares" } } }, "localname": "PercentageOfAnnualIncreaseOfOutstandingShares", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "pay_PreferredStockRedemptionShare": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Preferred Stock Redemption , Share", "label": "Preferred Stock Redemption , Share", "terseLabel": "Redemption of Series A preferred stock in connection with initial public offering , Share" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockRedemptionShare", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "pay_PreferredStockUndeclaredDividend": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic", "weight": -1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Preferred stock undeclared dividend.", "label": "Preferred Stock Undeclared Dividend", "negatedLabel": "Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock", "terseLabel": "Undeclared dividends on Series A preferred stock" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockUndeclaredDividend", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_PrepaidInsuranceFundedThroughShortTermBorrowings": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Prepaid Insurance Funded Through Short Term Borrowings", "label": "Prepaid Insurance Funded Through Short Term Borrowings", "terseLabel": "Prepaid insurance funded through short-term borrowings" } } }, "localname": "PrepaidInsuranceFundedThroughShortTermBorrowings", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_PrincipalAmountOfLoanAsReductionToAdditionalPaidInCapital": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Principal amount of loan as reduction to additional paid-in capital.", "label": "Principal amount of loan as reduction to additional paid-in capital", "terseLabel": "Principal amount of loan as reduction to additional paid-in capital" } } }, "localname": "PrincipalAmountOfLoanAsReductionToAdditionalPaidInCapital", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_ProfitFinancialIncMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member]", "label": "PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member]", "terseLabel": "PROFIT Financial, Inc. [Member]" } } }, "localname": "ProfitFinancialIncMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_PropertyAndEquipmentAcquiredThroughFinanceLeaseLiabilities": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Property and equipment acquired through finance lease liabilities", "label": "Property And Equipment Acquired Through Finance Lease Liabilities", "terseLabel": "Property and equipment acquired through finance lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "PropertyAndEquipmentAcquiredThroughFinanceLeaseLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_RedemptionOfSeriesAPreferredStockInConnectionWithInitialPublicOfferingValue": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Redemption of Series A preferred stock in connection with initial public offering , Value", "label": "Redemption of Series A preferred stock in connection with initial public offering , Value" } } }, "localname": "RedemptionOfSeriesAPreferredStockInConnectionWithInitialPublicOfferingValue", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_RestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutions": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Restricted funds held for financial institutions", "label": "Restricted Funds Held For Financial Institutions", "terseLabel": "Restricted funds for financial institutions" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutions", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_RestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutionsAndFinancialInstitutionFundsInTransitPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Restricted funds held for financial institutions and financial institution funds-in transit", "label": "Restricted Funds Held For Financial Institutions And Financial Institution Funds-In Transit [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Restricted funds held for financial institutions and financial institution funds-in transit" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutionsAndFinancialInstitutionFundsInTransitPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay_RestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutionsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Restricted Funds Held For Financial Institutions [Member]", "label": "Restricted Funds Held For Financial Institutions [Member]", "terseLabel": "Restricted funds held for financial institutions [Member]" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedFundsHeldForFinancialInstitutionsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_RestrictedFundsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Restricted funds", "label": "Restricted funds [Member]", "terseLabel": "Restricted Cash [Member]" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedFundsMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_RetirementOfTreasuryStockInConnectionWithInitialPublicOffering": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Retirement of treasury stock in connection with initial public offering", "label": "Retirement of treasury stock in connection with initial public offering" } } }, "localname": "RetirementOfTreasuryStockInConnectionWithInitialPublicOffering", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_RevenueFromOtherSources": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Revenue from other Sources", "label": "Revenue from other Sources" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromOtherSources", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "pureItemType" }, "pay_RevenueRecognizedExpectedPeriod": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Revenue recognized expected period.", "label": "Revenue Recognized Expected Period", "terseLabel": "Expected revenue period" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRecognizedExpectedPeriod", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "pay_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalRelatedToLeasesDisclosuresTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of cash flow supplemental related to leases disclosures.", "label": "Schedule of Cash Flow Supplemental Related to Leases Disclosures [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Supplemental Cash Flow Information Related to Leases" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalRelatedToLeasesDisclosuresTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureLeasesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule Of Future Minimum Payments For Non Cancellable Agreements", "label": "Schedule Of Future Minimum Payments For Non Cancellable Agreements Table [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Future Minimum Payments for Non Cancellable Agreements" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay_SoftwareMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Software.", "label": "Software [Member]", "terseLabel": "Software [Member]" } } }, "localname": "SoftwareMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.", "label": "Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "pay_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for significant accounting policies.", "label": "Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies Policy [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" } } }, "localname": "SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.", "label": "Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table]", "terseLabel": "Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies [Table]" } } }, "localname": "SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTable", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "pay_SummaryOfWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAndDiscountRate": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Summary of Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate", "label": "Summary of Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate", "terseLabel": "Summary of Weighted-average remaining lease term and discount rate table text block" } } }, "localname": "SummaryOfWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAndDiscountRate", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureLeasesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "pay_TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationYear": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": {
```

"en-us": {

"role": {

```
"documentation": "Tax credit carryforward expiration year.", "label": "Tax Credit Carryforward Expiration Year", "terseLabel": "Tax credit carryforward expiration year" } } }, "localname": "TaxCreditCarryforwardExpirationYear", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "gYearItemType" }, "pay_TechnologyMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Technology.", "label": "Technology [Member]", "terseLabel": "Technology [Member]" } } }, "localname": "TechnologyMember", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "pay_TotalPaymentOfOutstandingLoanAndInterest": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total Payment of Outstanding Loan and Interest paid", "label": "Total Payment Of Outstanding Loan And Interest", "terseLabel": "Payment of loan" } } }, "localname": "TotalPaymentOfOutstandingLoanAndInterest", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_UnderwritingDiscountsAndCommissions": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Underwriting discounts and commissions.", "label": "Underwriting Discounts And Commissions", "terseLabel": "Underwriting discounts and commissions" } } }, "localname": "UnderwritingDiscountsAndCommissions", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "pay_VestingOfRemainingShares": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Vesting of the remaining shares.", "label": "Vesting Of Remaining Shares", "terseLabel": "Vesting of the Remaining Shares of the Warrant" } } }, "localname": "VestingOfRemainingShares", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "pay_WarrantIssue": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Warrant issue.", "label": "Warrant Issue", "terseLabel": "Warrant Issue" } } }, "localname": "WarrantIssue", "nsuri": "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r664" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Chief Executive Officer [Member]", "terseLabel": "Chief Executive Officer [Member]" } } }, "localname": "ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_MaximumMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r344", "r345", "r346", "r347", "r399", "r538", "r552", "r590", "r591", "r607", "r622", "r630", "r684", "r735", "r736", "r737", "r738", "r739", "r740" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Maximum [Member]", "terseLabel": "Maximum" } } }, "localname": "MaximumMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_MinimumMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r344", "r345", "r346", "r347", "r399", "r538", "r552", "r590", "r591", "r607", "r622", "r630", "r684", "r735", "r736", "r737", "r738", "r739", "r740" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Minimum [Member]", "terseLabel": "Minimum [Member]" } } }, "localname": "MinimumMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_ProductOrServiceAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r298", "r540", "r609", "r628", "r679", "r680", "r689", "r743" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Product and Service [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Product and Service" } } }, "localname": "ProductOrServiceAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r298", "r540", "r609", "r628", "r679", "r680", "r689", "r743" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Product and Service [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Product and Service" } } }, "localname": "ProductsAndServicesDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_RangeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r344", "r345", "r346", "r347", "r396", "r399", "r430", "r431", "r432", "r537", "r538", "r552", "r590", "r591", "r607", "r622", "r630", "r678", "r684", "r736", "r737", "r738", "r739", "r740" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statistical Measurement [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Statistical Measurement" } } }, "localname": "RangeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_RangeMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r344", "r345", "r346", "r347", "r396", "r399", "r430", "r431", "r432", "r537", "r538", "r552", "r590", "r591", "r607", "r622", "r630", "r678", "r684", "r736", "r737", "r738", "r739", "r740" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statistical Measurement [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Statistical Measurement" } } }, "localname": "RangeMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r299", "r300", "r581", "r582", "r583", "r584", "r585", "r586", "r587", "r588", "r589", "r610", "r629", "r689" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Geographical [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Geographical" } } }, "localname": "SegmentGeographicalDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_StatementGeographicalAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r299", "r300", "r575", "r581", "r582", "r583", "r584", "r585", "r586", "r587", "r588", "r589", "r610", "r629", "r689" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Geographical [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Geographical" } } }, "localname": "StatementGeographicalAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r664", "r732" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Title of Individual [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Title of Individual" } } }, "localname": "TitleOfIndividualAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Title of Individual [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Title of Individual" } } }, "localname": "TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "srt_VicePresidentMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r664" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Vice President [Member]", "terseLabel": "Vice President [Member]" } } }, "localname": "VicePresidentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/srt/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Accounting Policies [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "AccountingPoliciesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance, receivable from customers, clients, or other third-parties, and receivables classified as other due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Accounts and Other Receivables, Net, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts and other receivables, net of allowance of $563 and $102" } } }, "localname": "AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r13" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period.", "label": "Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Accrued Liabilities" } } }, "localname": "AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilities" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing accounts payable and accrued liabilities.", "label": "Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Accrued Liabilities [Member]" } } }, "localname": "AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r12", "r627" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).", "label": "Accounts Payable, Current", "terseLabel": "Accounts payable", "totalLabel": "Accounts Payable, Current, Total" } } }, "localname": "AccountsPayableCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r666"
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

],

"lang": {

```
"en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable.", "label": "Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "The changes in the allowance for credit losses" } } }, "localname": "AccountsReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r576" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold.", "label": "Accounts Receivable [Member]", "terseLabel": "Accounts Receivable [Member]" } } }, "localname": "AccountsReceivableMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccruedExchangeFeeRebateCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r15" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for rebates of an exchange fee some mutual funds impose on shareholders if they exchange (transfer) to another fund within the same fund group. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).", "label": "Accrued Exchange Fee Rebate, Current", "terseLabel": "Rebates for Interchange fees" } } }, "localname": "AccruedExchangeFeeRebateCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r1", "r165", "r180" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all currently due domestic and foreign income tax obligations.", "label": "Accrued Income Taxes, Current", "terseLabel": "Income tax payable" } } }, "localname": "AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid nor invoiced, and liabilities classified as other.", "label": "Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities", "terseLabel": "Other Accrued Liabilities", "totalLabel": "Accrued Liabilities and Other Liabilities, Total" } } }, "localname": "AccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r15" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).", "label": "Accrued Liabilities, Current", "terseLabel": "Accrued liabilities", "totalLabel": "Accrued liabilities" } } }, "localname": "AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Accrued Liabilities, Current [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r15" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them, including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).", "label": "Accrued Payroll Taxes, Current", "terseLabel": "Payroll and employee-related expenses" } } }, "localname": "AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment": { "auth_ref": [ "r85", "r202" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.", "label": "Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment", "negatedLabel": "Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization", "periodEndLabel": "Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Accumulated depreciation and amortization for property and equipment", "totalLabel": "Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Total" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r24", "r25", "r26", "r210", "r548", "r557", "r558" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.", "label": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax", "terseLabel": "Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income", "totalLabel": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Total" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r23", "r26", "r148", "r528", "r553", "r554", "r648", "r649", "r650", "r657", "r658", "r659" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.", "label": "AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]", "terseLabel": "Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income" } } }, "localname": "AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife": { "auth_ref": [ "r76" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets acquired either individually or as part of a group of assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Weighted Average Useful Life", "terseLabel": "Estimated useful life", "verboseLabel": "Weighted-Average Useful Life (Years)" } } }, "localname": "AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageUsefulLife", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_AcquisitionCosts": { "auth_ref": [ "r159", "r160" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The capitalized costs incurred during the period (excluded from amortization) to purchase, lease or otherwise acquire an unproved property, including costs of lease bonuses and options to purchase or lease properties, the portion of costs applicable to minerals when land including mineral rights is purchased in fee, brokers' fees, recording fees, legal costs, and other costs incurred in acquiring properties.", "label": "Acquisition Costs, Period Cost", "verboseLabel": "Acquisition cost incurred" } } }, "localname": "AcquisitionCosts", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdditionalCashFlowElementsInvestingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Additional Cash Flow Elements, Investing Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Non-cash investing activities:" } } }, "localname": "AdditionalCashFlowElementsInvestingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock": { "auth_ref": [ "r6" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital.", "label": "Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock", "periodEndLabel": "Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Additional paid-in capital" } } }, "localname": "AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r439", "r440", "r441", "r657", "r658", "r659", "r725" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.", "label": "Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]", "terseLabel": "Additional Paid-In-Capital" } } }, "localname": "AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r114", "r115", "r401" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "APIC, Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition", "terseLabel": "Stock-based compensation", "totalLabel": "APIC, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition, Total" } } }, "localname": "AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued": { "auth_ref": [ "r89", "r94", "r101" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from the issuance of warrants. Includes allocation of proceeds of debt securities issued with detachable stock purchase warrants.", "label": "Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Warrant Issued", "terseLabel": "Issuance of warrant" } } }, "localname": "AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities" } } }, "localname": "AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r444" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.", "label": "Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Advertising Costs" } } }, "localname": "AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r445" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.", "label": "Advertising Expense", "terseLabel": "Advertising cost" } } }, "localname": "AdvertisingExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r434" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Expense", "terseLabel": "Total stock-based compensation" } } }, "localname": "AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable": { "auth_ref": [ "r211", "r306", "r311", "r312", "r315" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable.", "label": "Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss", "periodEndLabel": "Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Allowance for accounts and other receivables" } } }, "localname": "AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AmortizationExpensePerDollarOfGrossRevenue": { "auth_ref": [ "r161" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amortization computed on the basis of current gross revenues (excluding royalty payments and net profits disbursements) from production in relation to future gross revenues, based on current prices (including consideration of changes in existing prices provided only by contractual arrangements), from estimated production of proved oil and gas reserves.", "label": "Amortization Expense Per Dollar of Gross Revenue", "terseLabel": "Amortization expense in cost of revenue"
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

}

```
} }, "localname": "AmortizationExpensePerDollarOfGrossRevenue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r47", "r74", "r80" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.", "label": "Amortization of Intangible Assets", "terseLabel": "Capitalized in software development costs", "totalLabel": "Amortization of Intangible Assets, Total" } } }, "localname": "AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AmortizationOfLeasedAsset": { "auth_ref": [ "r190", "r194" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The expense charged against earnings for the periodic recognition of capitalized leases. This element may apply to energy companies that lease mineral producing properties and to other enterprises that capitalize property, plant, or equipment obtained through capital leases.", "label": "Amortization of Leased Asset", "terseLabel": "Amortization of contract asset" } } }, "localname": "AmortizationOfLeasedAsset", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r258" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.", "label": "Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount", "terseLabel": "Antidilutive securities" } } }, "localname": "AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r57" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of antidilutive security.", "label": "Antidilutive Securities [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r57" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.", "label": "Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_Assets": { "auth_ref": [ "r164", "r179", "r206", "r227", "r279", "r289", "r294", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r482", "r486", "r492", "r627", "r682", "r683", "r733" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.", "label": "Assets", "totalLabel": "Total assets" } } }, "localname": "Assets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Assets [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Assets" } } }, "localname": "AssetsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r198", "r212", "r227", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r482", "r486", "r492", "r627", "r682", "r683", "r733" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.", "label": "Assets, Current", "totalLabel": "Total current assets" } } }, "localname": "AssetsCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Assets, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Current assets" } } }, "localname": "AssetsCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_AutomobilesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Vehicles that are used primarily for transporting people.", "label": "Automobiles [Member]", "terseLabel": "Automobiles [Member]" } } }, "localname": "AutomobilesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r405", "r406", "r407", "r409", "r410", "r411", "r412", "r413", "r414", "r415", "r416", "r417", "r418", "r419", "r420", "r421", "r422", "r423", "r424", "r425", "r426", "r429", "r430", "r431", "r432", "r433" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Award Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "AwardTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).", "label": "Balance Sheet Location [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "BalanceSheetLocationAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r150", "r151" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).", "label": "Balance Sheet Location [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "BalanceSheetLocationDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).", "label": "Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Basis of Presentation" } } }, "localname": "BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r56" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS). Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.", "label": "Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies" } } }, "localname": "BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r478", "r620", "r621" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Identification of the acquiree in a material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations), which may include the name or other type of identification of the acquiree.", "label": "Business Acquisition, Acquiree [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionAcquireeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r129", "r130", "r478", "r620", "r621" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by business combination or series of individually immaterial business combinations.", "label": "Business Acquisition [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionDateOfAcquisitionAgreement1": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Date when the business acquisition agreement was executed, in YYYY-MM-DD format.", "label": "Business Acquisition, Date of Acquisition Agreement", "terseLabel": "Date of acquisition agreement" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionDateOfAcquisitionAgreement1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "dateItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued": { "auth_ref": [ "r140" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares of equity interests issued or issuable to acquire entity.", "label": "Business Acquisition, Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Number of Shares", "verboseLabel": "Number of shares issued for business acquisition" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionEquityInterestsIssuedOrIssuableNumberOfSharesIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Business Acquisition [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionNameOfAcquiredEntity": { "auth_ref": [ "r128" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Name of the acquired entity.", "label": "Business Acquisition, Name of Acquired Entity", "terseLabel": "Name of acquired entity" } } }, "localname": "BusinessAcquisitionNameOfAcquiredEntity", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1": { "auth_ref": [ "r137", "r138", "r139" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of consideration transferred, consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer, liabilities incurred by the acquirer, and equity interest issued by the acquirer.", "label": "Business Combination, Consideration Transferred", "terseLabel": "Aggregate consideration", "totalLabel": "Business Combination, Consideration Transferred, Total" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r143", "r479" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).", "label": "Business Combination Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Business Combinations" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock",
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

```
"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinations" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents": { "auth_ref": [ "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Cash and Equivalents", "terseLabel": "Cash" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Prepaid Expense and Other Assets", "terseLabel": "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables": { "auth_ref": [ "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services, including trade receivables, that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, and amounts due from others, including related parties expected to be converted to cash, sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, acquired at the acquisition date.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Assets, Receivables", "terseLabel": "Accounts receivable" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable": { "auth_ref": [ "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": -1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables, assumed at the acquisition date.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Accounts Payable", "negatedLabel": "Accounts payable", "terseLabel": "Accounts payable" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesDeferredRevenue": { "auth_ref": [ "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 9.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred revenue expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer, assumed at the acquisition date.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Current Liabilities, Deferred Revenue", "negatedLabel": "Deferred revenue", "terseLabel": "Deferred revenue" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesDeferredRevenue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, that lack physical substance, having a projected indefinite period of benefit, acquired at the acquisition date.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets", "terseLabel": "Intangible assets, includes software acquired" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r131", "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount recognized as of the acquisition date for the identifiable assets acquired in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Net", "totalLabel": "Total" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment": { "auth_ref": [ "r131", "r132" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of property, plant, and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.", "label": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Property, Plant, and Equipment", "terseLabel": "Property and equipment", "totalLabel": "Business Combination, Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed, Property, Plant, and Equipment, Total" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Business Combinations [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsPolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r126" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for completed business combinations (purchase method, acquisition method or combination of entities under common control). This accounting policy may include a general discussion of the purchase method or acquisition method of accounting (including for example, the treatment accorded contingent consideration, the identification of assets and liabilities, the purchase price allocation process, how the fair values of acquired assets and liabilities are determined) and the entity's specific application thereof. An entity that acquires another entity in a leveraged buyout transaction generally discloses the accounting policy followed by the acquiring entity in determining the basis used to value its interest in the acquired entity, and the rationale for that accounting policy.", "label": "Business Combinations Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Business Combination" } } }, "localname": "BusinessCombinationsPolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid": { "auth_ref": [ "r52", "r53", "r54" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.", "label": "Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid", "terseLabel": "Property and equipment purchases in accounts payable" } } }, "localname": "CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r592" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The carrying amount of capitalized computer software costs net of accumulated amortization as of the balance sheet date.", "label": "Capitalized Computer Software, Net", "periodEndLabel": "Capitalized Computer Software, Net, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Capitalized Computer Software, Net, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Capitalized internal-use software development costs, net", "totalLabel": "Capitalized Computer Software, Net, Total" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedComputerSoftwareNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CapitalizedContractCostNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r316" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after accumulated amortization and accumulated impairment loss, of asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer.", "label": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Net", "terseLabel": "Capitalized contract cost", "totalLabel": "Capitalized Contract Cost, Net, Total" } } }, "localname": "CapitalizedContractCostNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAcquiredFromAcquisition": { "auth_ref": [ "r37" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example, cash that was held by the acquired business).", "label": "Cash Acquired from Acquisition", "terseLabel": "Net Cash Acquired" } } }, "localname": "CashAcquiredFromAcquisition", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r49", "r200", "r597" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value", "periodEndLabel": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Cash and cash equivalents", "totalLabel": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value, Total" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r50" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Cash and Cash Equivalents" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r50", "r163" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Entity's cash and cash equivalents accounting policy with respect to restricted balances. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against short-term borrowing arrangements, contracts entered into with others, or company statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however, time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits.", "label": "Cash and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents", "verboseLabel": "Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents" } } }, "localname": "CashAndCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndCashEquivalentsPolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents": { "auth_ref": [ "r44", "r49", "r55" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents", "periodEndLabel": "End of period", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning of period", "totalLabel": "Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Total" } } }, "localname": "CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash and cash equivalents" } } }, "localname": "CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect": { "auth_ref": [ "r44", "r155" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect", "totalLabel": "Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash" } } }, "localname": "CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r207", "r208", "r209", "r227", "r247", "r252", "r255", "r257", "r265", "r266", "r309", "r348", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r355", "r356", "r357", "r358", "r361", "r365", "r372", "r492", "r593",
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"r642",

```
"r654", "r660" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.", "label": "Class of Stock [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Class of Stock" } } }, "localname": "ClassOfStockDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Class of Stock [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Class Of Stock [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "ClassOfStockLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CollateralAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r604" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by category of collateral or no collateral, from lender's perspective.", "label": "Collateral Held [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Collateral Held" } } }, "localname": "CollateralAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CollateralDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Category of collateral or no collateral, from lender's perspective.", "label": "Collateral Held [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Collateral Held" } } }, "localname": "CollateralDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies": { "auth_ref": [ "r18", "r169", "r185" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.", "label": "Commitments and Contingencies", "terseLabel": "Commitments and contingencies (Note 9)" } } }, "localname": "CommitmentsAndContingencies", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r88", "r342", "r343", "r577", "r681" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.", "label": "Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Commitments and Contingencies" } } }, "localname": "CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingencies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonClassAMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Classification of common stock representing ownership interest in a corporation.", "label": "Common Class A [Member]", "terseLabel": "Class A Common Stock [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CommonClassAMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonClassBMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Classification of common stock that has different rights than Common Class A, representing ownership interest in a corporation.", "label": "Common Class B [Member]", "terseLabel": "Class B Common Stock [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CommonClassBMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance": { "auth_ref": [ "r19" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate number of common shares reserved for future issuance.", "label": "Common Stock, Capital Shares Reserved for Future Issuance", "terseLabel": "Shares reserved for issuance" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockCapitalSharesReservedForFutureIssuance", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockConversionFeatures": { "auth_ref": [ "r373", "r374", "r375", "r376" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Description of common stock conversion feature. Includes, but is not limited to, conversion price; conversion right; timing of right; terms, event or change in circumstance causing contingency to be met or adjustment to conversion price or number of shares; manner of settlement upon conversion; and method of settlement.", "label": "Common Stock, Terms of Conversion", "terseLabel": "Common Stock, Terms of Conversion" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockConversionFeatures", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r657", "r658", "r725" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.", "label": "Common Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Common Shares [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.", "label": "Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share", "terseLabel": "Common stock, par value" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.", "label": "Common Stock, Shares Authorized", "terseLabel": "Common stock, shares authorized" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockSharesAuthorized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued": { "auth_ref": [ "r5" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.", "label": "Common Stock, Shares, Issued", "terseLabel": "Common stock, shares issued", "totalLabel": "Common Stock, Shares, Issued, Total" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockSharesIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [ "r5", "r94" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.", "label": "Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding", "periodEndLabel": "Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Common stock, shares outstanding" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r5", "r627" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.", "label": "Common Stock, Value, Issued", "periodEndLabel": "Common Stock, Value, Issued, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Common Stock, Value, Issued, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Common stock, value", "totalLabel": "Common Stock, Value, Issued, Total", "verboseLabel": "Class B common stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 111,050,000 and zero shares authorized as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; 103,486,739 and zero shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CommonStockVotingRights": { "auth_ref": [ "r95" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Description of voting rights of common stock. Includes eligibility to vote and votes per share owned. Include also, if any, unusual voting rights.", "label": "Common Stock, Voting Rights", "terseLabel": "Common Stock, Voting Rights" } } }, "localname": "CommonStockVotingRights", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r27", "r215", "r217", "r222", "r544", "r549" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.", "label": "Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent", "negatedTotalLabel": "Comprehensive (loss) income", "totalLabel": "Comprehensive (loss) income" } } }, "localname": "ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Long lived, depreciable assets that are used in the creation, maintenance and utilization of information systems.", "label": "Computer Equipment [Member]", "terseLabel": "Computer Equipment [Member]" } } }, "localname": "ComputerEquipmentMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r60", "r61", "r153", "r154", "r302", "r576" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.", "label": "Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Concentration Risk Benchmark" } } }, "localname": "ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r60", "r61", "r153", "r154", "r302", "r559", "r576" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by benchmark of concentration risk.", "label": "Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Concentration Risk Benchmark" } } }, "localname": "ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r60", "r61", "r153", "r154", "r302", "r576", "r744" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.", "label": "Concentration Risk Type [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Concentration Risk Type" } } }, "localname": "ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk": { "auth_ref": [ "r176", "r269" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk.", "label": "Concentration Risk, Credit Risk, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Concentration of Credit Risk" } } }, "localname": "ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1": { "auth_ref": [ "r60", "r61", "r153", "r154", "r302" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \"benchmark\" (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.", "label": "Concentration Risk, Percentage", "terseLabel": "Concentration Risk, Percentage" } } }, "localname": "ConcentrationRiskPercentage1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022",
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

```
"presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r60", "r61", "r153", "r154", "r302", "r576" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.", "label": "Concentration Risk Type [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Concentration Risk Type" } } }, "localname": "ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r146", "r598" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting. The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.", "label": "Consolidation, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Principles of Consolidation" } } }, "localname": "ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerAssetNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r378", "r380", "r392" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss", "terseLabel": "Contract asset balance", "totalLabel": "Contract with Customer, Asset, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Total" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerAssetNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerBasisOfPricingAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r612", "r689" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by basis of pricing for contract representing right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Basis of Pricing [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerBasisOfPricingAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerBasisOfPricingDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r612", "r689" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Basis of pricing for contract with customer. Includes, but is not limited to, fixed-price and time-and-materials contracts.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Basis of Pricing [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerBasisOfPricingDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r378", "r379", "r392" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability", "terseLabel": "Contract Liabilities", "totalLabel": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Total" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityChangeInTimeframePerformanceObligationSatisfiedRevenueRecognized": { "auth_ref": [ "r608" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of revenue recognized arising from contract liability from change in timeframe for performance obligation to be satisfied.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Change in Timeframe, Performance Obligation Satisfied, Revenue Recognized", "terseLabel": "Reduction in revenue and related contract asset" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiabilityChangeInTimeframePerformanceObligationSatisfiedRevenueRecognized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r378", "r379", "r392" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable, classified as current.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Current", "terseLabel": "Contract liabilities" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiabilityCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r378", "r379", "r392" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Liabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Liability, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Contract liabilities, net of current portion" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerLiabilityNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ContractWithCustomerReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLoss": { "auth_ref": [ "r686", "r687" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, before allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right to consideration is unconditional.", "label": "Contract with Customer, Receivable, before Allowance for Credit Loss", "terseLabel": "Fixed consideration related to the future minimum guarantees, contract amount" } } }, "localname": "ContractWithCustomerReceivableBeforeAllowanceForCreditLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConversionOfStockAmountIssued1": { "auth_ref": [ "r52", "r53", "r54" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The value of the financial instrument issued [noncash or part noncash] in the conversion of stock. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \"Part noncash\" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.", "label": "Conversion of Stock, Amount Issued", "terseLabel": "Conversion of common stock to Class B common stock" } } }, "localname": "ConversionOfStockAmountIssued1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1": { "auth_ref": [ "r52", "r53", "r54" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The number of new shares issued in the conversion of stock in a noncash (or part noncash) transaction. Noncash is defined as transactions during a period that do not result in cash receipts or cash payments in the period. \"Part noncash\" refers to that portion of the transaction not resulting in cash receipts or cash payments in the period.", "label": "Conversion of Stock, Shares Issued", "terseLabel": "Conversion of common stock to Class B common stock , Share" } } }, "localname": "ConversionOfStockSharesIssued1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_CostOfRevenue": { "auth_ref": [ "r34", "r227", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r492", "r682" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_GrossProfit", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period.", "label": "Cost of Revenue", "terseLabel": "Cost of revenue", "totalLabel": "Cost of Revenue, Total" } } }, "localname": "CostOfRevenue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Current Federal, State and Local, Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Current" } } }, "localname": "CurrentFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r656", "r721", "r723" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) attributable to income (loss) from continuing operations. Includes, but is not limited to, current national tax expense (benefit) for non-US (United States of America) jurisdiction.", "label": "Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)", "terseLabel": "Domestic" } } }, "localname": "CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r656", "r721" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.", "label": "Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit)", "terseLabel": "Foreign withholding tax", "verboseLabel": "Foreign" } } }, "localname": "CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r125", "r462", "r470", "r656" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.", "label": "Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "totalLabel": "Total" } } }, "localname": "CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r59", "r302" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.", "label": "Customer Concentration Risk [Member]", "terseLabel": "Customer Concentration Risk [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CustomerConcentrationRiskMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r135" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Customer relationship that exists between an entity and its customer, for example, but not limited to, tenant relationships.", "label": "Customer Relationships [Member]", "terseLabel": "Customer relationship [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Customer Relationships [Member]" } } }, "localname": "CustomerRelationshipsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r205" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for deferral and amortization of significant deferred charges.", "label": "Deferred Charges, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Deferred Offering Costs" } } }, "localname": "DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r656", "r722", "r723" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred federal tax expense (benefit) attributable to income (loss) from continuing operations. Includes, but is not limited to, deferred national tax expense (benefit) for non-US (United States of America) jurisdiction.", "label": "Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "terseLabel": "Domestic" } } }, "localname": "DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Deferred Federal, State and Local, Tax Expense (Benefit) [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Deferred" } } }, "localname": "DeferredFederalStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefitAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r125", "r656", "r722" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.", "label": "Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "terseLabel": "Foreign" } } }, "localname": "DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r449", "r450"
```

],

```
"calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails2": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities", "weight": -1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 6.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, with jurisdictional netting.", "label": "Deferred Income Tax Assets, Net", "terseLabel": "Deferred tax asset", "totalLabel": "Deferred Income Tax Assets, Net, Total" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth_ref": [ "r47", "r125", "r463", "r469", "r470", "r656" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.", "label": "Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "terseLabel": "Deferred income taxes", "totalLabel": "Total" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities": { "auth_ref": [ "r2", "r3", "r166", "r178", "r457" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross", "negatedTotalLabel": "Total deferred tax liabilities", "totalLabel": "Total deferred tax liabilities" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r449", "r450" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails2": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Liabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.", "label": "Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net", "negatedLabel": "Deferred tax liability (non-current)", "terseLabel": "Deferred tax liability", "totalLabel": "Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net, Total" } } }, "localname": "DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Goodwill and Intangible Assets", "terseLabel": "Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r458" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Gross", "totalLabel": "Total deferred tax assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet": { "auth_ref": [ "r719" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, without jurisdictional netting.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Net", "totalLabel": "Net deferred tax assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Net [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Deferred tax assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal": { "auth_ref": [ "r123", "r720" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible state and local operating loss carryforwards.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, State and Local", "terseLabel": "Federal and state net operating losses" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsStateAndLocal", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther": { "auth_ref": [ "r123", "r720" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Other", "terseLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsOther", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Property, Plant and Equipment", "terseLabel": "Fixed assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsPropertyPlantAndEquipment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost": { "auth_ref": [ "r123", "r720" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-Based Compensation Cost", "terseLabel": "Stock-based compensation and other accruals" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance": { "auth_ref": [ "r459" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.", "label": "Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance", "negatedLabel": "Valuation allowance", "terseLabel": "Valuation allowance", "totalLabel": "Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance, Total" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities": { "auth_ref": [ "r117", "r719" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails2": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net", "negatedTotalLabel": "Net deferred tax liabilities", "totalLabel": "Net deferred tax liabilities" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Deferred tax liabilities", "verboseLabel": "Other long term assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwill": { "auth_ref": [ "r123", "r141", "r142", "r720" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from goodwill.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Goodwill", "negatedTerseLabel": "Goodwill" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwill", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets": { "auth_ref": [ "r123", "r720" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets other than goodwill.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Intangible Assets", "negatedLabel": "Intangible assets (including capitalized internal-use software development costs)" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment": { "auth_ref": [ "r123", "r720" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment", "negatedLabel": "Fixed assets" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesSignificantComponentsOfTheCompanysDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails3" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings": { "auth_ref": [ "r720" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from undistributed earnings of subsidiary and other recognized entity not within country of domicile. Includes, but is not limited to, other basis differences.", "label": "Deferred Tax Liabilities, Undistributed Foreign Earnings", "verboseLabel": "Undistributed earnings of foreign operations" } } }, "localname": "DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer": { "auth_ref": [ "r395", "r397", "r398", "r616", "r617", "r618", "r619" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of contribution received by defined benefit plan from employer which increases plan assets.", "label": "Defined Benefit Plan, Plan Assets, Contributions by Employer", "terseLabel": "Contributions under plan" } } }, "localname": "DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DepositLiabilitiesAccruedInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r168" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of accrued but unpaid interest on deposit liabilities.", "label": "Deposit Liabilities, Accrued Interest", "terseLabel": "Aggregate compensation"
```

}

}

```
}, "localname": "DepositLiabilitiesAccruedInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [
```

```
"http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r47", "r83" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.", "label": "Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction", "terseLabel": "Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization", "totalLabel": "Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction, Total" } } }, "localname": "DepreciationAndAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r47", "r277" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.", "label": "Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization", "terseLabel": "Depreciation and amortization", "totalLabel": "Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Total" } } }, "localname": "DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r136" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Rights to developed technology, which can include the right to develop, use, market, sell, or offer for sale products, compounds, or intellectual property.", "label": "Developed Technology Rights [Member]", "terseLabel": "Developed Technology [Member]" } } }, "localname": "DevelopedTechnologyRightsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Disaggregation Of Revenue [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r391", "r609", "r610", "r611", "r612", "r613", "r614", "r615" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.", "label": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]", "terseLabel": "Disaggregation Of Revenue [Table]" } } }, "localname": "DisaggregationOfRevenueTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r689" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.", "label": "Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Disaggregation of Revenue" } } }, "localname": "DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r404", "r435", "r436", "r438", "r443", "r623" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Stock-Based Compensation" } } }, "localname": "DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensation" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DisclosureOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Disclosure of Securitized or Asset-Backed Financing Arrangement Assets and Other Financial Assets Managed Together [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "DisclosureOfQuantitativeInformationAboutSecuritizedAssetsAndAnyOtherFinancialAssetsManagedTogetherAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock": { "auth_ref": [ "r101", "r175" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash, stock and payment-in-kind (PIK).", "label": "Dividends, Preferred Stock", "totalLabel": "Dividends, Preferred Stock, Total" } } }, "localname": "DividendsPreferredStock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.", "label": "Domestic Tax Authority [Member]", "terseLabel": "Federal" } } }, "localname": "DomesticCountryMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Earnings Per Share [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic": { "auth_ref": [ "r223", "r236", "r237", "r238", "r239", "r240", "r244", "r247", "r255", "r256", "r257", "r261", "r490", "r491", "r545", "r550", "r601" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.", "label": "Earnings Per Share, Basic", "terseLabel": "Basic", "totalLabel": "Earnings Per Share, Basic, Total" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareBasic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted": { "auth_ref": [ "r223", "r236", "r237", "r238", "r239", "r240", "r247", "r255", "r256", "r257", "r261", "r490", "r491", "r545", "r550", "r601" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.", "label": "Earnings Per Share, Diluted", "terseLabel": "Diluted", "totalLabel": "Earnings Per Share, Diluted, Total" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareDiluted", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r258", "r259", "r260", "r262" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for earnings per share.", "label": "Earnings Per Share [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Net (Loss) Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock" } } }, "localname": "EarningsPerShareTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStock" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations": { "auth_ref": [ "r727" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; including, but not limited to, disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Including Disposal Group and Discontinued Operations", "terseLabel": "Foreign currency effect on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash", "totalLabel": "Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Including Disposal Group and Discontinued Operations, Total" } } }, "localname": "EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations": { "auth_ref": [ "r452" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent", "terseLabel": "Effective tax rate", "totalLabel": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent, Total" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate": { "auth_ref": [ "r229", "r452", "r472" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent", "terseLabel": "Federal statutory rate" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance": { "auth_ref": [ "r718", "r724" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Percent", "terseLabel": "Valuation Allowance" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential": { "auth_ref": [ "r718", "r724" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to statutory income tax expense (benefit) outside of the country of domicile.", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential, Percent", "terseLabel": "Foreign tax rate differences" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments": { "auth_ref": [ "r718", "r724" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Percent", "terseLabel": "Other" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes": { "auth_ref": [ "r718", "r724" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).", "label": "Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent", "terseLabel": "State taxes" } } }, "localname": "EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheIncomeBeforeProvisionForIncomeTaxesDueDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1": { "auth_ref": [ "r437" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition", "terseLabel": "Total unrecognized compensation cost, recognition period" } } }, "localname": "EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions": { "auth_ref": [ "r717" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount", "terseLabel": "Total unrecognized compensation cost" } } }, "localname": "EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Share-based payment arrangement granting right, subject to vesting and other restrictions, to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Option [Member]", "terseLabel": "Stock Options To Purchase Common stock [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Options [Member]" } } }, "localname": "EmployeeStockOptionMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

```
"http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Equity [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "EquityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r94", "r196", "r219", "r220", "r221", "r231", "r232", "r233", "r235", "r241", "r243", "r264", "r310", "r377", "r439", "r440", "r441", "r465", "r466", "r489", "r500", "r501", "r502", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r528", "r553", "r554", "r555" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.", "label": "Equity Component [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Equity Component" } } }, "localname": "EquityComponentDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_EquityIssuedInBusinessCombinationFairValueDisclosure": { "auth_ref": [ "r152" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Fair value of equity issued in a business combination.", "label": "Equity Issued in Business Combination, Fair Value Disclosure", "terseLabel": "Common stock fair value" } } }, "localname": "EquityIssuedInBusinessCombinationFairValueDisclosure", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets, liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities.", "label": "Fair Value Measurement, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Fair Value Measurements" } } }, "localname": "FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r510", "r518", "r626" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "pay_FinanceLeaseCostTotal", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of interest expense on finance lease liability.", "label": "Finance Lease, Interest Expense", "terseLabel": "Interest on finance lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseInterestExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r512", "r521" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of interest paid on finance lease liability.", "label": "Finance Lease, Interest Payment on Liability", "terseLabel": "Operating cash flows for finance lease" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r509", "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails4": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability", "terseLabel": "Total lease liabilities", "totalLabel": "Total lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Finance Lease, Liability [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Finance Leases:" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r509" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Liabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails4": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid", "terseLabel": "Total lease payments", "totalLabel": "Total minimum lease payments including interest" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInNextRollingTwelveMonths": { "auth_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease due in next rolling 12 months following current statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim period is reported on rolling approach.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Next Rolling 12 Months", "terseLabel": "2022" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInNextRollingTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour": { "auth_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease, due in fourth rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Rolling Year Four", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearThree": { "auth_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease, due in third rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Rolling Year Three", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearThree", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearTwo": { "auth_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease, due in second rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Rolling Year Two", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearTwo", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five", "terseLabel": "2027" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four", "terseLabel": "2026" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails5": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear": { "auth_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in remainder of current fiscal year.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Remainder of Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2021 (remaining six months)" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount": { "auth_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails4": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.", "label": "Finance Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount", "negatedLabel": "Less imputed interest" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments": { "auth_ref": [ "r511", "r521" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash outflow for principal payment on finance lease.", "label": "Finance Lease, Principal Payments",
```

"terseLabel": "Financing cash flows for finance leases"

}

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

}

},

"localname": "FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments",

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization": { "auth\_ref": [ "r510", "r518", "r626" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "pay\_FinanceLeaseCostTotal", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization expense attributable to right-of-use asset from finance lease.", "label": "Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Amortization", "terseLabel": "Depreciation expense" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r524", "r626" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average discount rate for finance lease calculated at point in time.", "label": "Finance Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average discount rate, Finance leases", "verboseLabel": "Finance leases" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1": { "auth\_ref": [ "r523", "r626" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Finance Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average remaining lease term (years), Finance leases", "verboseLabel": "Finance leases" } } }, "localname": "FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses": { "auth\_ref": [ "r68", "r211", "r311", "r312", "r315", "r594", "r595", "r596", "r742" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of allowance for credit loss on financing receivable. Excludes allowance for financing receivable covered under loss sharing agreement.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss", "periodEndLabel": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Beginning Balance" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLosses", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTheChangesInTheAllowanceForCreditLossesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecovery": { "auth\_ref": [ "r71", "r314", "r605" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in allowance for credit loss on financing receivable from recovery.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Recovery", "terseLabel": "Recoveries" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesRecovery", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTheChangesInTheAllowanceForCreditLossesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs": { "auth\_ref": [ "r70", "r313", "r605" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of writeoff of financing receivable, charged against allowance for credit loss.", "label": "Financing Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Writeoff", "negatedLabel": "Charge-offs", "terseLabel": "Charge-offs" } } }, "localname": "FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesWriteOffs", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTheChangesInTheAllowanceForCreditLossesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life", "verboseLabel": "Capitalized cost amortization estimated useful life" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization": { "auth\_ref": [ "r204", "r332" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization", "negatedLabel": "Accumulated Amortization" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for asset, excluding financial asset and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, after Year Five", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseAfterYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths": { "auth\_ref": [ "r81" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year One", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear": { "auth\_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in remainder of current fiscal year.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Remainder of Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2021 (remaining three months)" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive": { "auth\_ref": [ "r81" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Five", "terseLabel": "2027" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [ "r81" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Four", "terseLabel": "2026" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree": { "auth\_ref": [ "r81" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Three", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo": { "auth\_ref": [ "r81" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Two", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis": { "auth\_ref": [ "r329", "r331", "r332", "r333", "r541", "r542" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by major type or class of finite-lived intangible assets.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross": { "auth\_ref": [ "r79", "r542" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross", "terseLabel": "Gross Carrying Amount", "totalLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross, Total" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain": { "auth\_ref": [ "r75", "r78" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The major class of finite-lived intangible asset (for example, patents, trademarks, copyrights, etc.) A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of a company.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet": { "auth\_ref": [ "r79", "r541" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net", "periodEndLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Net Carrying Amount", "totalLabel": "Total future amortization expense" } } }, "localname": "FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsScheduleOfExpectedFutureAmortizationExpenseDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1": { "auth\_ref": [ "r330" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in assets, excluding financial assets, lacking physical substance with a definite life, from an acquisition.", "label": "Finite-Lived Intangible Assets Acquired", "terseLabel": "Fair value" } } }, "localname": "FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_FixedPriceContractMember": { "auth\_ref": [ "r612" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Contract with customer in which amount of consideration is fixed.", "label": "Fixed-Price Contract [Member]", "terseLabel": "Commercial Agreements Fixed Consideration [Member]" } } "documentation": "Amount before tax of foreign currency transaction realized and unrealized gain (loss) recognized in the income statement.",

}, "localname": "FixedPriceContractMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax": { "auth\_ref": [ "r493", "r495", "r497", "r498" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss), before Tax", "terseLabel": "Foreign exchange gain (loss)", "totalLabel": "Foreign Currency Transaction Gain (Loss), before Tax, Total" } } }, "localname": "ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossBeforeTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"r507"

```
], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.", "label": "Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Foreign Currency" } } }, "localname": "ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_FundsHeldForClients": { "auth_ref": [ "r646" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the funds held on behalf of others and that are expected to be liquidated within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. This does not include funds held under reinsurance agreements.", "label": "Funds Held for Clients", "terseLabel": "Cash in custodial account" } } }, "localname": "FundsHeldForClients", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include, but are not limited to, desks, chairs, tables, and bookcases.", "label": "Furniture and Fixtures [Member]", "terseLabel": "Furniture And Fixtures [Member]" } } }, "localname": "FurnitureAndFixturesMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r35" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OperatingExpenses", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line.", "label": "General and Administrative Expense", "terseLabel": "General and administrative", "totalLabel": "General and Administrative Expense, Total" } } }, "localname": "GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r31" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing general and administrative expense.", "label": "General and Administrative Expense [Member]", "terseLabel": "General and Administrative [Member]" } } }, "localname": "GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_Goodwill": { "auth_ref": [ "r203", "r317", "r543", "r606", "r627", "r667", "r674" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails2": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.", "label": "Goodwill", "periodEndLabel": "Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Goodwill", "totalLabel": "Goodwill, Total" } } }, "localname": "Goodwill", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r319", "r606" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized resulting from a business combination.", "label": "Goodwill, Acquired During Period", "terseLabel": "Goodwill acquired" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total loss recognized during the period from the impairment of goodwill plus the loss recognized in the period resulting from the impairment of the carrying amount of intangible assets, other than goodwill.", "label": "Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment", "terseLabel": "Impairment of goodwill", "totalLabel": "Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment, Total" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r82" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.", "label": "Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Goodwill and Intangible Assets" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets1" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Goodwill [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Goodwill [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments": { "auth_ref": [ "r127", "r675" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) from foreign currency translation adjustments and purchase accounting adjustments of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.", "label": "Goodwill, Translation and Purchase Accounting Adjustments", "terseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments" } } }, "localname": "GoodwillTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_GrossProfit": { "auth_ref": [ "r32", "r227", "r279", "r288", "r293", "r296", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r492", "r603", "r682" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.", "label": "Gross Profit", "totalLabel": "Gross profit" } } }, "localname": "GrossProfit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IPOMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "First sale of stock by a private company to the public.", "label": "IPO [Member]", "terseLabel": "IPO [Member]" } } }, "localname": "IPOMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for the impairment and disposal of long-lived assets including goodwill and other intangible assets.", "label": "Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Including Intangible Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Including Goodwill and Intangible Assets)" } } }, "localname": "ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic": { "auth_ref": [ "r228", "r471" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations.", "label": "Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Domestic", "terseLabel": "United States" } } }, "localname": "IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest": { "auth_ref": [ "r29", "r162", "r172", "r188", "r279", "r288", "r293", "r296", "r546", "r603" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations, including income (loss) from equity method investments, before deduction of income tax expense (benefit), and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.", "label": "Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Total", "totalLabel": "(Loss) income before income taxes" } } }, "localname": "IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign": { "auth_ref": [ "r228", "r471" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.", "label": "Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Foreign", "terseLabel": "Foreign" } } }, "localname": "IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesComponentsOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Income Statement [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeStatementAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r334", "r337" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by location in the income statement.", "label": "Income Statement Location [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Income Statement Location" } } }, "localname": "IncomeStatementLocationAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r337" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Location in the income statement.", "label": "Income Statement Location [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Income Statement Location" } } }, "localname": "IncomeStatementLocationDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r119" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by tax jurisdiction.", "label": "Income Tax Authority [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.", "label": "Income Tax Authority [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r229", "r453", "r455", "r461", "r467", "r473", "r475", "r476", "r477" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.", "label": "Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Income Taxes" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureIncomeTaxes" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit": { "auth\_ref": [ "r230", "r242", "r243", "r278", "r451", "r468", "r474", "r551" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetIncomeLoss", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.", "label": "Income Tax Expense (Benefit)", "negatedLabel": "Benefit from (provision for) income taxes", "terseLabel": "Provision for income taxes", "totalLabel": "Provision for income taxes" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTheProvisionForIncomeTaxesDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r218", "r447", "r448", "r455", "r456", "r460", "r464" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.", "label": "Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Income Taxes" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncomeTaxReceivable": { "auth\_ref": [ "r177", "r645" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of income taxes previously overpaid to tax authorities (such as U.S. Federal, state and local tax authorities) representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes. Also called income tax refund receivable.", "label": "Income Taxes Receivable", "terseLabel": "Income tax receivable" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxReceivable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncomeTaxesPaidNet": { "auth\_ref": [ "r51" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.", "label": "Income Taxes Paid, Net", "terseLabel": "Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds", "totalLabel": "Income Taxes Paid, Net, Total" } } }, "localname": "IncomeTaxesPaidNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables": { "auth\_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount due from customers for the credit sale of goods and services; includes accounts receivable and other types of receivables.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Accounts and Other Receivables", "negatedLabel": "Accounts and other receivables" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable": { "auth\_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 10.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable", "terseLabel": "Accounts payable", "totalLabel": "Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable, Total" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities": { "auth\_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 11.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities", "terseLabel": "Accrued liabilities", "totalLabel": "Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities, Total" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability": { "auth\_ref": [ "r539", "r653" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 13.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) in obligation to transfer good or service to customer for which consideration has been received or is receivable.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Contract with Customer, Liability", "terseLabel": "Contract liabilities" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInContractWithCustomerLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable": { "auth\_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 14.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable, which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Income Taxes Receivable", "negatedLabel": "Income taxes receivable, net of payable" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Change in operating assets and liabilities" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets": { "auth\_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 9.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.", "label": "Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets", "negatedLabel": "Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets", "totalLabel": "Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Total" } } }, "localname": "IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants": { "auth\_ref": [ "r248", "r249", "r250", "r257" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe1": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding", "weight": 1.0 } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of call options and warrants using the treasury stock method.", "label": "Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Call Options and Warrants", "terseLabel": "Dilutive effect of warrants" } } }, "localname": "IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements": { "auth\_ref": [ "r248", "r249", "r251", "r257", "r403" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe1": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding", "weight": 1.0 } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.", "label": "Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-Based Payment Arrangements", "terseLabel": "Dilutive effect of stock options to purchase common stock", "totalLabel": "Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Share-based Payment Arrangements, Total" } } }, "localname": "IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap\_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill": { "auth\_ref": [ "r73", "r77" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.", "label": "Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill)", "terseLabel": "Intangible assets, net", "totalLabel": "Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill), Total" } } }, "localname": "IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The net amount of nonoperating interest income (expense).", "label": "Interest Income (Expense), Nonoperating, Net", "terseLabel": "Interest income (expense), net" } } }, "localname": "InterestIncomeExpenseNonoperatingNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_InterestReceivable": { "auth\_ref": [ "r645" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of interest earned but not received. Also called accrued interest or accrued interest receivable.", "label": "Interest Receivable", "terseLabel": "Accrued interest" } } }, "localname": "InterestReceivable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_InvestmentTypeAxis": { "auth\_ref": [ "r560", "r561", "r562", "r563", "r564", "r565", "r566", "r567", "r568", "r569", "r570", "r571", "r572", "r573", "r574" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of investments.", "label": "Investment Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "InvestmentTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember": { "auth\_ref": [ "r560", "r561", "r562", "r563", "r564", "r565", "r566", "r567", "r568", "r569", "r570", "r571", "r572", "r573", "r574" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Asset obtained to generate income or appreciate in value.", "label": "Investments [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LeaseCost": { "auth\_ref": [ "r525", "r626" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.", "label": "Lease, Cost", "totalLabel": "Total lease cost" } } }, "localname": "LeaseCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LeaseCostTableTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r730" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes, but is not limited to, interest expense for finance lease, amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease, operating lease cost, short-term lease cost, variable lease cost and sublease income.", "label": "Lease, Cost [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Components of Lease Cost" } } }, "localname": "LeaseCostTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LeaseholdImprovementsMember": { "auth\_ref": [ "r84" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.", "label": "Leasehold Improvements [Member]",

"terseLabel": "Leasehold Improvements [Member]"

}

}

},

"localname": "LeaseholdImprovementsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LeasesAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Leases [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "LeasesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r195" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including, but not limited to, all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined, (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses, (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing.", "label": "Leases of Lessee Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Leases" } } }, "localname": "LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeases" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Lessee, Lease, Description [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Lessee Lease Description [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable": { "auth\_ref": [ "r517" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about lessee's leases.", "label": "Lessee, Lease, Description [Table]", "terseLabel": "Lessee Lease Description [Table]" } } }, "localname": "LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r514" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.", "label": "Lessee, Leases [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Leases" } } }, "localname": "LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseDescription": { "auth\_ref": [ "r515" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Description of lessee's operating lease.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Description", "terseLabel": "Lease descriptions" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseDescription", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails3": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid", "terseLabel": "Total lease payments", "totalLabel": "Total minimum lease payments including interest" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease due after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in fourth rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Rolling Year Four", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearFour", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearThree": { "auth\_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in third rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Rolling Year Three", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearThree", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearTwo": { "auth\_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in second rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due in Rolling Year Two", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueInRollingYearTwo", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextRollingTwelveMonths": { "auth\_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease, due in next rolling twelve months following latest statement of financial position date. For interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest statement of financial position date.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payments, Due Next Rolling 12 Months", "terseLabel": "2022" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextRollingTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five", "terseLabel": "2027" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four", "terseLabel": "2026" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear": { "auth\_ref": [ "r731" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease having initial or remaining lease term in excess of one year to be paid in remainder of current fiscal year.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Remainder of Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2021 (remaining six months)" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount": { "auth\_ref": [ "r526" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails3": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount", "negatedLabel": "Less imputed interest" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseOptionToExtend": { "auth\_ref": [ "r516" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Description of terms and conditions of option to extend lessee's operating lease. Includes, but is not limited to, information about option recognized as part of right-of-use asset and lease liability.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Option to Extend", "terseLabel": "Lease, Option to Extend" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseOptionToExtend", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm": { "auth\_ref": [ "r728" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Remaining lease term of operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Remaining Lease Term", "terseLabel": "Operating lease, remaining lease term" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseRemainingLeaseTerm", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract": { "auth\_ref": [ "r729" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Term of lessee's operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Lessee, Operating Lease, Term of Contract", "terseLabel": "Operating lease term" } } }, "localname": "LesseeOperatingLeaseTermOfContract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap\_LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived": { "auth\_ref": [ "r527" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lease payments to be received by lessor for operating lease.", "label": "Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received", "terseLabel": "Future operating lease payments", "totalLabel": "Lessor, Operating Lease, Payments to be Received, Total" } } }, "localname": "LessorOperatingLeasePaymentsToBeReceived", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureLeasesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_Liabilities": { "auth\_ref": [ "r14", "r227", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r483", "r486", "r487", "r492", "r602", "r682", "r733", "r734" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.", "label": "Liabilities", "totalLabel": "Total liabilities" } } }, "localname": "Liabilities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [

"http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets"

],

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

```
}, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity": { "auth_ref": [ "r10", "r167", "r183", "r627", "r655", "r665", "r726" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.", "label": "Liabilities and Equity", "totalLabel": "Total liabilities and stockholders' equity" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Liabilities and Stockholders\u2019 Equity" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAssumed1": { "auth_ref": [ "r52", "r53", "r54" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The fair value of liabilities assumed in noncash investing or financing activities.", "label": "Liabilities Assumed", "terseLabel": "Business acquisition liability in accrued liabilities and finance leases and other finance obligations, net of current portion" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesAssumed1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent": { "auth_ref": [ "r16", "r199", "r227", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r483", "r486", "r487", "r492", "r627", "r682", "r733", "r734" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_Liabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.", "label": "Liabilities, Current", "totalLabel": "Total current liabilities" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Liabilities, Current [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Current liabilities" } } }, "localname": "LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_LicenseMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r690" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Right to use intangible asset. Intangible asset includes, but is not limited to, patent, copyright, technology, manufacturing process, software or trademark.", "label": "License [Member]", "terseLabel": "License [Member]" } } }, "localname": "LicenseMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_LoansAndLeasesReceivableRelatedParties": { "auth_ref": [ "r156", "r170" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For an unclassified balance sheet, reflects the carrying amount of unpaid loan amounts due from related parties at the balance sheet date.", "label": "Loans and Leases Receivable, Related Parties", "periodEndLabel": "Loans and Leases Receivable, Related Parties, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Loans and Leases Receivable, Related Parties, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Issued a loan to related party" } } }, "localname": "LoansAndLeasesReceivableRelatedParties", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r66" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of long-lived assets, excluding financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets, by geographic areas located in the entity's country of domicile and foreign countries in which the entity holds assets.", "label": "Long-Lived Assets by Geographic Areas [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Long-lived Assets by Geographic Areas" } } }, "localname": "LongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate": { "auth_ref": [ "r17" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The interest rate applicable to the portion of the carrying amount of long-term borrowings outstanding as of the balance sheet date, including current maturities, which accrues interest at a set, unchanging rate.", "label": "Long-Term Debt, Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest, Percentage Rate", "terseLabel": "Loan Interest Rate" } } }, "localname": "LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r225" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.", "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities", "totalLabel": "Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash flows from financing activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r225" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.", "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities", "totalLabel": "Net cash used in investing activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash flows from investing activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities": { "auth_ref": [ "r44", "r45", "r48" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect", "weight": 1.0 } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.", "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities", "totalLabel": "Net cash provided by operating activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Cash flows from operating activities" } } }, "localname": "NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss": { "auth_ref": [ "r30", "r48", "r173", "r187", "r197", "r213", "r216", "r221", "r227", "r234", "r236", "r237", "r238", "r239", "r242", "r243", "r253", "r279", "r288", "r293", "r296", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r491", "r492", "r603", "r682" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax", "weight": 1.0 }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.", "label": "Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent", "terseLabel": "Net income", "totalLabel": "Net (loss) income", "verboseLabel": "Net (loss) income" } } }, "localname": "NetIncomeLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic": { "auth_ref": [ "r236", "r237", "r238", "r239", "r244", "r245", "r254", "r257", "r279", "r288", "r293", "r296", "r603" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, after deduction of tax, noncontrolling interests, dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.", "label": "Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders, Basic", "terseLabel": "Net income (loss) attributable to common stock", "totalLabel": "Net (loss) income attributable to common stock" } } }, "localname": "NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders, Basic [Abstract]", "verboseLabel": "Numerator:" } } }, "localname": "NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasicAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.", "label": "New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Accounting Pronouncements" } } }, "localname": "NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_NonUsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Countries excluding the United States of America (US).", "label": "Non-US [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Other [Member]" } } }, "localname": "NonUsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Noncash Investing and Financing Items [Abstract]", "verboseLabel": "Non-cash financing activities:" } } }, "localname": "NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Other income (loss)" } } }, "localname": "NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments": { "auth_ref": [ "r663" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": {
```

"documentation": "Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.",

"label": "Number of Operating Segments", "terseLabel": "Number of operating segment" } } }, "localname": "NumberOfOperatingSegments", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "integerItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingExpenses": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_OperatingIncomeLoss", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense.", "label": "Operating Expenses", "totalLabel": "Total operating expenses" } } }, "localname": "OperatingExpenses", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingExpensesAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Operating Expenses [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Operating expenses" } } }, "localname": "OperatingExpensesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingIncomeLoss": { "auth\_ref": [ "r279", "r288", "r293", "r296", "r603" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.", "label": "Operating Income (Loss)", "negatedLabel": "Operating loss", "totalLabel": "(Loss) income from operations" } } }, "localname": "OperatingIncomeLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseCost": { "auth\_ref": [ "r519", "r626" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LeaseCost", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of single lease cost, calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes, but is not limited to, single lease cost, after impairment of right-of-use asset, calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.", "label": "Operating Lease, Cost", "terseLabel": "Operating lease cost" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseLiability": { "auth\_ref": [ "r509" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails3": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.", "label": "Operating Lease, Liability", "terseLabel": "Operating Lease Liability", "totalLabel": "Total lease liabilities", "verboseLabel": "Total lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseLiabilityAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Operating Lease, Liability [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Operating Leases:" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseLiabilityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfRemainingLeasePaymentsUnderNoncancelableOperatingAndFinanceLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r509" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_LiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.", "label": "Operating Lease, Liability, Current", "terseLabel": "Operating lease liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r509" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_Liabilities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.", "label": "Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Operating leases, net of current portion" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeasePayments": { "auth\_ref": [ "r513", "r521" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash outflow from operating lease, excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.", "label": "Operating Lease, Payments", "terseLabel": "Operating cash flows for operating leases" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeasePayments", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset": { "auth\_ref": [ "r508" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.", "label": "Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset", "negatedLabel": "Operating lease right-of-use assets", "terseLabel": "Operating lease right-of-use assets" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r524", "r626" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.", "label": "Operating Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average discount rate, Operating leases", "verboseLabel": "Operating leases" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1": { "auth\_ref": [ "r523", "r626" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Operating Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average remaining lease term (years), Operating leases", "verboseLabel": "Operating leases" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLossCarryforwards": { "auth\_ref": [ "r121" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.", "label": "Operating Loss Carryforwards", "terseLabel": "Net operating losses", "totalLabel": "Operating Loss Carryforwards, Total" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLossCarryforwards", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable": { "auth\_ref": [ "r122" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule reflecting pertinent information, such as tax authority, amounts, and expiration dates, of net operating loss carryforwards, including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.", "label": "Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]" } } }, "localname": "OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r0", "r149" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for organization, consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.", "label": "Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Organization and Description of Business" } } }, "localname": "OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusiness" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OriginationOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties": { "auth\_ref": [ "r38" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow for a loan, supported by a promissory note, granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates, owners or officers and their immediate families, pension trusts, and so forth.", "label": "Origination of Notes Receivable from Related Parties", "terseLabel": "Related party loan receivable" } } }, "localname": "OriginationOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r15" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Other Accrued Liabilities, Current", "terseLabel": "Other accrued liabilities" } } }, "localname": "OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesSummaryOfAccruedLiabilitiesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OtherAssetsNoncurrent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r205" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.", "label": "Other Assets, Noncurrent", "terseLabel": "Other long-term assets", "totalLabel": "Other Assets, Noncurrent, Total" } } }, "localname": "OtherAssetsNoncurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OtherCommitment": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Minimum amount of other commitment not otherwise specified in the taxonomy. Excludes commitments explicitly modeled in the taxonomy, including but not limited to, long-term and short-term purchase commitments, recorded and unrecorded purchase obligations, supply commitments, registration payment arrangements, leases, debt, product warranties, guarantees, environmental remediation obligations, and pensions.", "label": "Other Commitment", "terseLabel": "Other Commitment", "totalLabel": "Other commitment" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OtherCommitmentDueAfterFifthYear": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_OtherCommitment", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, after Year Five", "terseLabel": "Thereafter" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentDueAfterFifthYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OtherCommitmentDueInFifthYear": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_OtherCommitment", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, Year Five", "terseLabel": "2027" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentDueInFifthYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_OtherCommitmentDueInFourthYear": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_OtherCommitment", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, Year Four", "terseLabel": "2026"

}

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

}

},

```
"localname": "OtherCommitmentDueInFourthYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentDueInNextTwelveMonths": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherCommitment", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, Year One", "terseLabel": "2023" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentDueInNextTwelveMonths", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentDueInSecondYear": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherCommitment", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, Year Two", "terseLabel": "2024" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentDueInSecondYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentDueInThirdYear": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OtherCommitment", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, Year Three", "terseLabel": "2025" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentDueInThirdYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsDescription": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Description of the nature and terms of commitment.", "label": "Other Commitments, Description", "terseLabel": "Other commitments, description" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentsDescription", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherCommitmentsFutureMinimumPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of commitment classified as other to be paid in remainder of current fiscal year.", "label": "Other Commitment, to be Paid, Remainder of Fiscal Year", "terseLabel": "2021 (remaining three months)" } } }, "localname": "OtherCommitmentsFutureMinimumPaymentsRemainderOfFiscalYear", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureCommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumPaymentsForNonCancellableAgreementsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r22", "r24", "r494", "r496", "r499" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, Net of Tax", "terseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncomeParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTaxPortionAttributableToParent": { "auth_ref": [ "r144", "r145", "r147" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of tax expense (benefit), after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to parent entity.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent", "negatedLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax of $0 and $0", "negatedTerseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax", "totalLabel": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Translation Adjustment, Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent, Total", "verboseLabel": "Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfComprehensiveLossIncome" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent": { "auth_ref": [ "r144", "r145", "r147", "r214", "r217" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.", "label": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent", "terseLabel": "Other comprehensive income (Loss)", "totalLabel": "Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent, Total" } } }, "localname": "OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent assets.", "label": "Other Noncurrent Assets [Member]", "terseLabel": "Other Long-Term Assets [Member]" } } }, "localname": "OtherNoncurrentAssetsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Right given to the underwriter to sell additional shares over the initial allotment.", "label": "Over-Allotment Option [Member]", "terseLabel": "Over-Allotment Option [Member]" } } }, "localname": "OverAllotmentOptionMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemablePreferredStock": { "auth_ref": [ "r42" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow for reacquisition of callable preferred stock.", "label": "Payments for Repurchase of Redeemable Preferred Stock", "negatedLabel": "Redemption of Series A preferred stock", "terseLabel": "Redemption of Series A preferred stock" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsForRepurchaseOfRedeemablePreferredStock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividendsPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock": { "auth_ref": [ "r42" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash outflow in the form of ordinary dividends to preferred shareholders of the parent entity.", "label": "Payments of Ordinary Dividends, Preferred Stock and Preference Stock", "negatedLabel": "Payment of dividends on Series A preferred stock", "terseLabel": "Payment of dividends on Series A preferred stock" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsOfDividendsPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r39", "r480" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period. The cash portion only of the acquisition price.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Businesses, Gross", "terseLabel": "Cash payment to acquire business, gross", "verboseLabel": "Purchase price of acquisition" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired": { "auth_ref": [ "r39" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business, net of the cash acquired from the purchase.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired", "negatedLabel": "Business combinations, net of cash and restricted cash acquired", "totalLabel": "Payments to Acquire Businesses, Net of Cash Acquired, Total", "verboseLabel": "Cash purchase price" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment": { "auth_ref": [ "r40" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.", "label": "Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment", "negatedLabel": "Purchases of property and equipment", "totalLabel": "Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment, Total" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PaymentsToDevelopSoftware": { "auth_ref": [ "r40" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 3.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow associated with the development or modification of software programs or applications for internal use (that is, not to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed to others) that qualify for capitalization.", "label": "Payments to Develop Software", "negatedLabel": "Capitalized internal-use software development costs", "verboseLabel": "Capitalized internal-use software development costs" } } }, "localname": "PaymentsToDevelopSoftware", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_PlanNameAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r691", "r692", "r693", "r694", "r695", "r696", "r697", "r698", "r699", "r700", "r701", "r702", "r703", "r704", "r705", "r706", "r707", "r708", "r709", "r710", "r711", "r712", "r713", "r714", "r715", "r716" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Plan Name [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "PlanNameAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_PlanNameDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r691", "r692", "r693", "r694", "r695", "r696", "r697", "r698", "r699", "r700", "r701", "r702", "r703", "r704", "r705", "r706", "r707", "r708", "r709", "r710", "r711", "r712", "r713", "r714", "r715", "r716" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Plan Name [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "PlanNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Preferred shares may provide a preferential dividend to the dividend on common stock and may take precedence over common stock in the event of a liquidation. Preferred shares typically represent an ownership interest in the company.", "label": "Preferred Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Preferred Stock Member" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare": { "auth_ref": [ "r4", "r357" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share", "terseLabel": "Preferred stock, par value" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized": { "auth_ref": [ "r4" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized", "terseLabel": "Preferred stock, shares authorized" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockSharesAuthorized", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued": {
```

"auth\_ref": [

"r4",

"r357" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Shares Issued", "terseLabel": "Preferred stock, shares issued", "totalLabel": "Preferred Stock, Shares Issued, Total" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockSharesIssued", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding": { "auth\_ref": [ "r4" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding", "periodEndLabel": "Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Preferred stock, shares outstanding" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PreferredStockValue": { "auth\_ref": [ "r4", "r627" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_StockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.", "label": "Preferred Stock, Value, Issued", "periodEndLabel": "Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 5,000,000 shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; none issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively", "totalLabel": "Preferred Stock, Value, Issued, Total", "verboseLabel": "Series A preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share; zero and 50,000 shares authorized as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; zero and 23,333 shares issued as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively; zero and 23,013 shares outstanding as of September 30, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively" } } }, "localname": "PreferredStockValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent": { "auth\_ref": [ "r647" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Prepaid Expense and Other Assets, Current", "terseLabel": "Prepaid expenses and other current assets" } } }, "localname": "PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing prepaid expenses and other current assets.", "label": "Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member]", "terseLabel": "Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member]" } } }, "localname": "PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PrivatePlacementMember": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "A private placement is a direct offering of securities to a limited number of sophisticated investors such as insurance companies, pension funds, mezzanine funds, stock funds and trusts.", "label": "Private Placement [Member]", "terseLabel": "Private Placement [Member]" } } }, "localname": "PrivatePlacementMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering": { "auth\_ref": [ "r41" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public.", "label": "Proceeds from Issuance Initial Public Offering", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriter's discounts and commissions" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r41" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 10.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity.", "label": "Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from issuance of common shares" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r41" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 11.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Proceeds from issuance of capital stock which provides for a specific dividend that is paid to the shareholders before any dividends to common stockholders and which takes precedence over common stockholders in the event of liquidation.", "label": "Proceeds from Issuance of Preferred Stock and Preference Stock", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from issuance of Series A preferred shares" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement": { "auth\_ref": [ "r41" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's raising of capital via private rather than public placement.", "label": "Proceeds from Issuance of Private Placement", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from private placement" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities": { "auth\_ref": [ "r651", "r652" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 8.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities classified as other.", "label": "Proceeds from (Payments for) Other Financing Activities", "terseLabel": "Payments on other financing obligations" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt": { "auth\_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from long-term debt by a related party. Related parties, include, but are not limited to, affiliates, owners or officers and their immediate families, and pension trusts.", "label": "Proceeds from (Repayments of) Related Party Debt", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from repayment of related party loan", "totalLabel": "Proceeds from (Repayments of) Related Party Debt, Total" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised": { "auth\_ref": [ "r41", "r113" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash inflow from exercise of option under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised", "terseLabel": "Proceeds from exercise of stock-based awards" } } }, "localname": "ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_ProfitLoss": { "auth\_ref": [ "r197", "r213", "r216", "r224", "r227", "r234", "r242", "r243", "r279", "r288", "r293", "r296", "r309", "r348", "r349", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r353", "r354", "r355", "r356", "r481", "r484", "r485", "r491", "r492", "r546", "r603", "r624", "r625", "r650", "r682" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The consolidated profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.", "label": "Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest", "terseLabel": "Net (loss) income", "totalLabel": "Net Income (Loss), Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest, Total" } } }, "localname": "ProfitLoss", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis": { "auth\_ref": [ "r86" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.", "label": "Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Long-Lived Tangible Asset" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r87", "r578", "r579", "r580" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Property and Equipment, Net" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNet" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross": { "auth\_ref": [ "r84", "r201" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross", "periodEndLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Total property and equipment", "totalLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross, Total" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems": { "auth\_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Property Plant And Equipment [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet": { "auth\_ref": [ "r86", "r184", "r547", "r627" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null }, "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap\_Assets", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Net", "periodEndLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Net, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of $5,744 and $4,791", "totalLabel": "Property and equipment, net", "verboseLabel": "Long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment assets" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r86", "r578", "r579" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Property and Equipment, Net" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role\_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap\_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock": { "auth\_ref": [ "r86" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.",

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"label": "Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]",

"terseLabel": "Schedule of Property and Equipment, Net"

```
} } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r84" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.", "label": "Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Long-Lived Tangible Asset" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life" } } }, "localname": "PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProvisionForLoanLeaseAndOtherLosses": { "auth_ref": [ "r46", "r69", "r174" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expense related loan transactions, lease transactions, credit loss from transactions other than loan and lease transactions, and other loss based on assessment of uncollectability from the counterparty to reduce the account to their net realizable value.", "label": "Provision for Loan, Lease, and Other Losses", "terseLabel": "Provision for credit losses", "totalLabel": "Provision for Loan, Lease, and Other Losses, Total" } } }, "localname": "ProvisionForLoanLeaseAndOtherLosses", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesTheChangesInTheAllowanceForCreditLossesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ProvisionForOtherCreditLosses": { "auth_ref": [ "r46", "r171" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 7.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of expense related to credit loss from transactions other than loan and lease transactions.", "label": "Provision for Other Credit Losses", "terseLabel": "Provision for credit losses" } } }, "localname": "ProvisionForOtherCreditLosses", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r58", "r263" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.", "label": "Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)" } } }, "localname": "QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSelectedQuarterlyFinancialDataUnaudited" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Related Party Transaction [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Related Party Transaction [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Related Party Transactions [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r529", "r530", "r531", "r532", "r533" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.", "label": "Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Related Party Transactions" } } }, "localname": "RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactions" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RepaymentOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties": { "auth_ref": [ "r36" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash inflow from a loan, supported by a promissory note, granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates, owners or officers and their immediate families, pension trusts, and so forth.", "label": "Repayment of Notes Receivable from Related Parties", "terseLabel": "Repayment of related party loan receivable" } } }, "localname": "RepaymentOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt": { "auth_ref": [ "r43" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 12.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cash outflow from the repayments of a long-term debt originally issued by another party but is assumed by the entity.", "label": "Repayments of Assumed Debt", "negatedLabel": "Payment on debt assumed in acquisitions", "terseLabel": "Payment on debt assumed in acquisitions" } } }, "localname": "RepaymentsOfAssumedDebt", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense": { "auth_ref": [ "r116", "r189", "r741" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OperatingExpenses", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.", "label": "Research and Development Expense", "terseLabel": "Research and development", "totalLabel": "Research and Development Expense, Total" } } }, "localname": "ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption in which the reported facts about research and development expense have been included.", "label": "Research and Development Expense [Member]", "terseLabel": "Research and Development [Member]" } } }, "localname": "ResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r116" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.", "label": "Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Research and Development Costs" } } }, "localname": "ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents": { "auth_ref": [ "r49", "r55", "r163", "r181", "r200" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 1.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_AssetsCurrent", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of cash and cash equivalents restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.", "label": "Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents", "terseLabel": "Restricted Cash And Cash Equivalents", "totalLabel": "Restricted Cash and Cash Equivalents, Total" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedCashAndCashEquivalents", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Share instrument which is convertible to stock or an equivalent amount of cash, after a specified period of time or when specified performance conditions are met.", "label": "Restricted Stock Units (RSUs) [Member]", "terseLabel": "RSUs [Member]" } } }, "localname": "RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit": { "auth_ref": [ "r7", "r101", "r182", "r556", "r558", "r627" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 5.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.", "label": "Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)", "periodEndLabel": "Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Retained earnings", "totalLabel": "Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit), Total" } } }, "localname": "RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r196", "r231", "r232", "r233", "r235", "r241", "r243", "r310", "r439", "r440", "r441", "r465", "r466", "r489", "r553", "r555" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.", "label": "Retained Earnings [Member]", "terseLabel": "Retained Earnings" } } }, "localname": "RetainedEarningsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax": { "auth_ref": [ "r275", "r276", "r287", "r291", "r292", "r298", "r299", "r302", "r390", "r391", "r540" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_GrossProfit", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.", "label": "Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax", "terseLabel": "Revenue", "totalLabel": "Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax, Total" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueSummaryOfDisaggregationOfRevenueFromContractsWithCustomerDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r381", "r382", "r383", "r384", "r385", "r386", "r388", "r389", "r393", "r394" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure of revenue from contract with customer to transfer good or service and to transfer nonfinancial asset. Includes, but is not limited to, disaggregation of revenue, credit loss recognized from contract with customer, judgment and change in judgment related to contract with customer, and asset recognized from cost incurred to obtain or fulfill contract with customer. Excludes insurance and lease contracts.", "label": "Revenue from Contract with Customer [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Revenue, Performance Obligations and Contract Balances" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromContractWithCustomerTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenue" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r65" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of revenue from external customers by geographic areas attributed to the entity's country of domicile and to foreign countries from which the entity derives revenue.", "label": "Revenue from External Customers by Geographic Areas [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Revenue by Geographic Area" } } }, "localname": "RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r599", "r600" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue. Includes revenue from contract with customer and from other sources.", "label": "Revenue [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Revenue Recognition" } } },
```

```
"localname": "RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation": { "auth_ref": [ "r387" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of transaction price allocated to performance obligation that has not been recognized as revenue.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Amount", "terseLabel": "Remaining Performance Obligation, aggregate amount of transaction price" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligation", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationPercentage": { "auth_ref": [ "r688" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Percentage of remaining performance obligation to total remaining performance obligation not recognized as revenue.", "label": "Revenue, Remaining Performance Obligation, Percentage", "terseLabel": "Remaining Performance Obligation, percentage" } } }, "localname": "RevenueRemainingPerformanceObligationPercentage", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "RevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r522", "r626" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liability.", "label": "Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Finance Lease Liability", "terseLabel": "Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of operating lease obligations" } } }, "localname": "RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability": { "auth_ref": [ "r522", "r626" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.", "label": "Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability", "terseLabel": "Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange of operating lease obligations" } } }, "localname": "RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesSummaryOfSupplementalCashFlowInformationRelatedToLeasesDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Sale of the entity's stock, including, but not limited to, initial public offering (IPO) and private placement.", "label": "Sale of Stock [Domain]", "terseLabel": "Sale of Stock" } } }, "localname": "SaleOfStockNameOfTransactionDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction.", "label": "Sale of Stock, Price Per Share", "terseLabel": "Sale of Stock, Price Per Share", "verboseLabel": "Sale of stock, price per share" } } }, "localname": "SaleOfStockPricePerShare", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r302", "r662" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.", "label": "Revenue Benchmark [Member]", "terseLabel": "Revenue [Member]" } } }, "localname": "SalesRevenueNetMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.", "label": "Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Accrued Liabilities" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureAccruedLiabilitiesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetByMajorClassTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r75" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the major classes of acquired finite-lived intangible assets showing the amount, any significant residual value, weighted average amortization period, and other characteristics. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by nature or by their use in the operations of the company.", "label": "Schedule of Acquired Finite-Lived Intangible Asset by Major Class [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetByMajorClassTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r57" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by Antidilutive Securities.", "label": "Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r57" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by antidilutive securities.", "label": "Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Common Stock Equivalents Excluded from Income (Loss) Per Diluted Share" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r129", "r130", "r478" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule reflecting each material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities.", "label": "Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r124" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.", "label": "Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit)" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r120" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.", "label": "Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r661" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.", "label": "Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Computation of Basic and Diluted Net Income Per Share Attributable to Common Stock" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetLossIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r118" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.", "label": "Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureIncomeTaxesTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r111" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of allocation of amount expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement to statement of income or comprehensive income and statement of financial position. Includes, but is not limited to, corresponding line item in financial statement.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Stock Based Compensation Expense" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r75" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of finite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of a business combination or through an asset purchase, by major class and in total, including the value of the asset acquired, any significant residual value (the expected value of the asset at the end of its useful life) and the weighted-average amortization period.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets Acquired as Part of Business Combination [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Fair Value of Identified Intangible Assets and Useful Lives" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r75", "r78", "r541" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Finite Lived Intangible Assets [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r75", "r78" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Intangible Assets" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r318", "r319", "r320", "r321", "r322", "r323", "r324", "r325", "r326", "r327", "r328", "r606" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of goodwill and the changes during the year due to acquisition, sale, impairment or for other reasons.", "label": "Schedule of Goodwill [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Goodwill [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfGoodwillTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfGoodwillByReportingUnitsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r606", "r667", "r668", "r669", "r670", "r671", "r672", "r673", "r674", "r675", "r676", "r677" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.", "label": "Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of Goodwill by Reporting Unit" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r86" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.", "label": "Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Property Plant And Equipment [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosurePropertyAndEquipmentNetScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentNetDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r133" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the amounts recognized as of the acquisition date for each major class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. May include but not limited to the following: (a) acquired receivables; (b) contingencies recognized at the acquisition date; and (c) the fair value of noncontrolling interests in the acquiree.", "label": "Schedule of Recognized Identified Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r157", "r158" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of quantitative and qualitative information pertaining to related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.", "label": "Schedule of Related Party Transactions, by Related Party [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Related Party Transactions By Related Party [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r335", "r336", "r337", "r338", "r339", "r340", "r341" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs, such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.", "label": "Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsTables" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsTable": { "auth_ref": [
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"r28",

```
"r67" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule of material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments, customer relationships with financial institutions, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material. An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.", "label": "Schedule of Revenues from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Revenues From External Customers And Long Lived Assets [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfLongLivedAssetsByGeographicAreasDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformationSummaryOfRevenueByGeographicAreaDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r400", "r402", "r405", "r406", "r407", "r409", "r410", "r411", "r412", "r413", "r414", "r415", "r416", "r417", "r418", "r419", "r420", "r421", "r422", "r423", "r424", "r425", "r426", "r429", "r430", "r431", "r432", "r433" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Schedule of Share-Based Compensation Arrangements by Share-Based Payment Award [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Share Based Compensation Arrangements By Share Based Payment Award [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r106" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Restricted Stock Unit, Activity [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Summary of RSU Activity" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationRestrictedStockUnitsAwardActivityTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r106", "r107", "r108" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes, but is not limited to, outstanding awards at beginning and end of year, grants, exercises, forfeitures, and weighted-average grant date fair value.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Option, Activity [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Stock Option Activity" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r110" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.", "label": "Schedule of Share-Based Payment Award, Stock Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Stock Option Grant Using Black-Scholes Option Pricing Model With Assumptions" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockByClassTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r90", "r91", "r93", "r95", "r96", "r97", "r98", "r99", "r100", "r101", "r207", "r208", "r209", "r265", "r357", "r358", "r359", "r361", "r365", "r370", "r372", "r607", "r642", "r654" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule detailing information related to equity by class of stock. Class of stock includes common, convertible, and preferred stocks which are not redeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. It also includes preferred stock with redemption features that are solely within the control of the issuer and mandatorily redeemable stock if redemption is required to occur only upon liquidation or termination of the reporting entity.", "label": "Schedule of Stock by Class [Table]", "terseLabel": "Schedule Of Stock By Class [Table]" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleOfStockByClassTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r78" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.", "label": "Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Schedule of Expected Future Amortization Expense" } } }, "localname": "ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsTables" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Segment Reporting [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r272", "r273", "r274", "r279", "r280", "r290", "r294", "r295", "r296", "r297", "r298", "r301", "r302", "r303" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.", "label": "Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Geographic Information" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureGeographicInformation" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r281", "r282", "r283", "r284", "r285", "r286", "r299" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting.", "label": "Segment Reporting, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Segment Information" } } }, "localname": "SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves, including, but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).", "label": "Self Insurance Reserve [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Self-Insurance" } } }, "localname": "SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpense": { "auth_ref": [], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_OperatingExpenses", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The aggregate total amount of expenses directly related to the marketing or selling of products or services.", "label": "Selling and Marketing Expense", "terseLabel": "Sales and marketing", "totalLabel": "Selling and Marketing Expense, Total" } } }, "localname": "SellingAndMarketingExpense", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r31" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling and marketing expense.", "label": "Selling and Marketing Expense [Member]", "terseLabel": "Sales and Marketing [Member]" } } }, "localname": "SellingAndMarketingExpenseMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r643", "r644", "r685" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Series A preferred stock.", "label": "Series A Preferred Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Series A Preferred Stock [Member]" } } }, "localname": "SeriesAPreferredStockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r130" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Represents the aggregation and reporting of combined amounts of individually immaterial business combinations that were completed during the period.", "label": "Series of Individually Immaterial Business Acquisitions [Member]", "terseLabel": "Acquisitions [Member]" } } }, "localname": "SeriesOfIndividuallyImmaterialBusinessAcquisitionsMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRevenueAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation": { "auth_ref": [ "r46" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows": { "order": 4.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense", "terseLabel": "Stock-based compensation", "totalLabel": "Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense, Total" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensation", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1": { "auth_ref": [ "r623" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Estimated period over which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the equity-based payment award, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Award Requisite Service Period", "terseLabel": "RSUs vest over the requisite service period" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r422" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period", "negatedLabel": "Awards,Forfeited | shares", "terseLabel": "Awards,Forfeited | shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r422" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Forfeited | $ / shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r420" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period", "terseLabel": "Awards, Granted | shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r420" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Granted | $ / shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r417", "r418" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number", "periodEndLabel": "Awarded and unvested, Ending Balance | shares", "periodStartLabel": "Awarded and unvested, Beginning Balance | shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r417", "r418" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value", "periodEndLabel": "Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Unvested, Ending Balance | $ / shares", "periodStartLabel": "Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Unvested, Beginning Balance | $ / shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r421" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period", "negatedLabel": "Awards, Vested | shares", "terseLabel": "Awards, Vested | shares", "verboseLabel": "RSUs vested" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r421" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": {
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

"documentation": "The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.",

```
"label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Grant-Date Fair Value, Vested | $ / shares" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions and Methodology [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate": { "auth_ref": [ "r431" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate", "terseLabel": "Dividend yield" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The estimated measure of the maximum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate, Maximum", "terseLabel": "Expected volatility, maximum" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMaximum", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The estimated measure of the minimum percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate, Minimum", "terseLabel": "Expected volatility, minimum" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRateMinimum", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate": { "auth_ref": [ "r432" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate", "terseLabel": "Risk-free interest rate" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The maximum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate, Maximum", "terseLabel": "Risk-free interest rate, maximum" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMaximum", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The minimum risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate, Minimum", "terseLabel": "Risk-free interest rate, minimum" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRateMinimum", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "percentItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfStockBasedCompensationExpenseDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r411" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number", "terseLabel": "Options Outstanding, Exercisable" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod": { "auth_ref": [ "r697" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "For presentations that combine terminations, the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period", "negatedLabel": "Options forfeited", "totalLabel": "Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period, Total" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice": { "auth_ref": [ "r697" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average price of options that were either forfeited or expired.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Forfeitures and Expirations in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Exercise Price, Forfeited" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross": { "auth_ref": [ "r413" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross", "terseLabel": "Options granted", "verboseLabel": "Options granted in period" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r423" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted during the reporting period as calculated by applying the disclosed option pricing methodology.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value", "verboseLabel": "Weighted average grant date fair value of options granted" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber": { "auth_ref": [ "r409", "r410" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number", "periodEndLabel": "Options Outstanding, Ending", "periodStartLabel": "Options Outstanding, Beginning" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice": { "auth_ref": [ "r409", "r410" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price", "periodEndLabel": "Weighted Average Exercise Price, Ending", "periodStartLabel": "Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice": { "auth_ref": [ "r426" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted-average exercise price, at which grantee can acquire shares reserved for issuance, for fully vested and expected to vest exercisable or convertible options. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Exercise Price, Exercisable" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r425" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount by which current fair value of underlying stock exceeds exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. Includes, but is not limited to, unvested options for which requisite service period has not been rendered but that are expected to vest based on achievement of performance condition, if forfeitures are recognized when they occur.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Vested and Expected to Vest, Outstanding, Aggregate Intrinsic Value", "terseLabel": "Aggregate intrinsic value" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r405", "r406", "r407", "r409", "r410", "r411", "r412", "r413", "r414", "r415", "r416", "r417", "r418", "r419", "r420", "r421", "r422", "r423", "r424", "r425", "r426", "r429", "r430", "r431", "r432", "r433" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Award under share-based payment arrangement.", "label": "Award Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureStockBasedCompensationSummaryOfRsuActivityDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice": { "auth_ref": [ "r414" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangements by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Exercise Price, Exercised" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice": { "auth_ref": [ "r413" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangements by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Exercise Price, Granted" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r408", "r427", "r428", "r429", "r430", "r433", "r442", "r443" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.", "label": "Share-Based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Stock-based Compensation" } } }, "localname": "ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharePrice": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company.", "label": "Share Price" } } }, "localname": "SharePrice", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Intrinsic value of outstanding award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Outstanding", "periodEndLabel": "Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Ending", "periodStartLabel": "Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Beginning" } } }, "localname": "SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1": { "auth_ref": [ "r429" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term", "terseLabel": "Expected term (in years)" } } }, "localname": "SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionGrantUsingBlackScholesOptionPricingModelWithAssumptionsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1": { "auth_ref": [ "r112" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of difference between fair value of the underlying shares reserved for issuance and exercise price of vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Intrinsic Value", "terseLabel": "Aggregate Intrinsic Value, Exercisable" } } }, "localname": "SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1": { "auth_ref": [ "r112" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average remaining contractual term for vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable or convertible, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years), Exercisable" } } }, "localname": "SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2": { "auth_ref": [ "r109" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term", "terseLabel": "Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (years)" } } }, "localname": "SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "durationItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Per share or per unit amount of equity securities issued.",
```

Copyright © 2023 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

```
"label": "Shares Issued, Price Per Share", "terseLabel": "Shares Issued, Price Per Share", "verboseLabel": "Shares issued, price per share" } } }, "localname": "SharesIssuedPricePerShare", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "perShareItemType" }, "us-gaap_SharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.", "label": "Shares, Outstanding", "periodEndLabel": "Ending balance (in shares)", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning balance (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "SharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable": { "auth_ref": [ "r11", "r186" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of borrowings from a bank classified as other, maturing within one year or operating cycle, if longer.", "label": "Short-Term Bank Loans and Notes Payable", "terseLabel": "Short Term Payable" } } }, "localname": "ShortTermBankLoansAndNotesPayable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost": { "auth_ref": [ "r520", "r626" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LeaseCost", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of short-term lease cost, excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.", "label": "Short-Term Lease, Cost", "terseLabel": "Short-term lease cost" } } }, "localname": "ShortTermLeaseCost", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureLeasesScheduleOfComponentsOfLeaseCostDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_SoftwareToBeSoldLeasedOrOtherwiseMarketedPolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r189" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for costs incurred to (1) establish the technological feasibility of a computer software product to be sold, leased, or otherwise marketed; and (2) produce product masters after establishing technological feasibility. This accounting policy also may apply to purchased computer software. This policy also may address the entity's amortization policy for its capitalized computer software costs and how it evaluates such capitalized costs for impairment.", "label": "Software to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Internal-use Software Development Costs" } } }, "localname": "SoftwareToBeSoldLeasedOrOtherwiseMarketedPolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.", "label": "State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]", "terseLabel": "State" } } }, "localname": "StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r207", "r208", "r209", "r227", "r247", "r252", "r255", "r257", "r265", "r266", "r309", "r348", "r350", "r351", "r352", "r355", "r356", "r357", "r358", "r361", "r365", "r372", "r492", "r593", "r642", "r654", "r660" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.", "label": "Class of Stock [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Class of Stock" } } }, "localname": "StatementClassOfStockAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureRelatedPartyTransactionsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r21", "r94", "r196", "r219", "r220", "r221", "r231", "r232", "r233", "r235", "r241", "r243", "r264", "r310", "r377", "r439", "r440", "r441", "r465", "r466", "r489", "r500", "r501", "r502", "r503", "r504", "r505", "r528", "r553", "r554", "r555" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by component of equity.", "label": "Equity Components [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Equity Components" } } }, "localname": "StatementEquityComponentsAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Statement [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Statement [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "StatementLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StatementTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r231", "r232", "r233", "r264", "r540" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.", "label": "Statement [Table]", "terseLabel": "Statement [Table]" } } }, "localname": "StatementTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions": { "auth_ref": [ "r4", "r5", "r101" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares of stock issued during the period pursuant to acquisitions.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Acquisitions", "terseLabel": "Fair value of Class A common stock issued for acquisitions" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesAcquisitions", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes, but is not limited to, shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Issued for Services", "terseLabel": "Issuance of Class A common stock for stock-based awards, Shares" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues": { "auth_ref": [ "r4", "r5", "r94", "r101" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of new stock issued during the period.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues", "terseLabel": "Issuance of shares (in shares)" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised": { "auth_ref": [ "r4", "r5", "r94", "r101", "r414" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.", "label": "Share-Based Compensation Arrangement by Share-Based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period", "negatedLabel": "Options exercised", "terseLabel": "Options exercised" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationScheduleOfStockOptionActivityDetails" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices": { "auth_ref": [], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes, but is not limited to, services contributed by vendors and founders.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Value, Issued for Services", "terseLabel": "Issuance of Class A common stock for stock-based awards, value" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues": { "auth_ref": [ "r4", "r5", "r94", "r101" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering.", "label": "Stock Issued During Period, Value, New Issues", "terseLabel": "Issuance of shares", "verboseLabel": "Value of shares in acquisition" } } }, "localname": "StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquity": { "auth_ref": [ "r5", "r8", "r9", "r72", "r627", "r655", "r665", "r726" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity", "weight": 1.0 } }, "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.", "label": "Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent", "periodEndLabel": "Ending balance", "periodStartLabel": "Beginning balance", "totalLabel": "Total stockholders\u2019 equity" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquity", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Stockholders\u2019 equity" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r105", "r226", "r358", "r360", "r361", "r362", "r363", "r364", "r365", "r366", "r367", "r368", "r369", "r371", "r377", "r488" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.", "label": "Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Equity" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquity" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1": { "auth_ref": [ "r102" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Ratio applied to the conversion of stock split, for example but not limited to, one share converted to two or two shares converted to one.", "label": "Stockholders' Equity Note, Stock Split, Conversion Ratio", "terseLabel": "Stock split ratio" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio1", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "pureItemType" }, "us-gaap_StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r92" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for its capital stock transactions, including dividends and accumulated other comprehensive income.",
```

```
"label": "Stockholders' Equity, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Stock Split" } } }, "localname": "StockholdersEquityPolicyTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure, which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.", "label": "Subsequent Event [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r506", "r535" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event [Member]", "terseLabel": "Subsequent Event [Member]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventTable": { "auth_ref": [ "r506", "r535" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Discloses pertinent information about one or more significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event [Table]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis": { "auth_ref": [ "r506", "r535" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event Type [Axis]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventTypeAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain": { "auth_ref": [ "r506", "r535" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.", "label": "Subsequent Event Type [Domain]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventTypeDomain", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureSubsequentEventsAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureStockBasedCompensationAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Subsequent Events [Abstract]" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventsAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock": { "auth_ref": [ "r534", "r536" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.", "label": "Subsequent Events [Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Subsequent Events" } } }, "localname": "SubsequentEventsTextBlock", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureSubsequentEvents" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Different names of stock transactions and the different attributes of each transaction.", "label": "Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee, Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table]", "terseLabel": "Subsidiary Or Equity Method Investee Sale Of Stock By Subsidiary Or Equity Investee [Table]" } } }, "localname": "SubsidiaryOrEquityMethodInvesteeSaleOfStockBySubsidiaryOrEquityInvesteeTable", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Information by type of sale of the entity's stock.", "label": "Sale of Stock [Axis]", "terseLabel": "Sale of Stock" } } }, "localname": "SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureEquityAdditionalInformationDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.", "label": "Subsidiary, Sale of Stock [Line Items]", "terseLabel": "Subsidiary Sale Of Stock [Line Items]" } } }, "localname": "SubsidiarySaleOfStockLineItems", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureOrganizationAndDescriptionOfBusinessDetails" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:" } } }, "localname": "SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r191", "r192", "r193", "r304", "r305", "r307" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for accounts receivable.", "label": "Accounts Receivable [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Accounts and Other Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses" } } }, "localname": "TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableUnbilledReceivablesPolicy": { "auth_ref": [ "r308" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for treatment of receivables that are billable but have not been billed as of the balance sheet date.", "label": "Trade and Other Accounts Receivable, Unbilled Receivables, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Treasury Stock" } } }, "localname": "TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableUnbilledReceivablesPolicy", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_TrademarksMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r134" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name, symbol or other device or style.", "label": "Trademarks [Member]", "terseLabel": "Trademark [Member]" } } }, "localname": "TrademarksMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureBusinessCombinationsScheduleOfFairValuesAndEstimatedUsefulLivesOfIntangibleAssetsDetails", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsSummaryOfIntagibleAssetsDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember": { "auth_ref": [ "r20", "r103" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.", "label": "Treasury Stock [Member]", "terseLabel": "Treasury Stock" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryStockMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersEquity" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares": { "auth_ref": [ "r20", "r103" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends.", "label": "Treasury Stock, Shares", "periodEndLabel": "Treasury Stock, Shares, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Treasury Stock, Shares, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Treasury stock, shares", "totalLabel": "Treasury Stock, Shares, Total" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryStockShares", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue": { "auth_ref": [ "r20", "r103", "r104" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets": { "order": 2.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_StockholdersEquity", "weight": -1.0 } }, "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury.", "label": "Treasury Stock, Value", "negatedLabel": "Treasury stock at cost, zero and 320 Series A preferred shares; and zero and 1,306,412 common shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively", "periodEndLabel": "Treasury Stock, Value, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Treasury Stock, Value, Beginning Balance", "totalLabel": "Treasury Stock, Value, Total" } } }, "localname": "TreasuryStockValue", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedBalanceSheets" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits": { "auth_ref": [ "r446", "r454" ], "crdr": "credit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.", "label": "Unrecognized Tax Benefits", "periodEndLabel": "Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Ending Balance", "periodStartLabel": "Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Beginning Balance", "terseLabel": "Unrecognized Tax Benefits" } } }, "localname": "UnrecognizedTaxBenefits", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureIncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_UseOfEstimates": { "auth_ref": [ "r62", "r63", "r64", "r267", "r268", "r270", "r271" ], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.", "label": "Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]", "terseLabel": "Use of Estimates" } } }, "localname": "UseOfEstimates", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies" ], "xbrltype": "textBlockItemType" }, "us-gaap_UtilitiesOperatingExpenseDepreciationAndAmortization": { "auth_ref": [ "r33" ], "crdr": "debit", "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Amount of operating expense for depreciation and amortization of regulated operation.", "label": "Utilities Operating Expense, Depreciation and Amortization", "terseLabel": "Amortization expense in operating expenses" } } }, "localname": "UtilitiesOperatingExpenseDepreciationAndAmortization", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/Role_DisclosureBasisOfPresentationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails" ], "xbrltype": "monetaryItemType" }, "us-gaap_WarrantMember": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Security that gives the holder the right to purchase shares of stock in accordance with the terms of the instrument, usually upon payment of a specified amount.", "label": "Warrant [Member]", "verboseLabel": "Warrants [Member]" } } }, "localname": "WarrantMember", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsExcludedFromIncomeLossPerDilutedShareDetails" ], "xbrltype": "domainItemType" }, "us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding": { "auth_ref": [ "r246", "r257" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe1": { "order": null, "parentTag": null, "root": true, "weight": null } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.", "label": "Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted", "terseLabel": "Diluted", "totalLabel": "Weighter-average shares of common stock - diluted", "verboseLabel": "Weighter-average shares of common stock - diluted" } } }, "localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" }, "us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract": { "auth_ref": [], "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "label": "Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted [Abstract]", "terseLabel": "Weighted-average number of shares used to compute net (loss) income per share attributable to common stock", "verboseLabel": "Denominator:" } } }, "localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "stringItemType" }, "us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic": { "auth_ref": [ "r244", "r257" ], "calculation": { "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe1": { "order": 0.0, "parentTag": "us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding", "weight": 1.0 } }, "lang": { "en-us": { "role": { "documentation": "Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.", "label": "Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic", "terseLabel": "Basic", "totalLabel": "Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic, Total", "verboseLabel": "Weighter-average shares of common stock - basic" } } }, "localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic", "nsuri": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2022", "presentation": [ "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/DisclosureNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockScheduleOfComputationOfBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAttributableToCommonStockDe", "http://www.paymentus.com/20221231/taxonomy/role/StatementConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations" ], "xbrltype": "sharesItemType" } }, "unitCount": 5 } }, "std_ref": { "r0": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "205", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122149", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r1": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(20))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r10": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S99", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(32))", "Topic": "210", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r100": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=126973232&loc=d3e21538-112644", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r101": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1",
```

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r102": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 4.C)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187143-122770",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r103": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r104": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405834&amp;loc=d3e23315-112656",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r105": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2208762",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r106": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r107": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r108": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r109": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r11": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a)(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r110": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r111": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r112": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r113": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=SL79508275-113901",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r114": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126964447&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r115": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126964447&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r116": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "730",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420194&amp;loc=d3e21568-108373",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r117": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r118": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r119": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32718-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r12": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r120": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r121": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r122": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32559-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r123": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r124": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r125": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.7)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r126": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "05",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)-(d)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6909625&amp;loc=d3e227-128457",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r127": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "16",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123586518&amp;loc=d3e961-128460",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r128": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79982066&amp;loc=d3e1392-128463",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r129": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79982066&amp;loc=d3e1392-128463",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r13": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a),20,24)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r130": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79982066&amp;loc=d3e1486-128463",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r131": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "37",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123455525&amp;loc=d3e2207-128464",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r132": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128092470&amp;loc=d3e4845-128472",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r133": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128092470&amp;loc=d3e4845-128472",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r134": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410050&amp;loc=d3e5263-128473",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r135": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410050&amp;loc=d3e5333-128473",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r136": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "38",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123410050&amp;loc=d3e5504-128473",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r137": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "30",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126966197&amp;loc=d3e6578-128477",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r138": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "30",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126966197&amp;loc=d3e6613-128477",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r139": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975305&amp;loc=d3e6927-128479",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r14": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19-26)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r140": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(4)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975305&amp;loc=d3e6927-128479",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r141": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "740",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126966508&amp;loc=d3e9972-128506",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r142": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "740",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126966508&amp;loc=d3e9979-128506",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r143": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2303972",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r144": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "19",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126929396&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r145": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126929396&amp;loc=SL4569643-111683",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r146": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=d3e5614-111684",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r147": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(3)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r148": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c),(3)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r149": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2197479",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r15": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.20)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r150": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125515794&amp;loc=SL5618551-113959",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r151": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125515794&amp;loc=SL5624163-113959",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r152": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "820",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126976982&amp;loc=d3e19207-110258",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r153": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "825",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123594938&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r154": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "21",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "825",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123594938&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r155": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "230",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123444420&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r156": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r157": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r158": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r159": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-10(c)(3)(ii)(A))",

"Topic": "932", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954596&amp;loc=d3e511914-122862", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r16": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.21)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r160": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-10(c)(7)(ii))",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954596&amp;loc=d3e511914-122862",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r161": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-10.(c)(7)(i))",

"Topic": "932",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954596&amp;loc=d3e511914-122862",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r162": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "940",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126941158&amp;loc=d3e41242-110953",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r163": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(1)(a))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r164": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(11))",

"Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r165": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(15)(1))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r166": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(15)(2))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r167": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(23))",

"Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r168": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(5))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r169": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.17)",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r17": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r170": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.7(e))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r171": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(11))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r172": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(15))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r173": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(22))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r174": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.11)",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r175": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "405",

"Topic": "942", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957935&amp;loc=d3e64057-112817", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r176": { "Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "825",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126941378&amp;loc=d3e61044-112788",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r177": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(10))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r178": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))",

"Topic": "944", "URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910", "role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef" }, "r179": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(12))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r18": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.25)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r180": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(15)(b)(1))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r181": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(2))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r182": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r183": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(25))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r184": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(8))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r185": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.(a),19)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r186": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.16)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r187": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(18))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r188": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(8))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r189": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "985",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6501960&amp;loc=d3e128462-111756",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r19": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r190": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r191": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=SL6953423-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r192": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=d3e5212-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r193": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=d3e5093-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r194": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "840",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406127&amp;loc=d3e45031-112735",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r195": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "840",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2208923",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/otherTransitionRef"

},

"r196": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "105",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126987489&amp;loc=SL124442142-165695",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r197": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "205",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109222650&amp;loc=SL51721683-107760",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r198": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r199": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6904-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r2": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(26)(a))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r20": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29,30)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r200": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r201": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(13))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r202": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(14))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r203": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(15))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r204": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(16))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r205": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(17))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r206": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(18))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r207": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(27)(b))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r208": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r209": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r21": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29-31)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r210": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r211": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(4))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r212": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(9))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r213": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669619-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r214": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669619-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r215": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669619-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r216": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669625-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r217": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669625-108580",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r218": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL116659661-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r219": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442407-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r22": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a-c)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r220": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442411-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r221": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124452729-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r222": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(24))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r223": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(25))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r224": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3000-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r225": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r226": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(e)(1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r227": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r228": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r229": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(2))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r23": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r230": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r231": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "23",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21914-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r232": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21930-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r233": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21711-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r234": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22499-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r235": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(3)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22499-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r236": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22694-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r237": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22694-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r238": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22583-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r239": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22595-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r24": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=d3e637-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r240": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22644-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r241": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22644-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r242": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22658-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r243": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431687&amp;loc=d3e22663-107794",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r244": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1448-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r245": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1377-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r246": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "16",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1505-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r247": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r248": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1707-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r249": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "23",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1757-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r25": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=d3e681-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r250": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "26",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1828-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r251": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1500-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r252": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1278-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r253": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=SL5780133-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r254": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=SL5780133-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r255": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=SL5780133-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r256": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e1337-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r257": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r258": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r259": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3630-109257",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r26": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r260": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109243012&amp;loc=SL65017193-207537",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r261": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128363288&amp;loc=d3e3842-109258",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r262": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2144383",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r263": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "270",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126900988&amp;loc=SL124452896-108306",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r264": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125520817&amp;loc=d3e70191-108054",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r265": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6373374&amp;loc=d3e70434-108055",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r266": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6373374&amp;loc=d3e70478-108055",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r267": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r268": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r269": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r27": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126968391&amp;loc=d3e557-108580",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r270": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6161-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r271": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6191-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r272": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8657-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r273": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "21",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8721-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r274": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "21",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8721-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r275": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r276": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r277": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r278": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r279": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "22",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r28": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(1))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r280": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "26",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8844-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r281": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r282": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r283": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r284": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r285": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r286": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r287": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r288": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r289": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r29": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(10))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r290": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "31",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8924-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r291": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r292": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r293": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r294": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r295": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r296": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r297": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "34",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8981-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r298": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "40",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9031-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r299": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r3": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(26)(b))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r30": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(20))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r300": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r301": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r302": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "42",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9054-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r303": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2134510",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r304": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=d3e4975-111524",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r305": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=d3e5033-111524",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r306": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=d3e5074-111524",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r307": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84159169&amp;loc=d3e10133-111534",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r308": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2196771",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r309": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=114001798&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r31": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(4))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r310": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122640432&amp;loc=SL121648383-210437",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r311": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124255206&amp;loc=SL82895884-210446",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r312": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124255953&amp;loc=SL82919249-210447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r313": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124255953&amp;loc=SL82919249-210447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r314": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124255953&amp;loc=SL82919249-210447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r315": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124255953&amp;loc=SL82919249-210447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r316": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "340",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126905575&amp;loc=SL49131252-203054",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r317": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99380562&amp;loc=d3e13770-109266",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r318": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r319": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r32": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.1,2)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r320": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r321": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r322": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r323": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r324": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r325": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r326": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r327": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=SL108378252-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r328": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r329": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r33": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2(b))",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r330": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r331": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r332": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r333": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r334": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109226691&amp;loc=d3e2941-110230",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r335": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(1)",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r336": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r337": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r338": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r339": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(1))",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=115931487&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r34": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r340": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2))",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=115931487&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r341": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(d))",

"Topic": "420",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=115931487&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r342": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "440",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406679&amp;loc=d3e25336-109308",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r343": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "440",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406679&amp;loc=d3e25336-109308",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r344": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121557415&amp;loc=d3e14435-108349",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r345": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121557415&amp;loc=d3e14557-108349",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r346": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q2)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011672&amp;loc=d3e149879-122751",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r347": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q4)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011672&amp;loc=d3e149879-122751",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r348": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r349": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(A))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r35": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.4)",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126953954&amp;loc=SL114868664-224227",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r350": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r351": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(5))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r352": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r353": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r354": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r355": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r356": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(5))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442552-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r357": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r358": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r359": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r36": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r360": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(g)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r361": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r362": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(i)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r363": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r364": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496171-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r365": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496171-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r366": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496171-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r367": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "16",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496180-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r368": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r369": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r37": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r370": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r371": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496189-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r372": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r373": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r374": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r375": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r376": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r377": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r378": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130531-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r379": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130532-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r38": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r380": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130533-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r381": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130551-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r382": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r383": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r384": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r385": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r386": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130554-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r387": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130556-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r388": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130556-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r389": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130558-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r39": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r390": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130543-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r391": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130545-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r392": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130549-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r393": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130550-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r394": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=49130388",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r395": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(3)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r396": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(i)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r397": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(01)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r398": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e2709-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r399": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450657-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r4": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r40": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r400": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1D",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126961718&amp;loc=SL116886442-113899",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r401": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126961718&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r402": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126961718&amp;loc=d3e4549-113899",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r403": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126962052&amp;loc=d3e4991-113900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r404": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r405": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r406": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r407": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r408": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r409": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r41": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r410": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r411": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r412": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r413": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r414": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r415": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r416": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(04)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r417": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r418": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r419": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r42": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r420": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r421": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r422": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r423": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r424": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r425": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r426": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r427": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r428": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r429": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r43": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r430": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r431": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r432": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r433": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(v)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r434": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)(1)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r435": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r436": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r437": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r438": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(l)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r439": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128097895&amp;loc=SL121327923-165333",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r44": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r440": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128097895&amp;loc=SL121327923-165333",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r441": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128097895&amp;loc=SL121327923-165333",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r442": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 14.D.2.Q6)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122041274&amp;loc=d3e301413-122809",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r443": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2228938",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r444": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "35",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "720",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420018&amp;loc=d3e36677-107848",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r445": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "35",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "720",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6420018&amp;loc=d3e36677-107848",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r446": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=SL37586934-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r447": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e32247-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r448": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e32280-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r449": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e31917-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r45": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r450": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123427490&amp;loc=d3e31931-109318",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r451": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32672-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r452": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r453": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32705-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r454": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r455": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32809-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r456": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "19",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32840-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r457": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r458": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r459": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r46": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r460": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32847-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r461": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "21",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32857-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r462": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r463": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r464": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r465": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(2)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126983759&amp;loc=SL121830611-158277",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r466": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(3)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126983759&amp;loc=SL121830611-158277",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r467": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r468": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r469": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r47": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r470": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r471": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.3)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r472": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r473": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.C)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330215-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r474": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123586238&amp;loc=d3e38679-109324",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r475": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "270",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6424409&amp;loc=d3e44925-109338",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r476": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6424122&amp;loc=d3e41874-109331",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r477": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2144680",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r478": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128092470&amp;loc=d3e4946-128472",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r479": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128092470&amp;loc=d3e4946-128472",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r48": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r480": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(1)",

"Topic": "805",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975305&amp;loc=d3e6927-128479",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r481": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "19",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126929396&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r482": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=116870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-165988",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r483": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=116870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-165988",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r484": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r485": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=SL4573702-111684",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r486": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(bb)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123419778&amp;loc=d3e5710-111685",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r487": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123419778&amp;loc=d3e5710-111685",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r488": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126731327&amp;loc=SL126733271-114008",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r489": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(3)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r49": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r490": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(4)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r491": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r492": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "825",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123596393&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r493": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126980362&amp;loc=d3e28228-110885",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r494": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126980362&amp;loc=d3e28129-110885",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r495": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123602790&amp;loc=d3e30226-110892",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r496": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "35",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123602790&amp;loc=d3e30304-110892",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r497": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125521441&amp;loc=d3e30690-110894",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r498": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124440516&amp;loc=d3e30840-110895",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r499": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32022-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r5": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r50": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4273-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r500": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32136-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r501": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r502": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r503": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r504": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=118261656&amp;loc=d3e32211-110900",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r505": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32583-110901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r506": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32618-110901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r507": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2175825",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r508": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918627-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r509": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918627-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r51": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r510": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918638-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r511": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918643-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r512": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918643-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r513": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123391704&amp;loc=SL77918643-209977",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r514": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918666-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r515": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r516": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r517": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r518": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r519": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r52": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r520": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r521": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(1)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r522": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(2)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r523": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(3)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r524": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(4)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r525": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r526": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918701-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r527": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124258985&amp;loc=SL77919396-209981",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r528": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)(iii)(03)",

"Topic": "848",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125980421&amp;loc=SL125981372-237846",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r529": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r53": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4313-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r530": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r531": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r532": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39691-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r533": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122745",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r534": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "855",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-165662",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r535": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "855",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-165662",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r536": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "855",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122774",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r537": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r538": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "910",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126937589&amp;loc=SL119991595-234733",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r539": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "912",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126938201&amp;loc=d3e55415-109406",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r54": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=d3e4332-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r540": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 11.L)",

"Topic": "924",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6472922&amp;loc=d3e499488-122856",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r541": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "926",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120154696&amp;loc=d3e54445-107959",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r542": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "340",

"Topic": "928",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6473545&amp;loc=d3e61844-108004",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r543": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(10)(1))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r544": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(26))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r545": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(27))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399700&amp;loc=SL114874048-224260",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r546": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "235",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-05(b)(2))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120399901&amp;loc=d3e537907-122884",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r547": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124429447&amp;loc=SL124453093-239630",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r548": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126734703&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r549": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(22))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r55": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126999549&amp;loc=SL98516268-108586",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r550": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(23))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r551": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "220",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(9))",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120400993&amp;loc=SL114874131-224263",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r552": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124506351&amp;loc=SL117782755-158439",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r553": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r554": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(1)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r555": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r556": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r557": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r558": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(h)(2)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL117420844-207641",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r559": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "825",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123600520&amp;loc=SL75241803-196195",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r56": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2122369",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r560": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column B)(Footnote 1))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r561": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column B)(Footnote 6))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r562": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column B)(Footnote 7))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r563": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column C)(Footnote 1))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r564": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column C)(Footnote 6))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r565": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column C)(Footnote 7))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r566": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column D)(Footnote 1))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r567": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column D)(Footnote 6))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r568": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-12B(Column D)(Footnote 7))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611197-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r569": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5D",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-13D(Column B)(Footnote 2))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=SL120429264-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r57": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r570": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5D",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-13D(Column C)(Footnote 2))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=SL120429264-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r571": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-15(Column A))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611379-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r572": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-15(Column B))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611379-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r573": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-15(Column C))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611379-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r574": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "320",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-15(Column D))",

"Topic": "946",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122147990&amp;loc=d3e611379-123010",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r575": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))",

"Topic": "948",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402547&amp;loc=d3e617274-123014",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r576": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Topic": "954",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126942805&amp;loc=d3e3115-115594",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r577": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "440",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "954",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6491277&amp;loc=d3e6429-115629",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r578": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "958",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126982197&amp;loc=d3e99779-112916",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r579": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Topic": "958",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126982197&amp;loc=d3e99893-112916",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r58": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "270",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2126967",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r580": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Topic": "958",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126982197&amp;loc=SL120174063-112916",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r581": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column B))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r582": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column C))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r583": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column D))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r584": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column E))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r585": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column F))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r586": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column G))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r587": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column H))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r588": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Column I))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r589": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "360",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))",

"Topic": "970",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e638233-123024",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r59": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r590": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "976",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6497875&amp;loc=d3e22274-108663",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r591": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "310",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "978",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126945304&amp;loc=d3e27327-108691",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r592": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "985",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6501960&amp;loc=d3e128462-111756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r593": {

"Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)",

"Number": "229",

"Paragraph": "(a)",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "1402",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r594": {

"Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)",

"Number": "229",

"Paragraph": "(a)",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "1405",

"Subparagraph": "(1)",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r595": {

"Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)",

"Number": "229",

"Paragraph": "(a)",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "1405",

"Subparagraph": "(3)",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r596": {

"Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)",

"Number": "229",

"Paragraph": "(c)",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "1405",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/disclosureRef"

},

"r597": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r598": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126899994&amp;loc=d3e18823-107790",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r599": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126899994&amp;loc=d3e18823-107790",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r6": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r60": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r600": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126899994&amp;loc=d3e18823-107790",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r601": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "52",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128363288&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r602": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r603": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "31",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8924-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r604": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124267575&amp;loc=SL82921835-210448",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r605": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "79",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124267575&amp;loc=SL82922352-210448",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r606": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122137925&amp;loc=d3e14258-109268",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r607": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=SL123496158-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r608": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130551-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r609": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r61": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r610": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r611": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r612": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r613": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r614": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r615": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(g)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r616": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(ii)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r617": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(iv)(01)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123447040&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r618": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "17",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123450688&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r619": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123450688&amp;loc=d3e4587-114921",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r62": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6061-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r620": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450702-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r621": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65877416&amp;loc=SL14450673-114947",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r622": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "80",

"Topic": "715",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=35742348&amp;loc=SL14450788-114948",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r623": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r624": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4J",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120409616&amp;loc=SL4591551-111686",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r625": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4K",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "810",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120409616&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r626": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "53",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123414884&amp;loc=SL77918982-209971",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r627": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "852",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84165509&amp;loc=d3e56426-112766",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r628": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13H",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126561865&amp;loc=SL117783719-158441",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r629": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13H",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126561865&amp;loc=SL117783719-158441",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r63": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6132-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r630": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "29F",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126561865&amp;loc=SL117819544-158441",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/exampleRef"

},

"r631": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "b",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r632": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "b-2",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r633": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "b-23",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r634": {

"Name": "Exchange Act",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "12",

"Subsection": "d1-1",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r635": {

"Name": "Form 10-K",

"Number": "249",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "310",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r636": {

"Name": "Form 20-F",

"Number": "249",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "220",

"Subsection": "f",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r637": {

"Name": "Form 40-F",

"Number": "249",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "240",

"Subsection": "f",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r638": {

"Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F",

"Number": "240",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "13",

"Subsection": "a-1",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r639": {

"Name": "Regulation S-T",

"Number": "232",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "405",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r64": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6143-108592",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r640": {

"Name": "Securities Act",

"Number": "230",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "405",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r641": {

"Name": "Securities Act",

"Number": "7A",

"Publisher": "SEC",

"Section": "B",

"Subsection": "2",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef"

},

"r642": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125520817&amp;loc=d3e70229-108054",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/recommendedDisclosureRef"

},

"r643": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(27)(b))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r644": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r645": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(3)(a)(4))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r646": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(8))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r647": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(9))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r648": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442407-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r649": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124442411-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r65": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "a",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r650": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "220",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124431353&amp;loc=SL124452729-227067",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r651": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "14",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r652": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r653": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "230",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126954810&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r654": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(d))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r655": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r656": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(1)(Note 1))",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r657": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "23",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21914-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r658": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21930-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r659": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124436220&amp;loc=d3e21711-107793",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r66": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "b",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r660": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "55",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126958026&amp;loc=d3e2626-109256",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r661": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124432515&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r662": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=99393423&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r663": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "18",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e8672-108599",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r664": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124259787&amp;loc=d3e4647-111522",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r665": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=114001798&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r666": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "326",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124255953&amp;loc=SL82919249-210447",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r667": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r668": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r669": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r67": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126901519&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r670": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r671": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(e)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r672": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r673": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(g)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r674": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r675": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r676": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=SL108378252-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r677": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121556970&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r678": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "410",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6393242&amp;loc=d3e13237-110859",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r679": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121557415&amp;loc=d3e14557-108349",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r68": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=SL6953423-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r680": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.Y.Q2)",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=27011672&amp;loc=d3e149879-122751",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r681": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "450",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2127136",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r682": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(ii))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r683": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1A",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii))",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126975872&amp;loc=SL124442526-122756",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r684": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123466505&amp;loc=SL123495323-112611",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r685": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r686": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130531-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r687": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126919976&amp;loc=SL49130534-203044",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r688": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(1)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130556-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r689": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920106&amp;loc=SL49130545-203045",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r69": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=SL6953423-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r690": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "91",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "55",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "606",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126920602&amp;loc=SL49130690-203046-203046",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r691": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r692": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r693": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r694": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r695": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r696": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r697": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r698": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r699": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r7": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r70": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(3)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=SL6953423-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r700": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r701": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)(iv)(04)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r702": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r703": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r704": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r705": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(01)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r706": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(02)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r707": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)(iii)(03)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r708": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r709": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r71": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "11B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(4)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123577603&amp;loc=SL6953423-111524",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r710": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(1)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r711": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(2)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r712": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r713": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(ii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r714": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iii)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r715": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(iv)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r716": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)(2)(v)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r717": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(i)",

"Topic": "718",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128089324&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r718": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r719": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r72": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 4.E)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122038336&amp;loc=d3e74512-122707",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r720": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r721": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r722": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r723": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.7)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r724": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)",

"Topic": "740",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122134291&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r725": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Subparagraph": "(e)(3)",

"Topic": "815",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126732423&amp;loc=SL123482106-238011",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r726": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "28",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "825",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123596393&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r727": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "230",

"Topic": "830",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123444420&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r728": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r729": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918673-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r73": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r730": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918686-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r731": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "842",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=128292326&amp;loc=SL77918701-209980",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r732": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "850",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39599-107864",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r733": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "852",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124433192&amp;loc=SL2890621-112765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r734": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "852",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124433192&amp;loc=SL2890621-112765",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r735": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(1)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r736": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(2)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r737": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(c)(3)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107207-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r738": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(1)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r739": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r74": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16225-109274",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r740": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(3)",

"Topic": "860",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121570589&amp;loc=d3e107314-111719",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r741": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "730",

"Topic": "912",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6472174&amp;loc=d3e58812-109433",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r742": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "210",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(7)(2))",

"Topic": "942",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126897435&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r743": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4H",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "40",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=116884468&amp;loc=SL65671331-158438",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r744": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "825",

"Topic": "944",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123600520&amp;loc=SL75241803-196195",

"role": "http://www.xbrl.org/2009/role/commonPracticeRef"

},

"r75": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r76": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r77": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "((a)(1),(b))",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r78": {

}

}

},

"version": "2.2"

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r79": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r8": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r80": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(2)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r81": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "30",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(3)",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=66006027&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r82": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "350",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2144416",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r83": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r84": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r85": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r86": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r87": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "360",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2155823",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r88": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "440",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2144648",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r89": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "20",

"Topic": "470",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123466302&amp;loc=d3e4724-112606",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r9": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(31))",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r90": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S99",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(CFRR 211.02)",

"Topic": "480",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=122040564&amp;loc=d3e177068-122764",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r91": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=65888546&amp;loc=d3e21300-112643",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r92": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21459-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r93": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21553-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r94": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r95": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21475-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r96": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21484-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r97": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21488-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r98": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21506-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"

},

"r99": {

"Name": "Accounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "505",

"URI": "https://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=126973232&amp;loc=d3e21521-112644",

"role": "http://fasb.org/us-gaap/role/ref/legacyRef"