<!-- image -->

## 2022 Annual Report

## CONTENTS

| - 2 Company Profile  - 3 Corporate Information  5  Chairman's Statement  - 7 Financial Highlights  - 8 Business Highlights  - 12 Management Discussion and Analysis  36  Directors and Senior Management  - 50 Report of Directors  83  Corporate Governance Report  - 102 Environmental, Social and Governance Report  - 146 Independent Auditor's Report  - 152 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss  - 153 Consolidated Balance Sheet  155  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  - 156 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  157  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  - 239 Financial Summary  - 240 Definitions   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COMPANY PROFILE

## Overview

Our  Company  is  a  global  provider  of  innovative  medical  products  and  solutions.  We  focus  on  the  high-growth interventional procedural medical device market in China. Our products and product candidates target the large, fast-growing  and  under-penetrated  markets  with  high  entry  barriers,  including  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic medical device market and neurointerventional procedural medical device market.

## Our Vision

To be a respected global high-tech medical enterprise focusing on patients and holding to its original spirit.

## Our Mission

Committed  to  providing  the  safe,  effective  and  affordable  products  and  solutions,  alleviating  the  suffering  of patients and improving patients' quality of life through ongoing innovation.

## Our Product Pipeline

As  of  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  our  product  pipeline  consists  of  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic  and neurointerventional products and product candidates. For our Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business, we have two commercialized TAVR systems - TaurusOne ®  and TaurusElite ® , three commercialized procedural accessories and  various  Transcatheter  Aortic  Valve  Replacement,  Transcatheter  Mitral  Valve  and  Transcatheter  Tricuspid Valve Replacement and Repair product candidates at different stage of development. For our Neurointerventional Business,  we  have  fourteen  commercialized  products  and  various  product  candidates  at  different  stage  of development covering hemorrhagic stroke, ischemic stroke and vascular access.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Dr. Yi ZHANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG Ms. Hong YE

## Non-executive Directors

Dr. Zhiyun YU

Mr. Jifeng GUAN

Mr. Fei CHEN Mr. Jun YANG

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS Mr. Wai Ming YIP Mr. Huacheng WEI

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. Wai Ming YIP (Chairman) Mr. Jifeng GUAN Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS Mr. Huacheng WEI

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS (Chairman) Dr. Zhiyun YU Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE Mr. Huacheng WEI

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Dr. Yi ZHANG (Chairman)

Mr. Fei CHEN Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE Mr. Wai Ming YIP Mr. Huacheng WEI

## Notes:

1. Ms. Pui Chun Hannah SUEN has been resigned as company secretary and authorized representative with effect from June 17, 2022.
2. Ms. Hing Ling CHAU has been appointed as company secretary and authorized representative with effect from June 17, 2022.

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Floor 4, Willow House Cricket Square Grand Cayman, KY1-9010 Cayman Islands

## CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS

8 Zhongtian Street Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou Jiangsu Province PRC

## PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

Room 1901, 19/F, Lee Garden One 33 Hysan Avenue Causeway Bay Hong Kong

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Pui Chun Hannah SUEN  (Note 1) Ms. Hing Ling CHAU  (Note 2)

## AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

Ms. Hong YE Ms. Pui Chun Hannah SUEN  (Note 1)

Ms. Hing Ling CHAU  (Note 2)

## AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers

Certified Public Accountants and

Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor

## LEGAL ADVISER

As to Hong Kong and United States laws: O'Melveny &amp; Myers

## COMPLIANCE ADVISER

Maxa Capital Limited

## PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR

Campbells Corporate Services Limited Floor 4, Willow House Cricket Square Grand Cayman, KY1-9010 Cayman Islands

## HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE

Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Wan Chai Hong Kong

## STOCK CODE

9996

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.peijiamedical.com

## LISTING DATE

May 15, 2020

## PRINCIPAL BANKS

## Bank of China Suzhou Industrial Park Branch

8 Suzhou Avenue West Suzhou Industrial Park Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province PRC

## Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Zhangjiang Technology Sub-Branch

151 Keyuan Road Pudong New Area Shanghai PRC

## Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Suzhou Jinchang Sub-branch

483 Suzhou Chang Xu Road Gusu District Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province PRC

## CHAIRMAN' S STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

Dear Shareholders,

Throughout  2022,  the  healthcare  sector  in  China  experienced  significant  challenges  that  were  deeply  felt  by every  practitioner  in  the  industry.  Despite  a  complex  and  volatile  macroeconomic  environment,  the  employees of  Peijia  Medical  showed  incredible  resilience  by  achieving  impressive  results  in  R&amp;D,  manufacturing  and commercialization, and by delivering on the performance guidance the Company had provided at the beginning of last year.

## TRANSCATHETER VALVE THERAPEUTIC BUSINESS

Peijia is the third company in the Chinese market to offer transcatheter aortic valve replacement product, yet we still captured unprecedented market share of approximately 14% in 2022, our first full year of commercialization. We  placed  our  products  in  195  new  hospitals,  bringing  our  total  penetration  to  nearly  300  hospitals.  Despite stiff  competition and a challenging market environment, our highly professional and exceptionally efficient sales team was able to produce significant growth for the Company. In terms of R&amp;D, we have been investing in the development of our broadest pipeline of valve disease therapies and are pleased that certain core products are gradually  entering  human  trials.  In  the  past  year,  we  successfully  launched  the  multi-center  registration  clinical trials  of  the  HighLife ®   Trans-septal  Mitral  Valve  Replacement  (TSMVR)  system  and  the  GeminiOne ®   Mitral  Valve Transcatheter Edge-to-Edge Repair (TEER) system, and completed the first FIM clinical implantation of the tricuspid valve replacement (TTVR) product, MonarQ™, in Copenhagen, Denmark. Meanwhile, as of the date of the annual

Dr. Yi ZHANG Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Director

report, we have successfully completed the technology transfer of the Trilogy™ Heart Valve System, the world's first  CE-approved transfemoral product with dual indications for aortic regurgitation and stenosis, and will soon launch the registration clinical trial in China.

## NEUROINTERVENTIONAL BUSINESS

We  are  pleased  to  have  achieved  51.7%  revenue  growth  in  Peijia's  Neurointerventional  Business  despite  a challenging  market  and  policy  environment.  We  continued  to  expand  our  ischemic  portfolio  while  deepening our  presence  in  the  hemorrhagic  market.  In  2022,  the  registration  applications  of  our  Fastunnel ®   Delivery Balloon  Dilatation  Catheter,  Syphonet ®   Stent  Retriever,  Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter  and  Fluxcap ®   Balloon Guide  Catheter  were  approved  by  the  National  Medical  Products  Administration  of  the  PRC  (NMPA).  With  the commercialization  of  these  four  products,  we  have  built  a  complete  pipeline  covering  all  major  strokes  and cerebrovascular  diseases.  Additionally,  our  product  and  procedure  innovations  through  medical-engineering cooperation  (e.g.  the  'zero  exchange'  technology  of  Fastunnel ®   and  BASIS  technology  which  is  based  on Syphonet ® )  have  established  a  unique  brand  identity  that  is  highly  recognized  by  physicians,  further  driving sustainable growth in our Neurointerventional Business.

2022  marks  the  third  year  of  Peijia  Medical's  listing  on  the  Hong  Kong  Stock  Exchange  and  since  our  initial listing,  the Company has achieved several key milestones in our growth story. Revenue has grown rapidly, from RMB23.9  million  in  2019  to  RMB250.8  million  in  2022;  five  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic  products  and  eight neurointerventional products were commercialized since 2019; and our team has expanded from approximately 300 employees at the end of 2019 to 927 employees at the end of 2022. All of these achievements are directly linked  to  the  support  we  have  received  from  the  capital  markets  and  our  committed  shareholders.  Peijia's management team will continue to utilize all available resources to accelerate the company's growth and fulfill the original intention and spirit of the Stock Exchange to allow pre-revenue biotech companies to list under Chapter 18A.

In  2023,  our  new  headquarters  in  Suzhou  Industrial  Park  will  be  completed  and  will  open  for  operation  as  the company embarks on substantial initiatives in R&amp;D, manufacturing, commercialization and globalization. Looking ahead, Peijia Medical will continue to focus on R&amp;D and strive to meet the large unmet needs of patients in China with  innovative,  safe  and  effective  products.  Additionally,  we  will  further  enhance  our  competitive  advantages, gain  a  larger  market  share,  and  ultimately  deliver  even  more  shareholder  value.  In  the  future,  we  plan  to leverage  our  innovative  technology  and  independent  patents  to  launch  a  globalization  strategy  and  develop  a differentiated  path  for  each  core  product  that  has  the  potential  to  compete  on  a  global  stage.  We  hope  that through the persistent efforts of all Peijia employees and a renewed commitment to investments in research and development, Peijia Medical will become a global medical device company.

Yours sincerely

## Dr. Yi ZHANG

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Director

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

The following table sets out a comparison between key financial figures for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| For the year ended December 31,  2022  2021  changes  %  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  Operating Results  Revenue  250,833  136,534  114,299  83.7%  Gross profit  176,201  95,654  80,547  84.2%  Operating loss  (442,548)  (598,801)  156,253  (26.1%)  Loss before income tax  (398,235)  (574,216)  175,981  (30.6%)  Loss for the year and attributable to  owners of the parent company  (407,809)  (574,216)  166,407  (29.0%)  Total comprehensive loss for the year and  attributable to owners of the parent  company  (407,809)  (574,216)  166,407  (29.0%)  Research and development expenses  (373,127)  (445,879)  72,752  (16.3%)  Including: One-time BD expenses*  (226,111)  (314,575)  88,464  (28.1%)  Loss per share  Basic and diluted loss per share (RMB)  (0.61)  (0.86)  0.25  (29.1%)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* This item is not required by, or presented in consolidated financial statements in accordance with, IFRS.

| As at December 31,  2022  2021  changes  %  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  Financial Position  Non-current assets  1,309,026  737,307  571,719  77.5%  Cash and cash equivalents  1,669,665  2,296,112  (626,447)  (27.3%)  Other current assets  337,783  130,249  207,534  159.3%  Total assets  3,316,474  3,163,668  152,806  4.8%  Non-current liabilities  100,836  25,776  75,060  291.2%  Current liabilities  578,023  118,707  459,316  386.9%  Total liabilities  678,859  144,483  534,376  369.9%  Total equity/(deficit)  2,637,615  3,019,185  (381,570)  (12.6%)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS

1. THE TRANSCATHETER VALVE THERAPEUTIC BUSINESS HAS EXPERIENCED MEANINGFUL ACCELERATION  AS  A  RESULT  OF  OUTSTANDING  PRODUCT  PERFORMANCE  AND PROFESSIONAL MARKET EDUCATION AND PROMOTION. WE HAVE SEEN AN INCREASE IN ADOPTION RATE IN NEW HOSPITALS AND UTILIZATION RATE IN ADOPTED HOSPITALS OF OUR PRODUCTS THROUGHOUT THE YEAR.

We have consistently met our guidance in 2022 and have made significant progress with product adoption in hospitals.  As  of  December  31,  2022,  our  products  have  been  placed  in  290  hospitals,  representing  an increase of 195 hospitals as compared to the year end of December 31, 2021.

Although the overall market has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, the sales and implantation of our TaurusOne ®  and TaurusElite ®  products have made steady progress, repeatedly setting new monthly highs in implantation volume. For the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business increased by 155.9% as compared to the same period of 2021, and the total implantation volume for the year is around four times of 2021.

The  Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business  has  progressed  rapidly  since  its  commercial  launch,  as  a result  of  our  cross  functional  teams  comprised  of  marketing,  sales  and  medical  professionals.  The  well rounded  support  includes  academic  promotion,  collaboration  on  new  technologies,  patient  identification, physician training, preoperative, intraoperative and postoperative clinical support and diligent sales service. The product adoption by new hospitals and the utilization rate in the adopted hospitals, especially  in  core hospitals, continued rising. The rapid advancement of commercialization has laid a solid cash foundation for the long-term development of the Company.

2. WITH  THE  SUCCESSIVE  LAUNCH  OF  FOUR  ISCHEMIC  PRODUCTS  IN  OUR NEUROINTERVENTIONAL  BUSINESS  IN  2022,  THE  ISCHEMIC  PRODUCT  PORTFOLIO  IS WELL  ESTABLISHED  FOR  MARKET  ADOPTION.  THE  CONTINUOUS  DEVELOPMENT  OF THE ISCHEMIC PRODUCT LINE, COUPLED WITH THE FIRST MOVER ADVANTAGE OF OUR HEMORRHAGIC  PRODUCT  LINE,  ENABLE  US  TO  FURTHER  DIVERSIFY  THE  REVENUE COMPOSITION OF THE NEUROINTERVENTIONAL BUSINESS.

During the Reporting Period, the registration applications of four of our products have been approved by the NMPA,  namely,  Syphonet ®   Stent  Retriever,  Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter,  Fastunnel ®   Delivery  Balloon Dilatation Catheter and Fluxcap ®  Balloon Guide Catheter. The product portfolio of our ischemic product line has been preliminarily established, with all major devices readily in place.

The newly approved Syphonet ®  Stent Retriever, Tethys AS ®  Aspiration Catheter and Fluxcap ®  Balloon Guide Catheter,  together  with  the  existing  products  including  Tethys ®   Intermediate  Catheter  and  Presgo ® Microcatheter,  form  a  complete  solution  for  AIS  patients.  The  unique  'zero  exchange'  technology  of Fastunnel ®  Delivery Balloon Dilatation Catheter is poised to disrupt the standard of care in ICAD treatment. Together with SacSpeed ®  Balloon Dilatation Catheter, we aim to provide better treatment solutions to more patients with ICAD.

In 2022, we continued increasing sales and capturing market share in the sizable hemorrhagic market. As a result  of  our  continued  efforts  in  product  upgrades  and  long-established  sales  relationships,  the  revenue generated from the Neurointerventional Business for the Reporting Period increased by 51.7% as compared to the same period of 2021. Our revenue from hemorrhagic products, ischemic products and vascular access products  accounted  for  39.4%,  27.6%  and  32.9%  of  the  revenue  from  the  Neurointerventional  Business, respectively. With increasing sales from hemorrhagic products and upcoming commercialization of recently approved  ischemic  products,  the  revenue  composition  of  our  Neurointerventional  Business  will  further diversify.  This  will  not  only  create  stability  for  the  Company  in  this  market,  but  also  enhance  the attractiveness and synergy of our product portfolio among physicians and distributors.

3. PIONEERING  IN  THE  NEXT-GENERATION  TECHNOLOGIES  OF  TRANSCATHETER  VALVE THERAPIES,  WE  HAVE  DEVELOPED  A  COMPETITIVE  AND  COMPREHENSIVE  PIPELINE WITH  INNOVATIVE  TECHNOLOGIES  TO  MEET  LARGE  UNMET  NEEDS  IN  THE  MARKET. MAJOR  PRODUCT  CANDIDATES  OF  THE  TRANSCATHETER  VALVE  THERAPEUTIC BUSINESS  ARE  PROGRESSED  TO  HUMAN  TRIAL  STAGE.  THE  NEUROINTERVENTIONAL BUSINESS  FOCUSES  ON  INNOVATIVE  PRODUCTS  SUITABLE  FOR  CHINESE  PATIENTS AND PHYSICIANS, THROUGH THE COOPERATION BETWEEN MEDICAL AND ENGINEERING PROFESSIONALS.

We have developed a strong product pipeline in the Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business with a wide range of innovative product candidates through external acquisitions and internal development. During the Reporting  Period,  we  facilitated  the  technology  transfer  of  Trilogy TM  Heart  Valve  System,  successfully launched  the  registration  clinical  trial  of  HighLife ®   TSMVR  system  and  GeminiOne ®   TEER  system  and completed the first human implant of MonarQ TM  TTVR system in Denmark.

- 1) As of the date of this report, Trilogy™ Heart Valve System of JenaValve Technology Inc. (' JenaValve ') is the  first  and  the  only  transfemoral  aortic  valve  replacement  device  of  its  kind  to  receive  CE  Mark approval  for  the  treatment  of  symptomatic  severe  AR  or  symptomatic  severe  AS.  We  entered  into  a series  of  agreements  with  JenaValve  in  December  2021,  for  an  exclusive  license  regarding  Trilogy™ Heart  Valve  System  in  the  Greater  China  region.  The  transaction  will  enable  us  to  have  the  most comprehensive  TAVR  pipeline  covering  major  aortic  valve  diseases,  as  compared  to  other  players  in China. As of the date of this report, the technology transfer of the product has been completed. We plan to  launch  the  registration  clinical  trial  in  2023.  Since  the  product  has  obtained  CE  Mark,  we  are preparing  the  implantation  of  Trilogy™  in  Hong  Kong  and  Macau  or  the  rest  of  the  Greater  Bay  Area within the Greater China region.
- 2) HighLife ®  TSMVR system is a leading product candidate in the field of mitral valve replacement in terms of  product  design  and  clinical  progress  in  the  world.  HighLife ®   TSMVR  system  adopted  the  unique 'Valve-in-Ring' concept, allowing the system to self-center and self-align. We entered into an exclusive license  agreement  with  HighLife  SAS  (' HighLife ')  in  2020  and  completed  the  technology  transfer  in 2021.  We  completed  the  first  patient  enrollment  of  HighLife ®   multi-center  registration  clinical  trial successfully in November 2022.

- 3) GeminiOne ®  is our internally developed TEER device. The product has a unique design, which enables a longer  coaptation  length  while  still  maintaining  smaller  implant  size  and  delivery  system.  Other innovations  include  its  independent  leaflet  grasp  that  reduces  the  complexity  of  the  procedure, auto-locking mechanism that avoids repeatedly locking and unlocking during the procedure, as well as multi-angular  detachment  that  copes  with  a  wider  range  of  anatomy.  We  completed  the  first  patient enrollment of GeminiOne ®  multi-center registration clinical trial successfully in November 2022.
- 4) MonarQ™ TTVR system  developed  by  inQB8  Medical  Technologies,  LLC  (' inQB8 ')  is  one  of  the  most important product candidates for the Company, being an innovative option for treating TR. The Company entered  into  a  strategic  partnership  with  inQB8  and  agreed  to  acquire  the  MonarQ  TTVR  technology, which inQB8 continues to develop on the Company's behalf. The Company owns the global right of the MonarQ TTVR technology and the product developed on the basis of it. We completed the first patient implant of the FIM clinical trial in Denmark in November 2022.

The registration  applications  of  four  ischemic  products  in  our  Neurointerventional  Business  were  approved by the NMPA during the Reporting period, which enables us to provide one-stop treatment solutions for ICAD and AIS patients:

- 1) Fastunnel ®   Delivery  Balloon  Dilatation  Catheter  is  the  first  medical  device  in  China  which  can  realize balloon  dilatation  and  stent  delivery  in  one  device.  The  innovative  design  can  reduce  the  number  of device exchanges as required in a traditional ICAD procedure, shorten procedure time and improve the safety of the procedure.
- 2) Syphonet ®  Stent Retriever is an internally developed product based on clinical feedback. The product has various  specifications,  all  compatible  with  0.017-inch  microcatheter.  The  stent  is  designed  with optimized  radial  force  to  maintain  the  integrity  of  the  lumen,  even  in  tortuous  vessels,  ensuring  a smooth procedure. The product's unique design features a capture basket at the distal end, which can effectively  prevent  the  thrombus  fragments  from  dislodging  into  the  blood  stream,  thereby  improving the removal of the thrombus. Radiopaque wires in the stent and a radiopaque marker on the distal end allow  for  visualization  of  the  entire  retriever,  enabling  better  visual  guidance  for  physicians.  The development of Syphonet ®  Stent Retriever also leads to the development of BASIS (Balloon AngioplaSty with  the  distal  protection  of  Stent  retriever)  technology.  This  innovative  technology,  with  Syphonet ® Stent  Retriever  as  the  core  and  the  combination  of  balloon  dilatation  catheter  and  intermediate catheter, provides a safe and effective treatment option for patients with ICAS-LVO type of stroke.
- 3) Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter  is  indicated  for  thrombus  aspiration,  featuring  large  lumen,  increased deliverability and high compressive strength. The 0.071-inch large lumen of Tethys AS ®  largely increases the  aspiration  force,  which  can  significantly  shorten  the  procedure  time.  It  features  a  20cm  soft segment at the distal end, which better conforms to the vessels and largely enhances its deliverability to the distal vessels. The device utilizes a double-layer design with outer braids and inner coils, which enables high compressive strength and helps maintain lumen integrity.
- 4) Fluxcap ®  Balloon Guide Catheter is an optimized product that was developed based on clinical feedback. Featuring  0.087-inch  large  lumen,  the  catheter  is  compatible  with  all  6F  intermediate  catheters  or aspiration  catheters  on  the  market,  as  well  as  8F  introducer  sheaths.  The  product  addresses  the challenge  of  poor  compatibility  of  balloon  guide  catheters  on  the  market  and  can  significantly  reduce the occurrence of vascular injury.

## 4. WE ARE MAKING CONTINUOUS EFFORTS IN OPTIMIZING SUPPLY CHAIN AND IMPROVING PRODUCTION PROCESS FOR LONG-TERM SUCCESS.

Main accomplishments include:

- 1) Expansion of production capacity and improvement of productivity to support business growth;
- 2) Introduction  and  verification  of  additional  key  raw  material  suppliers  to  enhance  the  supply  chain security;
- 3) Optimization of the in-house manufacturing process of self-produced raw materials, focusing on mass production and product yield. In this way, we can ensure the stability of our raw material supply chain while keeping overall cost in check;
- 4) Automation and optimization of our manufacturing process. We have lowered our production cost with improved operating efficiency, increased product yield and reduced waste; and
- 5) Continuous  investment  in  personnel  training,  including  mentoring  programs,  to  shorten  the  learning curve of employees.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW

## Overview

We have built a medtech platform that focuses on the high-growth interventional procedural medical device markets  in  China  and  globally.  Our  products  and  product  candidates  target  the  vast,  fast-growing  and under-penetrated markets with high entry barriers, including transcatheter valve therapeutic medical device market and neurointerventional procedural medical device market.

## Products and Pipeline

During the Reporting Period, we obtained registration approvals from the NMPA for four neurointerventional products,  namely,  Syphonet ®   Stent  Retriever,  Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter,  Fastunnel ®   Delivery  Balloon Dilatation Catheter (formerly named as Neway Balloon Microcatheter) and Fluxcap ®  Balloon Guide Catheter.

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  for  our  Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business,  we  had  five  registered products and nine product candidates at various development stages. For our Neurointerventional Business, we  had  fourteen  registered  products  and  seven  product  candidates  at  various  development  stages.  The following chart summarizes the development status of our product portfolio as of December 31, 2022:

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

<!-- image -->

憒䘩♏㢗䛕拫

) promulgated by the NMPA, as amended.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Products and Product Candidates

Our  Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business focuses on treating the most prevalent heart valve diseases,  including  AS,  AR,  MR  and  TR,  via transcatheter approaches.

We  have  a  comprehensive  portfolio  of commercialized  and  pipeline  products.  For  the year  ended  December  31,  2022,  our  revenue generated  from  the  sales  of  transcatheter  valve therapeutic  products  amounted  to  RMB107.3 million,  representing  an  increase  of  155.9%  from RMB41.9  million  recorded  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2021.

## TAV Replacement and Repair Products and Product Candidates

## TaurusOne ®  - First-Generation TAVR System

TaurusOne ®   is  our  internally  developed first-generation  TAVR  product,  and  is  designed  to t r e a t   severe  calcific  aortic  stenosis  using catheter-based approach. The product consists of a  PAV,  a  delivery  catheter  system  and  a  loading system.  The  PAV  includes  bovine  pericardial leaflets,  a  nitinol  frame,  and  a  sealing  skirt  to prevent  paravalvular  leakage.  Compared  to porcine  pericardial  leaflets,  bovine  pericardial leaflets  are  generally  more  durable  and  perform better  in  terms  of  hemodynamic  profile.  The clinical trial of TaurusOne ®  was the first ever TAVR product  registration  clinical  trial  completed entirely  by  Chinese  physicians.  It  is  also  the  first domestic  TAVR  product  whose  clinical  results were  published  in  the  top  quartile  research journal.  We  received  the  NMPA  approval  for  the registration  application  of  TaurusOne ®   in  April 2021  and  commercialized  the  product  in  May 2021.

## TaurusElite ®   -  Second-Generation  Retrievable TAVR System

TaurusElite ®   is  our  internally  developed second-generation  retrievable  TAVR  product. TaurusElite ®   has  a  valve  design  similar  to  that  of TaurusOne ®   but  features  a  key  upgrade  to  its delivery catheter system - allowing physicians to retrieve and reposition the PAV during placement, addressing  one  of  the  key  challenges.  This  also improves  the  success  rate  of  TAVR  procedures and the long-term benefits to patients, which will ultimately  promote  wider  clinical  adoption. Furthermore,  the  design  consists  of  inner  and outer  tubes  that  further  enhance  the  pushability and flexibility of the delivery catheter system, and effectively  deal  with  the  challenges  posed  by  the complex anatomy of the aortic arch and horizontal aorta. The TaurusElite ®  delivery catheter system is also  available  in  an  inline  sheath  model  to  meet the  diverse  needs  of  doctors  and  treat  patients with complicated vascular anatomy.

We  received  the  NMPA  approval  for  the registration  application  of  TaurusElite ®   in  June 2021 and commercialized the product in July 2021. As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  TaurusElite ®   is  the record-breaking  domestic  retrievable  TAVR product in terms of approval time.

In  addition  to  the  products  mentioned  above,  we also  received  the  NMPA  approvals  for  the registration application of a number of procedural accessories  in  2021,  including  TaurusAtlas ® Transfemoral  Balloon  Catheter,  TaurusNavi ® Introducer Sheath and TaurusExplora ®  Pre-shaped Guidewire.  These  are  important  accessories  to help  physicians  perform  the  TAVR  procedures using Taurus-series products.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## TAV Replacement and Repair Products and Product Candidates (cont'd)

## TaurusElite ®   -  Second-Generation  Retrievable TAVR System (cont'd)

We  have  successfully  achieved  commercial implantation of our TAVR products in 290 hospitals as  of  December  31,  2022,  benefiting  from  the increasing number of experienced physicians and hospitals,  the  positive  user  experience  of  our products,  and  our  dedicated  marketing  and  sales capabilities  for  TAVR  products.  For  the  Reporting Period, the sales from TaurusElite ®  comprised the majority  of  our  sales  in  the  Transcatheter  Valve Therapeutic Business.

## TaurusNXT ®  - Third-Generation Non-glutaraldehyde Crosslinked Dry-tissue TAVR System

TaurusNXT ®   is  our  internally  developed t h i r d - g e n e r a t i o n   TAVR  system,  and  has significantly  different  tissue  and  structure  from TaurusOne ®   and  TaurusElite ® .  TaurusNXT ® incorporates  our  patented  non-glutaraldehyde bio-tissue  crosslinking  technology  that  removes the main source of valve calcification, the primary cause  of  prosthetic  valve  degeneration.  The technology  is  expected  to  greatly  enhance  the durability  and  biocompatibility  of  the  PAV. Additionally, compared to the traditional dry tissue technology  using  glycerin,  TaurusNXT ®   utilizes  an ultra-low  temperature  vacuum  freeze-drying technology  to  maintain  the  physical  integrity  of the  valve  tissue  while  allowing  the  PAV  to  be pre-loaded onto the delivery catheter system. The delivery  catheter  system  of  TaurusNXT ®   is  both retrievable  and  steerable,  making  it  much  easier for  physicians  to  guide  the  PAV  to  its  target position,  thereby  further  improving  the  safety  of the  procedure.  The  first  patient  implant  of TaurusNXT ®   was  completed  in  September  2021. As of the date of this report, we are carrying out the  multi-center  registration  clinical  trial  for TaurusNXT ® .

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  TaurusNXT ® SUCCESSFULLY.

## TaurusApex ®  - Polymeric Trileaflet TAVR System

TaurusApex ®   is  our  internally  developed fourth-generation  TAVR  system  featuring  the polymeric trileaflet instead of biological tissue. By replacing  bio-materials  with  high  strength,  stable and soft polymer materials, we are able to further improve  durability  and  biocompatibility  of  the prosthetic  valves.  The  leaflets  of  TaurusApex ® adopt  the  multi-layer  bionic  composite  braided structure  which  better  mimics  the  features  and hemodynamic  performance  of  human's  native valves. Polymeric trileaflet excels biological tissue in  durability,  tear  resistance  and  wear  resistance. As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  we  are  conducting animal studies and associated long-term follow-up evaluation  on  TaurusApex ® ,  with  promising results.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  TaurusApex ® SUCCESSFULLY.

## TaurusWave ®  - Lithotripsy Valvuloplasty System

Our TaurusWave ®  Lithotripsy Valvuloplasty system applies  shockwave  technology  to  remodel calcification  on  the  valves.  After  the  treatment, the  mobility  of  the  native  valve  is  improved, leading to better hemodynamic performance. The system  can  be  used  as  a  stand-alone  TAV treatment  or  be  used  prior  to  TAVR,  in  order  to alleviate valve stenosis. The first patient treatment using  TaurusWave ®   was  completed  in  October 2021.  As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  we  are proceeding with FIM clinical trial for this product.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  TaurusWave ® SUCCESSFULLY.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## TAV Replacement and Repair Products and Product Candidates (cont'd)

## TaurusTrio TM  TAVR  System  -  Licensed-in  Trilogy TM TAVR Product for AR Indication

We  entered  into  a  collaboration  and  license agreement,  a  service  agreement  and  a  stock purchase agreement with JenaValve, a U.S.-based medical  device  company,  in  December  2021. Pursuant  to  these  agreements,  JenaValve  has granted us an exclusive license for Trilogy™ Heart Valve  System  in  the  treatment  of  symptomatic severe  AR  or  symptomatic  severe  AS.  We  are entitl e d   t o   develop,  manufacture,  and commercialize  the  product  in  the  Greater  China region, and JenaValve agreed to provide services, allowing  us  to  leverage  the  value  of  the  product within the region. For further details, please refer to our announcement dated January 14, 2022.

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  JenaValve  Trilogy TM system is the only commercial transfemoral TAVR system (CE Mark) with both AR and AS indications globally.  The  system's proprietary locator can not only  anchor  without  calcification  but  also  ensure valve  commissure  alignment.  Its  design,  which includes  supra-annular  prosthesis  and  large-open cells,  also  benefits  long-term  hemodynamic  and future  percutaneous  coronary  intervention  (PCI). I t s   valve  inflow  end  is  designed  with  24 high-density  mesh  holes  to  provide  annular compliance and sealing.

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  technology transfer  has  been  completed.  We  are  preparing the  roll  out  of  Trilogy™  in  Hong  Kong  and  Macau or  the  rest  of  the  Greater  Bay  Area  within  the Greater  China  region  and  the  registration  clinical trials in the mainland China.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  TaurusTrio TM SUCCESSFULLY.

## TMV  Replacement  and  Repair  Product Candidates

## HighLife ®  - Licensed-in TSMVR Product

In  December  2020,  we  entered  into  an  exclusive license  agreement  with  HighLife,  a  French-based medical  device  company  focusing  on  the development  of  a  novel  transseptal  replacement system  for  treating  MR.  Pursuant  to  the agreement,  we  are  entitled  to,  among  other things,  manufacture,  develop,  and  commercialize the  HighLife ®   TSMVR  device  in  the  Greater  China region.  Mr.  Georg  BÖRTLEIN,  the  founder  of HighLife, is also the co-founder of CoreValve Inc, a TAVR company which was acquired by Medtronic in 2009.

The  field  of  TMVR  still  faces  many  technical difficulties,  including  access  to  the  target  site, anchoring  and  the  risk  of  paravalvular  leakage, and  LVOT  obstruction.  Most  existing  approaches are  either  transapical  or  anchoring  using  radial force.  HighLife ®   TSMVR  product  adopted  the unique  'Valve-in-Ring'  concept,  allowing  the system  to  self-center  and  self-align.  This  system separates  the  valve  from  its  anchoring  ring  and delivers the two components through the femoral artery  and  femoral  vein,  respectively,  through  a simple  three-step  procedure.  The  2-component design designed for mitral valve anatomy helps to mitigate  the  risk  of  paravalvular  leakage  and effectively  reduces  catheter  size.  The  procedure c a n b e s u c c e s s f u l l y c o m p l e t e d u s i n g teleproctoring  support.  The  learning  curve  is relatively short, evidenced by significant reduction of procedure time by the same physician.

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  multi-center registration  clinical  trial  of  the  product  is underway, with the first patient enrollment having been successfully completed in November 2022.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  HighLife ® SUCCESSFULLY.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## TMV  Replacement  and  Repair  Product Candidates (cont'd)

## GeminiOne ®  - TEER System

GeminiOne ®   is  our  internally  developed  TEER device, designed to treat mitral valve and tricuspid valve  diseases.  The  product  has  a  unique  design, which  enables  a  longer  coaptation  length  while still  maintaining  smaller  implant  size  and  delivery system. Other innovations include its independent leaflet  grasp  that  reduces  the  complexity  of  the procedure,  auto-locking  mechanism  that  avoids repeated  locking  and  unlocking  during  the procedure,  as  well  as  multi-angular  detachment that copes with a wider range of anatomy.

Our  medical  consultants  for  GeminiOne ®   are  Dr. Saibal  KAR,  one  of  the  earliest  advocates  for  the TEER  technique  and  a  world-leading  doctor specializing in TEER, and Dr. Khung Keong YEO, a renowned  interventional  cardiologist  from Singapore.

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  multi-center registration  clinical  trial  of  the  product  to  treat moderate to severe or severe degenerative MR is underway, with the first patient enrollment having been successfully completed in November 2022.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  GeminiOne ® SUCCESSFULLY.

## S u t r a   Hemi  Valve  -  T M V  C o a p t a t i o n Augmentation System

In  April  2021,  we  entered  into  a  stock  purchase agreement  with  Sutra  Medical  Inc.  (' Sutra '),  a U.S.-based  medical  device  company  that  designs and  develops  transcatheter  solutions  to  treat valvular  heart  diseases.  Sutra's  key  product candidate,  Sutra  Hemi  Valve,  is  a  transcatheter mitral  valve  therapeutic  device  that  adopts  a hybrid  approach  between  valve  replacement  and repair technology. The device is designed to treat MR  using  a  coaptation  augmentation  technology that targets only the posterior mitral valve leaflet. As of  the  date  of  this  report,  Sutra  Hemi  Valve  is in the animal studies stage.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  Sutra  Hemi  Valve SUCCESSFULLY.

## TTV  Replacement  and  Repair  Product Candidates

## MonarQ TM - Acquired TTVR Product

We  entered  into  an  IP  acquisition  agreement,  a service  agreement  and  a  stock  purchase agreement  with  inQB8,  a  U.S.-based  medical technology  incubator,  in  May  2021,  to  explore innovative  solutions  for  treating  structural  heart diseases. The transaction includes our acquisition of  a  TTVR  technology,  namely  MonarQ™,  from inQB8,  and  for  which  inQB8  will  continue  to develop the device in partnership with us.

The  MonarQ™  TTVR  system  is  an  innovative option  for  treating  TR.  Such  system  has  a  unique biodynamic  attachment  system  that  utilizes  and preserves the heart's natural motion to secure the implant  to  the  native  leaflets,  distribute  systolic loads,  and  minimize  paravalvular  leaks  over  a wide range of annulus sizes.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## TMV  Replacement  and  Repair  Product Candidates (cont'd)

## MonarQ TM - Acquired TTVR Product (cont'd)

As of the date of this report, the FIM clinical trial of  the  product  is  underway,  with  the  first  patient implant  having  been  successfully  completed  in November 2022.

In  addition,  we  are  exploring  the  application  of GeminiOne ®   TEER  technology  in  treating  tricuspid valve  disease.  The  FIM  clinical  trial  is  under preparation.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP  AND  MARKET  MonarQ™ SUCCESSFULLY.

## Platform Technologies

We  are  committed  to  constantly  exploring platform  technologies  that  can  be  applied  to  a variety of therapies. As of the date of this report, we  have  three  patented  platform  technologies, namely Non-glutaraldehyde Crosslinked Dry-tissue Technology,  Polymeric  Trileaflet  Technology  and Lithotripsy Valvuloplasty Technology.

Non-glutaraldehyde  Crosslinked Dry-tissue Technology  and  Polymeric  Trileaflet  Technology are currently utilized in our third-generation TAVR product,  TaurusNXT ® ,  and  our  fourth-generation TAVR  product,  TaurusApex ® .  These  technologies can  also  be  utilized  with  other  TAVR,  TMVR  or TTVR product candidates.

Lithotripsy  Valvuloplasty  Technology,  currently utilized  in  the  TaurusWave ®   system,  is  a non-implant solution to treat AS by remodeling the severe calcification. We are currently carrying out an  FIM  clinical  trial  for  the  technology.  The  initial results  indicate  the  safety  and  efficacy  of  the technology.  The  technology  can  be  applied  on  a stand-alone  basis  or  as  a  pre-implantation  step during  the  transcatheter  valve  replacement procedure.

## Neurointerventional  Products  and  Product Candidates

We  have  a  comprehensive  portfolio  of commercialized  and  pipeline  products  that  target both  hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke areas. For the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  our  revenue generated  from  the  sales  of  neurointerventional products  amounted  to  RMB143.5  million, r e p r e s e n t i n g   an  increase  of  51.7%  from approximately  RMB94.6  million  recorded  during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Hemorrhagic  Products  and  Product Candidates

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we generated a total revenue of RMB56.5 million from hemorrhagic  products,  representing  an  increase of  10.2%  from  approximately  RMB51.3  million  for t h e   year  ended  December  31,  2021  and accounting  for  39.4%  of  the  total  revenue  of  the Neurointerventional Business.

Detachable  Coils: we  have  three  registered detachable  coil  products  with  different detachment methods, namely, Jasper ®  Detachable Coil,  Presgo ®   Detachable  Coil  and  Jasper ®   SS Detachable Coils. We received the NMPA approval for  the  registration  application  of  Jasper ®   SS Detachable Coil,  our  latest  generation  detachable coil,  in  June  2021.  The  detachment  process  of Jasper ®   SS  Detachable Coil is the same as that of the  previous  generation,  Jasper ®   Detachable  Coil, whereas Jasper ®  SS Detachable Coil is much softer in  order  to  address  specific  clinical  needs  during the  fill  and  finish  processes  of  a  cerebral aneurysm endovascular coiling procedure.

We  are  also  in  the  process  of  developing  a  coil product  that  can  be  thermally  detached.  The  coil is designed for framing, filling and finishing. It is a significant addition to our existing product offering of  embolization  coils,  providing  an  alternative detachment method to physicians. As of the date of  this  report,  the  registration  application  of  this coil is pending for approval by the NMPA.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Hemorrhagic  Products  and  Product Candidates (cont'd)

Intracranial  Adjunctive  Stent: Intracranial Adjunctive  Stent  is  indicated  for  use  with neurovascular  embolization  coils  in  the endovascular treatment of intracranial aneurysms. Stent-assisted  coil  embolization  allows endovascular  treatment  of  complex  shaped  and wide  necked  intracranial  aneurysms.  As  of  the date  of  this  report,  the  product  is  in  the  design stage.

## Delivery  Occlusion  Balloon  Catheter:

Balloon-assisted  coil  embolization  is  a  technique involving  the  intra-procedural  remodeling  of  the aneurysm  neck,  through  the  inflation  of  balloon. By  ensuring  the  framing  stability  and  even distribution  of  the  coils,  packing  density  can  be largely  improved  with  proper  remodeling  of  the aneurysm  neck,  thus  reducing  the  chances  of endovascular stent implantation. In addition, if the aneurysm neck requires  permanent  support  after the coil embolization procedure, the endovascular stent  can  be  delivered  directly  through  the  inner lumen  of  the  catheter.  The  catheter  provides  an alternative  treatment  solution  to  physicians  while simplifying the procedure.

## Ischemic Products and Product Candidates

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we generated a total revenue of RMB39.5 million from ischemic  products,  representing  an  increase  of 103.1%  from  approximately  RMB19.5  million  for t h e   year  ended  December  31,  2021  and accounting  for  27.6%  of  the  total  revenue  of  the Neurointerventional Business.

## Products Designed for Treating AIS

Syphonet ®  Stent Retriever (formerly named as Shenyi ®  in English): Syphonet ®  Stent Retriever is a significant  product  designed  for  removing thrombus  in  intracranial  vessels  in  a  mechanical thrombectomy  procedure  for  patients  with  AIS. The  product's  unique  design  features  a  capture basket  at  the  distal  end,  which  can  effectively prevent  the  thrombus  debris  from  dislodging  into the  blood  stream,  thereby  improving  the  removal of  the  thrombus.  Additionally,  the  stent  is designed  with  an  optimized  radial  force  to maintain  the  integrity  of  the  lumen,  even  in tortuous  vessels.  Radiopaque  wires  in  the  stent and  a  radiopaque  marker  on  the  distal  end  allow for  visualization  of  the  entire  retriever,  providing physicians  with  better  visual  guidance.  The Syphonet ®   Stent  Retriever  has  various specifications,  all  compatible  with  0.017-inch microcatheter.  The  compatibility  will  improve  the success rate of deployment and reduce procedure time.  We  received  the  NMPA  approval  for  the registration  application  of  Syphonet ®   Stent Retriever  in  February  2022.  As  of  the  date  of  this report,  we  have  initiated  and  are  continuing facilitating the commercialization of this product.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Ischemic Products and Product Candidates (cont'd)

## Products Designed for Treating AIS (cont'd)

Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter: our  Tethys AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter  is  specially  designed  for direct  aspiration  in  mechanical  thrombectomy. The 0.071-inch large lumen of the product largely i n c r e a s e s  t h e  aspiration  force,  which  can significantly  shorten  procedure time. It  features  a 20cm  soft  segment  at  the  distal  end,  which conforms  to  the  tortuous  vessels  and  largely enhances  its  deliverability  to  the  distal  vessels. The optimized design of the transitional structure improves the trackability of the catheter, allowing the  device  to  be  delivered  to  the  target  vessel more  easily.  The  entire  device  adopts  a double-layer  design  with  outer  braids  and  inner coils, which allows high compressive strength and helps  maintain  lumen  integrity.  We  received  the NMPA approval for  the  registration  application  of Tethys AS ®  Aspiration Catheter in May 2022. As of the  date  of  this  report,  we  have  initiated  and  are continuing  facilitating  the  commercialization  of this product.

Fluxcap ®   Balloon  Guide  Catheter: Fluxcap ® Balloon Guide Catheter has 0.087-inch large lumen and  is  compatible  with  6F  intermediate  catheters or  aspiration  catheters.  The  reinforced  layer  with transition  zones  leads  to  a  balance  of  proximal support  and  distal  flexibility,  offering  a  stable passage  for  intracranial  devices.  The  0.75mm non-radiopaque segment at the tip can reduce the blind  spots  of  the  physicians  and  thus,  improving the  safety  of  the  procedure.  The  compliant balloon,  at  its  tip,  can  block  proximal  flow  and effectively  prevent  the  thrombus  from  dislodging into  the  distal  vessels.  We  received  the  NMPA approval  for  the  registration  application  of Fluxcap ®   Balloon  Guide Catheter in June 2022. As of  the  date  of  this  report,  we  have  initiated  and are continuing facilitating the commercialization of this product.

With  the  successive  launch  of  Syphonet ®   Stent Retriever,  Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter  and Fluxcap ®   Balloon  Guide  Catheter,  we  are  able  to provide  physicians  a  fully  integrated  solution  for mechanical thrombectomy. Physicians can rely on our  product  combinations  for  different procedures,  based  on  the  clinical  needs  of patients.

## Aspiration  Catheter  (Larger  Lumen):

Aspiration  Catheter  (Larger  Lumen)  is  a  product candidate  for  treating  AIS,  which  is  in  the  design stage.  The  product  features  large  lumen  to improve aspiration capacity and efficiency, with 8F outer diameter and 0.097-inch inner diameter.

## Products Designed for Treating ICAD

SacSpeed ®   Balloon  Dilatation  Catheter: we commercially  launched  SacSpeed ®   Balloon Dilatation  Catheter  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2020. The Catheter is used for dilatating stenosis to help with intracranial blood supply, while treating ICAD.

Fastunnel ®   Delivery  Balloon  Dilatation Catheter (formerly  named  as  Neway  Balloon Microcatheter):  Fastunnel ®   Delivery  Balloon Dilatation  Catheter  is  designed  for  treating  ICAD. As  the  first  medical  device  in  China  which combines  balloon  dilatation  and  stent  delivery  in one  device,  its  unique  'zero  exchange' technology redefines ICAD treatment. The product utilizes  an  integrated  design  combining  the features  of  both  balloon  dilatation  catheter  and microcatheter,  which  can  reduce  the  number  of device  exchanges  and  improve  the  safety  of  the p r o c e d u r e . T h e b a l l o o n u s e s P e b a x ® semi-compliant materials to achieve steady shape and safe expansion. Meanwhile, the stainless steel structure  reinforces  the  entire  device,  and  thus improves  the  trackability  of  the  catheter  and  the deliverability  of  the  intracranial  stent  system.  In addition, the 150cm delivery system is compatible with  intermediate  catheters  length  of  135cm  and below.  We  received  the  NMPA  approval  for  the registration  application  of  Fastunnel ®   Delivery Balloon Dilatation Catheter in May 2022. As of the date  of  this  report,  we  have  initiated  and  are continuing  facilitating  the  commercialization  of this product.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Ischemic Products and Product Candidates (cont'd)

Products Designed for Treating ICAD (cont'd)

NeuroStella ®   Intracranial  Stent :  NeuroStella ® Intracranial  Stent  is  designed  for  treating  ICAD. The  product  is  compatible  with  0.017-inch microcatheter  and  is  designed  with  optimized radial force which enables better stent apposition. As of the date of this report, the product is under registration clinical trial stage.

## Vascular  Access  Products  and  Product Candidates

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we generated a total revenue of RMB47.2 million from vascular  access  products,  representing  an increase  of  100.4%  from  approximately  RMB23.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and accounting  for  32.9%  of  the  total  revenue  in  the Neurointerventional Business.

Tethys ®   Intermediate  Catheter: we  received the NMPA approval for the registration application of Tethys ®  Intermediate Catheter in October 2020. Our  Tethys ®   Intermediate  Catheter  assists  the delivery  of  diagnostic  devices  and/or  treatment devices  to  the  neurovascular  and  peripheral vascular  system.  It  is  applicable  in  various procedures,  including  aneurysm  embolization, mechanical  thrombectomy  and  ICAD  procedures. The catheter provides strong support and stability for  the  operation  of  microcatheters,  embolization coils,  stent  retrievers,  and  balloon  dilatation catheters in distal blood vessels.

Heralder ®   DA  Distal  Access  Catheter: we received  the  NMPA  approval  for  the  registration application of Heralder ®  DA Distal Access Catheter in  June  2021,  providing  more  options  for  the delivery of devices to different positions.

Other registered vascular access products include Presgo ®   Microcatheter,  Presgo ®   Micro  Guidewire and Heralder ®  Guide Catheter.

Additional  vascular  access  product  candidates include the Micro Guidewire (Next Generation) and the  Microcatheter  (Next  Generation).  As  of  the date  of  this  report,  the  registration  application  of the  Micro  Guidewire  (Next  Generation)  is  pending for  approval by the NMPA, and the Microcatheter (Next Generation) is in the design stage. The Micro Guidewire  (Next  Generation)  is  a  newly  designed micro  guidewire  that  can  be  more  easily  handled by  physicians,  achieving  1:1  torque  ratio.  The Microcatheter  (Next  Generation)  utilizes  more advanced  cutting  techniques  for  better  support and  pushability,  applicable  in  endovascular procedures  for  both  hemorrhagic  and  ischemic stokes.

## WE  MAY  NOT  BE  ABLE  TO  ULTIMATELY DEVELOP OR MARKET THE ABOVE PRODUCTS OR PRODUCT CANDIDATES SUCCESSFULLY.

## Research and Development

In-house  innovation  and  business  development opportunities  are  crucial  to  the  Company's  R&amp;D pipeline.  Our  core  R&amp;D  team  is  led  by  Dr.  Yi ZHANG  (Board  Chairman  and  Chief  Executive Officer),  Mr.  Kongrong  Karl  PAN  (Chief  Operating Officer)  and  Dr.  Jian  Fong  TAN  (Chief  Technology Officer).  All  of  them  are  industry  veteran  with i m p r e s s i v e   a c a d e m i c   a n d   professional backgrounds,  having  previously  worked  in managerial positions at various leading players in the medical device sector.

We  have  extensive  relationships  with  global l e a d e r s   i n   both  the  transcatheter  valve therapeutic  and  neurointerventional  fields, including  world-class  scientists,  physicians  and industry  experts.  In  addition  to  the  licensing  of cutting-edge  technologies,  we  have  also established  overseas  R&amp;D  capabilities  through close collaboration:

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Research and Development (cont'd)

For Sutra, the Company is the second-largest shareholder beside the founder, and has the right of first offer if Sutra proposes to offer or sell  any  new  securities,  subject  to  certain customary  exceptions.  We  share  R&amp;D facilities  with  Sutra  in  the  United  States,  and they  have  assisted  us  in  expanding  our  R&amp;D presence  in  North  America.  The  founding team  of  Sutra  is  composed  of  professionals with  extensive  academic  and  industrial experience.

For  inQB8,  it  is  a  medtech  incubator  in partnership  with  the  Company.  Under  the partnership,  we  will  have  exclusive  global privileges  and  rights  to  the  technologies regarding  the  joint  development  of  novel products  and  solutions  in  treating  structural heart  disease.  The  founding  team  of  inQB8 has  a  multidisciplinary  background  in medtech  and  engineering.  Before  founding inQB8,  the  team  founded  CardiAQ  Valve Technologies,  which  developed  the  world's first  TMVR  system and was later acquired by Edwards Lifesciences.

We  have  established  close  working  relationship with  world-class  consultants,  who  provide services  exclusively  for  us  in  China.  They  are heavily  involved  in  our  R&amp;D  process,  contributing significantly  to  our  innovative  aortic,  mitral  and tricuspid valve products:

Dr . Ni c o l o P I A Z Z A i s a r e n o w n e d interventional cardiologist at McGill University Health  Center  and  the  German  Heart  Center in  Munich.  He  has  also  served  as  either  the chairman  or  a  core  team  member  in  many premier  transcatheter  valve  therapeutics conferences, including EuroPCR, PCR London Valves  and  PCR-CIT  China  Chengdu  Valves. He  is  actively  involved  in  our  overseas business  development,  product  promotion and  clinical  trials,  including  the  clinical  trial and  technology  transfer  of  HighLife ®   as  well as the clinical trial of TaurusWave ® .

Dr.  Saibal  KAR  joined  the  Company  as  a consultant  in  September  2021.  He  is  a world-leading  doctor  well-known  for  his research  and  achievements  in  the  field  of structural  heart  therapies,  particularly  in mitral  repair  space.  Dr.  Saibal  KAR  also serves  as  an  external  consultant  for  various multinational medical device companies such as  Medtronic  plc,  Boston  Scientific Corporation, and Abbott Vascular Inc. He has worked  as  a  principal  investigator  in  several multi-center  studies  and  randomized  studies for  MitraClip™.  Dr.  Saibal  KAR  is  currently advising  on  the  R&amp;D  of  our  mitral edge-to-edge therapies.

Dr. Khung Keong YEO joined the Company as a  consultant  in  April  2022.  He  is  the  deputy Chief  Executive  Officer  (data  science  and innovation)  and  a  senior  consultant  with  the Department  of  Cardiology  at  the  National Heart  Center  Singapore  (NHCS).  Dr.  YEO currently  leads  Asia's  first  MitraClip TM program at  NHCS.  He  is  advising  the  R&amp;D  of our  mitral  and  tricuspid  edge-to-edge  repair therapies.

Suzhou  SITRI  Interventional  Medtech  Institute (' IMI '),  an  innovation  incubation  and  investment platform  dedicated  to  the  field  of  vascular interventional medical devices, was established in October  2021.  The  IMI  was  proposed  and  funded together  by  the  Company  and  with  Suzhou Industrial  Park  Administrative  Committee,  Suzhou Industrial  Technology  Research  Institute,  and  IMI management  team.  The  establishment  of  IMI  will facilitate  our  R&amp;D  activities  by  providing  us  with access  to  emerging  medical  device  technologies that  might  have  significant  global  impact,  which will benefit our future business expansion.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  an  in-house team of 133 employees dedicated to the research and  development  of  our  transcatheter  valve therapeutic  products  and  neurointerventional products.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Intellectual Property

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  a  robust intellectual property portfolio, consisting of a total of  101  granted and valid patents and 126 patents under  application.  Specifically,  there  are  63 granted  and  valid  patents  and  105  patents  under application  for  our  Transcatheter  Valve Therapeutic  Business,  and  38  granted  and  valid patents  and  21  patents  under  application  for  our Neurointerventional Business.

## Manufacturing

We  manufacture,  assemble  and  inspect  our products  at  two  production  facilities.  One  is located in an 18,843.9 sq.m. self-owned properties in  Suzhou, Jiangsu province, and the other one is located  in  an  1,188.4  sq.m.  leased  properties  in Shanghai.

In  our  Neurointerventional  Business,  we  currently manufacture  Presgo ®   Detachable  Coil,  Presgo ® Micro  Guidewire,  Presgo ®   Microcatheter,  Jasper ® Detachable  Coil  and  Jasper ®   Power  Supply  in Shanghai.  The  Heralder ®   Guide  Catheter,  Tethys ® I n t e r m e d i a t e   Catheter,  SacSpeed ®   Balloon Dilatation  Catheter,  Jasper ®   SS  Detachable  Coil, Heralder ®   DA  Distal  Access  Catheter,  Syphonet ® Retriever  Stent,  Tethys  AS ®   Aspiration  Catheter, Fastunnel ®   Delivery  Balloon  Dilatation  Catheter and  Fluxcap ®   Balloon  Guide  Catheter  are manufactured in our Suzhou facility.

In  our  Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business, we  had  five  registered  products  as  of  December 31,  2022.  All  of  them,  namely,  TaurusOne ® , TaurusElite ® , our first and second generation TAVR products,  TaurusAtlas ®   Transfemoral  Balloon Catheter,  TaurusNavi ®   Introducer  Sheath  and TaurusExplora ®   Pre-shaped  Guidewire,  are manufactured  in  our  Suzhou  facility.  Our  Suzhou facility  is  also  equipped  with  multiple  production lines  dedicated  to  TaurusNXT ® ,  TaurusWave ® , HighLife ®   and  other  production  lines  for t r a n s c a t h e t e r   valve  therapeutic  product candidates.

We  have  developed  the  Risk  Management  and Control  Procedures  ( 《風險管理控制程序》 )  to monitor  compliance  with  our  quality  control system at every phase in a product life cycle and use  scientific  tools  to  identify,  analyze,  evaluate and control risks to ensure the safety and efficacy of medical devices.

We  have  established  an  advanced  quality management  system.  It  is  our  responsibility  to develop  products  that  allow  patients  to  enjoy healthy  lives  and  strictly  abide  by  the  Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China ( 《中 華人民共和國產品質量法》 ),  Measures  for  the Supervision and Administration of Medical Device Production  ( 《醫療器械生產監督管理辦法》 ),  Good Manufacturing Practices  for  Medical  Devices  ( 《醫 療器械生產質量管理規範》 )  and  other  laws  and regulations.  Our  Quality  Management  System  is aligned  to  relevant  laws  and  international standards,  including  GMP  standards  and  the I S O  13485:2016  Medical  devices  -  Quality management systems.

We  have  continuously  expanded  our  production capacity  to  meet  growing  market  demand.  Our new headquarter in Suzhou Industrial Park with a total  planned  construction  area  of  around  77,600 sq.m. is under construction. Phase I will be ready for production in 2023.

## Commercialization

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  a  sales  and marketing  team  of  262  employees,  with  185 employees focusing on the sales and marketing of our  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic  products  and 77 employees focusing on the sales and marketing of neurointerventional products.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Commercialization (cont'd)

For our Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business, through well-planned internal training system and rigorous  staff  development  plan,  we  have  built  a professional  sales  and  marketing  team  with leading  expertise  in  academic  education  and marketing. Our team is comprised of:

- product specialists, who collaborate with the R&amp;D team to align product roadmaps with the lifecycle  of  our  product  portfolio  to  address unmet clinical needs;
- marketing  specialists,  who  promote  brand awareness and make connections with KOLs/ hospitals,  emphasizing  on  the  optimization and iteration of product candidates;
- professional  education  specialists,  who promote  brand  awareness  and  make connections with KOLs/hospitals emphasizing on market education;
- clinical  support  specialists,  who  provide seamless  technical  support  and  intensive i nvolvement  to  ensure  the  best  patient outcomes; and
- frontline  sales,  who  stay  connected  with physicians  and  hospitals  to  complete  sales processes.

In  addition  to  the  sales  and  marketing  staff  as mentioned above, we also have a team of medical specialists.  They  are  licensed  physicians  with extensive  clinical  experience  and  can  provide  full medical support for patient evaluation, procedure planning and other clinical needs.

To  increase  our  academic  influence  in  the industry,  we  have  participated  in  domestic  and international  academic  conferences,  as  well  as branded  academic  promotion  activities  organized by  relevant  associations  in  the  cardiovascular field.  We  work  closely  with  domestic  and  foreign experts and scholars, to promote the adoption of TAVR  technology  and  increase  regional implantation  volume.  At  the  same  time,  we  have created  a  series  of  Peijia  branded  academic programs  through  Yijia  Institute,  a  professional education  platform,  and  other  digital  academic media  outlets.  We  use  these  academic  programs to  educate  physicians  about  the  Taurus-series products  and  increase  product  adoption  by  new and emerging hospitals:

- Yijia  Institute  is  Peijia  Medical's  professional clinical  education  and  training  center  that includes  both  online  and  offline  channels. Yijia Institute was established to facilitate the adoption  of  TAVR  technology  through procedure demonstration, academic thematic discussion,  case  analysis,  patient  diagnosis and screening and etc.;
- Yijia  Institute  is  equipped  with  training classrooms,  laboratories,  operation  rooms f a c i l i t i e s .   The  institute  can  provide professional  trainings,  imaging  trainings, l i v e-streaming  of  procedures,  and  other activities.  The  institute  also  offers  online programs  include  Round  Table  Discussions, Cloud  Classrooms,  Imaging  Interpretation Competitions  and  others  to  help  more physicians to learn and communicate online;
- In June 2022, we launched the WeChat official and  video  accounts  for  Yijia  Institute.  As  a professional  education  platform,  the accounts  provide  educational  resources  and t h e l a t e s t i n d u s t r y i n f o r m a t i o n i n t r a n s c a t h e t e r   valve  interventions.  By combining  resources  from  both  theory  and practice,  the  platform  benefits  the  experts and  physicians  during  their  use  of  TAVR technologies.  Yijia  Institute  promotes  the digital  dissemination  of  professional education  and  industry  information  in transcatheter  valve  interventions  in  China, facilitating  the  further  development  of  the therapy.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Commercialization (cont'd)

Since  the  launch  of  these  programs,  more  than 450  experts  and  physicians  have  participated  in our  activities  as  guest  speakers,  with  more  than 50,000  attendees.  Through  these  programs,  we have  forged  long-term  ties  with  leading  experts and scholars.

The  three  key  building  blocks  for  accelerated commercialization  of  our  TAVR  products  are: accurate product positioning and superior product performance;  well  rounded  marketing  and  sales support;  and  a  high-touch  sales  model  covering every  production  stage  of  the  product.  We  are dedicated  to  becoming  the  best  product  partner and service provider to physicians.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  TAVR implantations  in  290  hospitals,  well  ahead  of schedule.  We  will  continue  to  strengthen  our research  cooperation  with  TOP/KA  hospitals  and size  up  the  sales  team  for  more  coverage  and adoption of our TAVR products.

For  our  Neurointerventional  Business,  our experienced  marketing  team  has  tailored marketing strategies to maximize product visibility and  penetration,  based  on  the  commercialization stage and design characteristics of each product. We work closely  with  KOLs  and  physicians  in  the industry.  In  addition  to  actively  participating  in academic  and  industry  conferences  on neurointerventional  therapies,  we  live-streamed neoruinterventional  procedures  conducted  by physicians  from  top  hospitals,  which  effectively enhanced  our  product  reputation  and  brand awareness.

In  addition,  we  have  a  sales  team  with  strong product  knowledge  and  clinical  resources.  Our sales team has established extensive relationships with  industry  experts,  physicians  and  hospitals, and  maintained  long-term  cooperation  with experienced distributors. Most of our products are sold  directly  to  hospitals  through  distributors.  We believe  that  through  a  single-tier  distribution system,  we  can  leverage  our  distributors'  local networks and expertise to reach a wider range of end customers. In return, we can better adapt to changes  in  end-user  demand  and  be  more responsive  to  clinical  feedback.  The  single-tier distribution  system  can  also  enable  predictable inventory-levels,  reduce  channel  costs  and  lower product  return  rate  as  compared  to  multi-tier distribution system.

As of December 31, 2022, we had 205 distributors, covering  around  2,000  hospitals  in  31  provinces nationwide.  We  will  continue  to  build  our  sales team  and  distributor  coverage  to  serve  our expanding ischemic product portfolio.

## Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic

The  Chinese  government  has  strengthened  the epidemic  prevention  and  control  since  the outbreak of successive Delta variant and Omicron variant  cases  in  2021.  Despite  of  the  social restrictions  imposed,  our  revenue  for  the Reporting Period increased by 83.7% to RMB250.8 million  from  RMB136.5  million  for  the  year  ended December  31,  2021.  The  adverse  impact  on  our product  sales,  financial  condition  and  results  of procedures  were  limited  due  to  our  prompt  and proactive actions.

## I. BUSINESS REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Future Outlook

In  the  future,  we  will  uphold  our  corporate  vision  and  continue  our  commitment  to  the  development  and commercialization  of  interventional  solutions  for  structural  heart  and  neurovascular  diseases  in  China  and globally. For our Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business, our sales and marketing team will focus on the commercialization  of  our  registered  TAVR  products,  including  TaurusOne ®  and  TaurusElite ® .  In  addition,  we will  continue  to  actively  launch  clinical  trials  for  our  pre-clinical  stage  product  candidate  including TaurusTrio™, TaurusApex ®  etc., and facilitate the progress of those that are currently in the clinical stage, including TaurusNXT ® , HighLife ® , GeminiOne ®  and MonarQ™.

For  our  Neurointerventional  Business,  we  intend  to  maintain  the  sales  growth  momentum  through  further penetration of our existing products. We will continue to facilitate the commercialization of the new products approved  by  the  NMPA  during  the  Reporting  Period,  including  Syphonet ®   Stent  Retriever,  Tethys  AS ® Aspiration Catheter, Fastunnel ®  Delivery Balloon Dilatation Catheter and Fluxcap ®  Balloon Guide Catheter.

We will continue to enhance our pipeline, including TMV/TTV treatment device, and other transcatheter valve therapeutic and neurointerventional product candidates by strengthening our in-house R&amp;D capabilities while seeking strong, cooperative and strategic partnerships around the globe. We believe this will strengthen our international patent portfolio and further advance our globalization strategy.

## II. FINANCIAL REVIEW

## Revenue

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Group's revenue was RMB250.8 million, representing an increase of  83.7%  as  compared  to  RMB136.5  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021.  Revenue  from Neurointerventional  Business  and  Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business  were  RMB143.5  million  and RMB107.3  million,  representing  an  increase  of  51.7%  and  155.9%  as  compared  to  RMB94.6  million  and RMB41.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively.

The  increase  in  revenue  was  primarily  attributable  to:  (i)  commercialization  of  the  second  generation retrievable  TAVR  product  TaurusElite ® ,  of  which  the  revenue  increased  by  RMB57.7  million;  (ii)  increase  in sales volume of Tethys ®  Intermediate Catheter, of which the revenue increased by RMB22.7 million; and (iii) increase in sales volume of Jasper ®  SS Detachable Coil, of which the revenue increased by RMB19.5 million.

The following table sets forth a breakdown of our revenue generated from Neurointerventional Business for the periods indicated:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  RMB'000  %  RMB'000  %  Hemorrhagic  56,521  39.4  51,293  54.2  Ischemic  39,541  27.6  19,465  20.6  Vascular Access  47,173  32.9  23,539  24.9  others  287  0.1  296  0.3  Total  143,522  100.0  94,593  100.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cost of Sales

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  our  Group's  cost  of  sales  was  RMB74.6  million,  representing  an increase of 82.6% as compared to RMB40.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily  attributable  to  the  increase  in  the  material  costs,  labor  costs  and  overheads  as  a  result  of  the increased sales volume of the Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business and Neurointerventional Business.

## Gross Profit and Gross Profit Margin

As a result of the aforementioned factors, our Group's gross profit increased by 84.2%, from RMB95.7 million for  the  year  ended  December 31, 2021 to RMB176.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, in line with the increase in sales revenue. Gross profit margin is calculated as gross profit divided by revenue and multiplying the result by 100%. Our Group's gross profit margin was 70.2% for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to 70.1% for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## II. FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Selling and Distribution Expenses

Selling  and  distribution  expenses  increased  by  159.1%  from  RMB93.3  million  for  the  year  ended  December 31,  2021  to  RMB241.6  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  Such  increase  was  primarily attributable to (i) promotion for new products; (ii) development for multi-sales channels; (iii) increase in the headcount of sales team to expand the market in Mainland China.

## Administrative Expenses

Administrative expenses increased by 7.9% from RMB114.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to RMB123.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was primarily attributable to increase in staff costs.

## Research and Development Expenses

Research  and  development  expenses  decreased  by  16.3%  from  RMB445.9  million  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2021 to RMB373.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Such decrease was primarily attributable to the service expenses paid for the research and development of TSMVR products.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, R&amp;D investment used in Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business and  Neurointerventional  Business  amounted  to  RMB320.6  million  and  RMB52.5  million,  respectively.  The following table sets forth the components of research and development expenses for the periods indicated:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  RMB'000  %  RMB'000  %  Service expenses for research and  development  249,859  67.0  340,517  76.4  Employee benefits expenses  69,649  18.7  60,117  13.5  Raw materials and consumables used  42,892  11.5  33,731  7.7  Depreciation and amortization  6,358  1.7  5,253  1.2  Other  4,369  1.1  6,261  1.3  Total  373,127  100.0  445,879  100.0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other Gains/(Losses) - net

Other  gains/(losses)  -  net  increased  from  a  net  other  losses  of  RMB50.6  million  for  the  year  ended December 31,  2021  to  a  net  other  gains  of  RMB106.7  million  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  The increase was mainly due to the foreign exchange gains.

## Finance Income

Finance income increased from RMB24.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 to RMB46.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase was mainly due to the bank interest income.

## II. FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Gearing Ratio

Gearing  ratio  is  calculated  by  dividing  total liabilities by total equity and multiplying the result by  100%.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  gearing ratio  of  our  Group  increased  to  25.7%  from  4.8% as  of  December  31,  2021.  The  increase  was primarily attributable to the outstanding milestone payable for certain business development project.

## Net Current Assets

As of December 31, 2022, our Group's net current assets were RMB1,429.4 million, as compared with RMB2,307.7 million as of December 31, 2021.

## Borrowings

As  of  December  31,  2022,  our  Group's  total borrowings  amounted  to  RMB126.8  million, consisting  of  a  long-term  borrowing  of  RMB70.8 million which bore an interest rate of 3.8%-3.85% and  a  short-term  borrowing  of  RMB56.0  million which bore an interest rate of 3.58%. The purpose of  the  long-term  borrowing  was  for  financing  the construction  of  the  new  headquarter,  while  the purpose  of  the  short-term  borrowing  was  for purchasing raw materials, paying staff salaries and commencing service outsourcing.

## Capital Management

The  primary  goal  of  our  Group's  capital management  is  to  maintain  our  Group's  stability and  growth,  safeguard  its  normal  operations  and maximize Shareholders' value. Our Group reviews and  manages  its  capital  structure  on  a  regular basis.  Timely  adjustments  are  made  in  light  of changes in operating and market conditions.

## Liquidity and Financial Resources

As of December 31, 2022, our Group's total cash, cash  equivalents  and  term  deposits  amounted  to approximately  RMB1,839.7  million,  representing  a decrease  of  19.9%  as  compared  to  RMB2,296.1 million  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Our  Group continues  to  maintain  a  strong  financial  position and  is  confident  that  it  has  sufficient  funds  to meet its daily business operation requirements.

We  rely  on  capital  contributions  by  our Shareholders as the major sources of liquidity. We also  generate  cash  from  our  sales  of  existing commercialized  products.  As  our  business develops  and  expands,  we  expect  to  generate more  net  cash  from  our  operating  activities, through  increasing  sales  revenue  of  existing commercialized  products  and  by  launching  new products,  as  a  result  of  the  broader  market acceptance  of  our  existing  products  and  our continued efforts in marketing and expansion, and improving cost control and operating efficiency.

Our Group adopts conservative treasury policies in cash and financial management. To achieve better risk  control  and  minimize  the  cost  of  funds,  our Group's  treasury  is  centralized.  Cash  is  generally placed  in  deposits  mostly  denominated  in  U.S. dollars,  Hong  Kong  dollars  and  RMB.  Our  Group's liquidity  and  financing  requirements  are  reviewed regularly.

## Capital Expenditure

For the Reporting Period, our Group's total capital expenditure amounted to approximately RMB202.3 million,  which  was  mainly  used  in  (i)  the construction  of  new  headquarter;  (ii)  equipment procurement; and (iii) technologies.

## Significant Investment

Our Group maintained a healthy financial position throughout  the  Reporting  Period.  To  better develop  a  competitive  and  comprehensive pipeline  to  meet  larger  unmet  market  needs,  we have engaged in investing in three unlisted equity investments and an unlisted fund investment.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  balance  of  noncurrent  financial  assets  at  FVTPL  amounted toRMB245.2  million,  representing  three  unlisted equity  investments.  And  the  balance  of  current financial  assets  at  FVTPL  amounted  to  RMB71.6 million, representing the unlisted fund investment.

## II. FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Significant Investment (cont'd)

## Investment in unlisted equity investments

The  unlisted  equity  investments  represented preferred  shares  of  three  unlisted  entities  owned by our Group, the movements of which during the Reporting Period are shown under Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

## inQB8

inQB8  is  a  medical  device  incubator  company headquartered  in  Massachusetts,  USA,  exploring and  developing  new  solutions  for  major cardiovascular diseases, including structural heart disease,  type  A  aortic  dissection,  HFpEF  and HFmrEF. As at  December 31,  2022,  the  fair  value of the equity interests held by our Group in inQB8 amounted to RMB160.2 million.

InQB8  incubates  and  proceeds  various  start-up projects  through  prototype  design,  bench  testing, and  preclinical  testing,  allowing  these  early concepts to develop within inQB8 until the project i s   acquired  or  grown  into  an  independent cardiovascular company.

At  present,  inQB8  is  in  strategic  cooperation  with our  group  to  develop  an  innovative  product  for treating  TR,  MonarQ TM   TTVR  system.  They  have completed first patient implant of the FIM clinical trial in Denmark in November 2022.

## Sutra

Sutra  is  a  Delaware  company,  exploring  and developing  solutions  for  treating  transcatheter heart  disease.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  fair value of the equity interests held by our Group in Sutra amounted to RMB29.3 million.

Sutra's  founding  team  has  extensive  academic and  industry  experience.  Sutra's  key  product candidate,  Sutra  Hemi  Valve,  is  a  transcatheter mitral  valve  therapeutic  device  that  adopts  a hybrid  approach  between  valve  replacement  and repair technology. The device is designed to treat MR  using  a  coaptation  augmentation  technology that targets only the posterior mitral valve leaflet. Currently,  Sutra  Hemi  Valve  is  in  the  animal studies stage.

## JenaValve

JenaValve,  founded  in  2006,  focuses  on  the treatment  of  AR  and  AS  and  aims  to  develop  an i n n o v a t i v e   t r a n s c a t h e t e r   aortic  valve.  The company  is  headquartered  in  Irvine,  California, USA  and  has  manufacturing  and  assembly  bases in  Irvine,  California,  USA  and  Leeds,  UK.  As  at December  31,  2022,  the  fair  value  of  the  equity i n t e r e s t s   held  by  our  Group  in  JenaValve amounted to RMB55.7 million.

The  transcardiac  TAVI  and  transcatheter  TAVI developed  by  JenaValve  received  CE  mark approval in 2011 and 2013 for the treatment of AS and AR respectively. Its newly developed Trilogy™ Heart  Valve  System  is  the  first  and  the  only transfemoral aortic valve replacement device of its kind  as  of  the  date  of  this  report  to  receive  CE Mark  approval  for  the  treatment  of  symptomatic severe AR or symptomatic severe AS.

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  technology transfer  has  been  completed.  We  are  preparing the  roll  out  of  Trilogy TM   in  Hong  Kong  and  Macau or  the  rest  of  the  Greater  Bay  Area  within  the Greater  China  region  and  the  registration  clinical trials in the mainland China.

## II. FINANCIAL REVIEW (CONT'D)

## Significant Investment (cont'd)

## Investment in the fund investment

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  unlisted  fund  investment  represented  interest  in  a  private  fund  issued  by  a registered fund company, the movements of which during the Reporting Period are shown under Note 21 to the  consolidated  financial  statements.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  fair  value  of  the  fund  investment amounted to RMB71.6 million.

## LFM Oversea Investment Fund SPC - LFM Oversea SP

LFM Oversea Investment Fund SPC (the ' Fund ')  is  an  exempted company incorporated with limited liability under  the  laws  of  the  Cayman  Islands  on  5  July,  2018.  The  Fund  is  registered  as  a  'segregated  portfolio company' with the Registrar of Companies of the Cayman Islands. Shares are offered for sale to investors in LFM Oversea SP, a segregated portfolio of the Fund (the ' Sub-Fund ').

The Sub-Fund is not a separate legal entity. Despite references to the Sub-Fund carrying out certain activities and entering into certain transactions, the Fund is the legal entity doing so for the account of the Sub-Fund. There are no mortgages or charges registered against the Fund as at December 31, 2022.

## Contingent Liabilities

As of December 31, 2022, our Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities.

## Material Acquisitions and Disposals

For the year ended December 31, 2022, our Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.

## Charge on Assets

As  of  December  31,  2022,  a  land  use  right  and  a  building  under  construction  of  our  Group  with  carrying amounts  of  RMB9.6  million  and  RMB161.5  million  respectively  have  been  mortgaged  for  a  long-term  bank borrowing.

## Foreign Exchange Exposure

Our  Group  has  transactional  currency  exposures.  Certain  cash  and  cash  equivalents  as  well  as  financial assets  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are  dominated  in  foreign  currencies  and  are  exposed  to  foreign currency risk. Our Group will constantly review the economic situation and its foreign exchange risk profile, and will consider appropriate hedging measures in the future, as may be necessary.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING

Net  proceeds  from  the  Global  Offering  and  the  Listing  on  the  Listing  Date,  and  the  full  exercise  of  the Over-allotment Option, after deduction of the underwriting fees and commissions and expenses of the Company in  connection  with  the  Global  Offering  was  approximately  HK$2,587.98  million.  The  Group  would  apply  such proceeds in a manner consistent with the intended use of proceeds as disclosed in the Prospectus.

The  use  of  net  proceeds  from  the  Global  Offering  during  the  period  from  the  Listing  Date  up  to  December  31, 2022 and the expected timeline of the unutilized amount as at December 31, 2022 are set out as follows:

| Business objective  as stated in the Prospectus  Percentage to  total amount  Net  proceeds  Unutilized  amount  as at  January 1,  2022  Utilized  amount during  the year  ended  December 31,  2022  Unutilized  amount  as at  December 31,  2022  Expected  timeline for  unutilized  amount  %  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  Development and commercialization of our  Core Product and other major product  candidates  65  1,682.18  1,498.85  338.54  1,160.31  Yr2025  Ongoing pre-clinical studies and planned clinical  trials, preparation for registration filings and  potential commercial launches (including  sales and marketing) of our other product  candidates in our pipeline  10  258.80  53.66  53.66  0  Strengthen our research and development  capabilities to enrich our product pipeline  8  207.04  167.47  40.07  127.4  Yr2024  Expand our product portfolio or intellectual  property portfolio through potential  strategic acquisitions, investments,  partnerships and licensing opportunities  10  258.80  100.83  100.83  0  Working capital and other general corporate  purposes  7  181.16  53.08  53.08  0  Total  100  2,587.98  1,873.89  586.18  1,287.71   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  expected  timeline  for  utilization  of  the  unutilized  net  proceeds  above  is  based  on  the  Company's  best  estimation  and  is subject to change based on the future development of market conditions.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  net  proceeds  from  the  Global  Offering  not  yet  utilized  were  deposited  with  certain licensed banks in Hong Kong or the PRC.

## USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE PLACING

On January 22, 2021, the Company entered into the Placing Agreement with Morgan Stanley &amp; Co. International plc,  pursuant  to  which  the  Company  appointed  Morgan  Stanley  &amp;  Co.  International  plc  as  its  placing  agent  to procure no less than six Placees who are Independent Third Parties to subscribe up to 33,800,000 Placing Shares at  the  placing  price  of  HK$29.38  per  Placing  Share  in  accordance  with  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  Placing Agreement. The net placing price per Placing Share after deducting related fees and expenses was approximately HK$28.74 per Share. The Placing Shares had a market value of approximately HK$1,012.31 million based on the closing price of HK$29.95 per Share as of January 21, 2021 and an aggregate nominal value of US$3,380.

The Placing Shares represented approximately 5.3% of the existing issued share capital of the Company as of the Placing  Agreement  date,  and  approximately  5.1%  of  the  enlarged  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company immediately following the completion of the Placing.

The  Placing  was  completed  on  January  29,  2021.  An  aggregate  of  33,800,000  Placing  Shares  have  been successfully placed to no less than six Placees. To the best of the Directors' knowledge, information and belief, having  made  all  reasonable  enquiries,  the  Placees  and  their  respective  ultimate  beneficial  owners  are professional,  institutional,  or  other  investors  who  are  Independent  Third  Parties.  The  net  proceeds  from  the Placing were approximately HK$971.48 million, of which the intended use was set out in the announcement of the Company dated January 22, 2021. The Placing was being undertaken to strengthen the Group's financial position and  for  the  long  term  funding  of  its  business,  expansion  and  growth  plan.  The  use  of  net  proceeds  from  the Placing  during  the  period  from  the  Listing  Date  up  to  December  31,  2022  and  the  expected  timeline  of  the unutilized amount as at December 31, 2022 are set out as follows:

| Business objective as stated  in the announcement of the Company  dated January 22, 2021  Percentage  to total  amount  Net  proceeds  Unutilized  amount  as at  January 1,  2022  Utilized  amount during  the year  ended  December 31,  2022  Unutilized  amount  as at  December 31,  2022  Expected  timeline for  unutilized  amount  %  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  HK$ million  To fund potential product licensing and possible  merger and acquisition opportunities in the  area of mitral valve replacement and repair  treatment, including a collaboration and  license agreement for transeptal mitral  valve replacement with HighLife SAS dated  December 18, 2020 (for further details,  please refer to the voluntary announcement  of the Company, published on December  21, 2020)  30  291.44  38.52  13.21  25.31  Yr2025  To fund potential product licensing and possible  merger and acquisition opportunities in  other areas including tricuspid valve  replacement and repair treatment  40  388.59  118.64  0  118.64  Yr2023  To fund ongoing technology transfer, product  development, and research and  development, across the Group  25  242.87  155.53  0  155.53  Yr2023  For other general corporate purposes  5  48.58  48.58  0  48.58  Yr2023  Total  100  971.48  361.27  13.21  348.06   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  expected  timeline  for  utilization  of  the  unutilized  net  proceeds  from  the  Placing  above  is  based  on  the  Company's  best estimation and is subject to change based on the future development of market conditions.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  net  proceeds  from  the  Placing  not  yet  utilized  were  deposited  with  certain  licensed banks in Hong Kong or the PRC.

## HUMAN RESOURCES

As  of  December  31,  2022,  our  Group  had  927 employees, all of whom were based in China. Our Group's total employee benefits for the Reporting Period  were  approximately  RMB262.0  million, consisted  of  (i)  wages,  salaries  and  bonuses,  (ii) social  security  costs  and  housing  benefits,  (iii) employee  welfare  and  (iv)  share-based compensation expenses.

We recruit  our  employees  based  on  a  number  of factors,  including  work  experience,  educational background  and  the  requirements  of  a  relevant position.  We  invest  in  continuing  education programs  for  our  management  staff  and  other employees  to  improve  their  relevant  skills  and knowledge.  We  provide  our  employees  with regular  feedback  as  well  as  internal  and  external training in various areas, such as product training, project  development  and  team  building.  We  also assess our employees based on their performance to  determine their salaries, promotion and career development.

In  compliance  with  the  relevant  PRC  labor  laws, we  enter  into  individual  employment  contracts with  our  employees  covering  matters  such  as terms,  wages,  bonuses,  employee  benefits, workplace  safety,  confidentiality  obligations, non-competition and grounds for termination.

In  addition,  we  are  required  under  PRC  law  to make contributions to statutory employee benefit plans (including pension plans, medical insurance, work-related  injury  insurance,  unemployment insurance, maternity insurance and housing funds) at  a  certain  percentage  of  our  employees' salaries,  including  bonus  and  allowances,  up  to  a maximum  amount  specified  by  the  local government.

## AUDIT  COMMITTEE  AND  REVIEW  OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Audit  Committee  had  reviewed  together with  the  Company's  management  the  accounting principles  and  policies  adopted  by  the  Group and  discussed  internal  controls  and  financial reporting matters including a review of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The Board consists of three Executive Directors, four non-executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors.

## DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Dr.  Yi  ZHANG  ( 張⼀ )  ('Dr.  ZHANG') ,  aged  54,  is  the  Executive  Director,  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  Chief Executive  Officer  of  the  Company.  He  was  appointed  as  a  Director  of  the  Company  on  May  30,  2012,  and re-designated as an Executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020.

Dr. ZHANG is primarily responsible for the overall management, business, technology development, strategy and oversight  of  the  commercial  suitability  and  sustainability  of  our  Group.  Dr.  ZHANG  has  served  as  a  Director  at XinYue International Limited since September 2009, a company in which he holds 65% interest. Dr. ZHANG holds the following positions in the subsidiaries of our Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Position  Period  Achieva Medical  Director  August 2009 to present  Marvel Finder  Director  December 2018 to present  Achieva HK  Director  August 2009 to present  Peijia Suzhou  Director  January 2013 to present  Legal Representative  November 2018 to May 2019, and March 2021 to present  Peijia Shanghai  Director  October 2012 to present  Legal Representative  March 2021 to present  Achieva Shanghai  Director  May 2006 to present  Legal Representative  March 2021 to present  Achieva Suzhou  Director  January 2019 to present  Legal Representative  March 2021 to present  Jiangxi Zhisheng  (the company was  deregistered in  February 2023)  Director  May 2019 to February 2023  Legal Representative  March 2021 to February 2023  Peijia Medical Holding  Limited  Director  April 2021 to present  Peijia Medical US Limited  Director  May 2021 to present  Peijia Haining  Director  March 2022 to present  Legal Representative  March 2022 to present   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Executive Directors (cont'd)

Prior  to  joining  our  Group,  from  1996  to  1998,  Dr. ZHANG  worked  at  Medtronic  Plc,  a  biomedical engineering  company  listed  on  the  NYSE  (stock  code: MDT).  From  1998  to  2002,  Dr.  ZHANG  was  a  senior engineer  at  the  research  &amp;  development  department of  Guidant  Corporation  (subsequently  acquired  by Boston Scientific Corporation, a company listed on the NYSE (stock code: BSX)), a company which designs and manufactures artificial cardiac pacemakers, stents, and cardiovascular  medical  products.  From  February  2002 to June 2006, Dr. ZHANG served as the Chief Executive Officer  of  MicroPort  Medical  (Shanghai)  Co.,  Ltd.,  the predecessor of MicroPort Scientific Corporation, which is  a  company  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock code: 0853) that manufactures and sells coronary drug eluting stents, peripheral vascular stents, aortic balloon dilatation  catheters,  aortic  stent  grafts,  and  other related products, primarily in China. In this capacity, Dr. ZHANG was responsible for overseeing the company's overall business and strategic expansion.

From  2006  to  2019,  Dr.  ZHANG  was  the  Chairman  at Otsuka  China,  a  company  which  is  primarily  engaged i n  the  strategic  investments  in  pharmaceuticals and  consumer  products  businesses,  spanning pharmaceuticals,  and  food  and  beverage  industries. Products  manufactured  by  investees  and/or subsidiaries  of  Otsuka  China  include  oral  drugs,  and food and beverage products.

From  2010  to  2019,  Dr.  ZHANG  was  the  Board Chairman  of  Otsuka  Medical  Devices  Co.,  Ltd., a  company  which  is  primarily  engaged  in  the development  and  production  of  medical  devices  and treatment solutions in endoscopy, orthopedic implants, vascular  intervention,  and  regenerative  medical devices  targeting  drug-resistant,  treatment  resistant and  intractable  diseases.  In  this  capacity,  Dr.  ZHANG was  responsible  for  advising  the  company's  strategic planning  and  investment.  Medical  devices  produced by  Otsuka  Medical  Devices  Co.,  Ltd.  mainly  include ultrasound-based  renal  denervation  which  is  used  to treat resistant hypertension, and drug-coated scaffolds which are used in Percutaneous Coronary Intervention (PCI) procedures.

Dr.  ZHANG received his bachelor's degree in chemical engineering, with a specialization in production process automation  in  July  1988,  and  his  master's  degree  in chemical  engineering,  with  a  specialization  in  device and  instrument  automation  in  March  1991,  both  from Zhejiang  University.  Subsequently,  he  received  his degree of doctor of philosophy in engineering science in March 1997 from the University of Toledo.

Dr.  ZHANG and Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG are spouses, and Dr. ZHANG is the brother-in-law of Ms. Hong YE.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Executive Directors (cont'd)

Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG  ( 張葉萍 )  ('Mrs.  ZHANG') ,  aged  55,  was  appointed  as  a  Director  of  the  Company  on August 28, 2018, and re-designated as an Executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020. She is primarily responsible  for  the  overall  management,  business,  and  strategy  of  our  Group.  She  has  served  as  a  Director  at XinYue International Limited since September 2009. Mrs. ZHANG holds the following positions in the subsidiaries of our Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Position  Period  Achieva Medical  Director  November 2005 to present  Marvel Finder  Director  December 2018 to present  Achieva HK  Director  March 2009 to present  Peijia Suzhou  Supervisor  January 2013 to November 2018  Director  November 2018 to present  Peijia Shanghai  Supervisor  November 2011 to December 2018  Director  December 2018 to present  Achieva Shanghai  Director  February 2006 to present  Achieva Suzhou  Director  January 2016 to present  Jiangxi Zhisheng  (the company was  deregistered in  February 2023)  Director  January 2018 to February 2023   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

From  June  1993  to  March  2000,  Mrs.  ZHANG  served  as  manufacturing  engineer  and  R&amp;D  engineer  at  Guidant Corporation.  From  March  2000  to  July  2003,  Mrs.  ZHANG  served  as  engineering  manager  at  Biosensors International (formerly known as Sunscope International Inc.), in which she oversaw the development of processes and  designs  for  its  Percutaneous  Transluminal  Coronary  Angioplasty  (PTCA)  and  stent  delivery  system  and  as project manager at Jomed Inc.

Mrs. ZHANG  received  her  bachelor's  degree  in  polymer  engineering  in  June  1989  from  Zhejiang  University.  She received her degree of master of science in engineering in May 1993 from University of Akron. Subsequently, she received her degree of master of business administration in December 1996 from University of Redlands.

Dr. ZHANG and Mrs. ZHANG are spouses, and Mrs. ZHANG is a sibling of Ms. Hong YE.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Executive Directors (cont'd)

Ms.  Hong  YE  ( 葉紅 )  ('Ms.  YE') ,  aged  51,  was  appointed  as  a  Director  of  the  Company  on  October  23,  2012 and re-designated as an Executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020. She is also a Board Secretary of the Company. She is primarily responsible for the overall management, business, and strategy of our Group and also in charge of general corporate governance and development of our Group. Ms. YE was responsible for the financial management and plant construction of our Group from its establishment until April 2019. Ms. YE holds the following positions in the subsidiaries of our Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Position  Period  Achieva Medical  Director  December 2019 to present  Marvel Finder  Director  November 2017 to present  Achieva HK  Director  December 2019 to present  Peijia Suzhou  Legal Representative  January 2013 to November 2018, and  May 2019 to March 2021  Director  January 2013 to present  Peijia Shanghai  Director  November 2011 to present  Achieva Shanghai  Supervisor  February 2008 to March 2016  Director  December 2019 to present  Achieva Suzhou  Supervisor  January 2016 to December 2019  Director  December 2019 to present  Jiangxi Zhisheng  (the company was  deregistered in  February 2023)  Director  December 2019 to February 2023  Peijia HK  Director  May 2022 to present  Frontline Navigator  Limited  Director  October 2022 to present   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ms.  YE  graduated  from  Sichuan  Institute  of  Foreign  Language  (now  known  as  Sichuan  International  Studies University) in 1992. She also took courses provided by the Certified General Accountants Association of Canada at British Columbia Institute of Technology prior to her joining the Group.

Ms. YE is a sibling of Mrs. ZHANG, and the sister-in-law of Dr. ZHANG.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Non-executive Directors

Dr. Zhiyun YU ( 喻志雲 )  ('Dr.  YU') ,  aged 44, was appointed as a Director of the Company on March 22, 2016, and re-designated as a non-executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020. He is primarily responsible for  providing  overall  guidance  on  the  business  and  strategic  development  of  our  Group,  and  supervising  the management of our Board. Dr. YU holds the following positions in the subsidiaries of our Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Position  Period  Achieva Medical  Director  September 2018 to present  Marvel Finder  Director  December 2018 to present  Achieva HK  Director  October 2018 to present  Peijia Suzhou  Director  March 2016 to present  Peijia Shanghai  Director  December 2016 to present  Achieva Shanghai  Director  October 2018 to present  Achieva Suzhou  Director  January 2019 to present  Jiangxi Zhisheng  (the company was  deregistered in  February 2023)  Director  May 2019 to February 2023   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

From October 2014 to the present, Dr. YU served at Matrix Partners China and currently is a partner, where he is responsible for targeting investment opportunities in the healthcare sector. From 2012 to 2014, Dr. YU was a vice president at the Beijing Representative Office of Fidelity Growth Partners China. From 2009 to 2012, Dr. YU was the  deputy  general  manager  at  the  Northeastern  Office  of  Shenzhen  Capital  Group.  From  2006  to  2007,  Dr.  YU worked as an associate at the New York Office of McKinsey &amp; Company.

Dr.  YU  received  his  degree  of  bachelor  of  science  in  applied  chemistry  at  Peking  University  in  July  1999.  He subsequently received his degree of doctor of philosophy at Columbia University in October 2004, and his degree of master of business administration from Dartmouth College in June 2009.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Non-executive Directors (cont'd)

Mr. Jifeng GUAN ( 關繼峰 )  ('Mr.  GUAN') ,  aged  53,  who  had  previously  served  as  a  Director  of  the  Company between March 2016 to September 2019, was reappointed as a Director of the Company on October 22, 2019, and re-designated as a non-executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020. He is primarily responsible for  providing  overall  guidance  on  the  business  and  strategic  development  of  our  Group,  and  supervising  the management of our Board. In addition, Mr. GUAN holds the following positions in the subsidiaries of our Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Position  Period  Achieva Medical  Director  December 2019 to present  Marvel Finder  Director  December 2018 to present  Achieva HK  Director  December 2019 to present  Peijia Suzhou  Director  March 2016 to present  Peijia Shanghai  Director  December 2017 to present  Achieva Shanghai  Director  December 2019 to present  Achieva Suzhou  Director  December 2019 to present   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

From June 2005 to May 2010, Mr. GUAN served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at Jiuzhitang Co., Ltd., a company engaged in the production of biological and Chinese medicine pharmaceutical products and is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000989). From July 2013 to present, Mr. GUAN had served as various senior management positions of various private equity funds that focus on medical investments. From July 2013 to present, Mr. GUAN served as an Executive Director and general manager of Beijing Tianfeng Spring Capital Ltd. From  November  2017  to  present,  he  served  as  an  Executive  Director  and  general  manager  of  Beijing  Tianfeng Dehui Investment. From March 2015 to present, Mr. GUAN has served as a Director at Shanghai Ace Investment &amp; Development Co., Ltd., a company principally engaged in the logistics management for sulfur, fertilizer, chemical products, non-ferrous metals, mineral products, and certain dangerous goods, and is listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 603329). From May 2016 to present, Mr. GUAN has served as a Director at Jiangsu Apon Medical Technology Co., Ltd., a company principally engaged in the research and development, production and sale of medical device products for pain management and nasal care in China, and is listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300753).

Mr. GUAN studied in Industrial Enterprise Management at Capital University of Economics and Business in August 1991, and obtained his degree of master of business administration jointly issued by University of Northern Virginia and School of International Education Beijing Institute of Technology in November 2005. From December 2017, Mr. GUAN has also obtained his China fund practitioner qualification certificate ( 中國基金從業人員資格證 )  from  the Asset Management Association of China (AMAC).

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Non-executive Directors (cont'd)

Mr.  Fei  CHEN  ( 陳飛 )  ('Mr.  CHEN') ,  aged  43,  was  appointed  as  a  Director  of  the  Company  on  June  6,  2019, and re-designated as a non-executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020. He is primarily responsible for  providing  overall  guidance  on  the  business  and  strategic  development  of  our  Group,  and  supervising  the management of our Board. In addition, Mr. CHEN holds the following positions in the subsidiaries of our Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Position  Period  Achieva Medical  Director  June 2019 to present  Marvel Finder  Director  July 2019 to present  Achieva HK  Director  July 2019 to present  Peijia Suzhou  Director  August 2019 to present  Peijia Shanghai  Director  August 2019 to present  Achieva Shanghai  Director  July 2019 to present  Achieva Suzhou  Director  August 2019 to present  Jiangxi Zhisheng  (the company was  deregistered in  February 2023)  Director  August 2019 to February 2023   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mr. CHEN has over 12 years of senior management experience in research and development, and investments in the biomedical industry. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. CHEN served as investment manager, and subsequently as  senior  investment  manager and investment director in Lilly Asia Ventures, the biomedical venture arm of Eli Lilly  and  Company,  a  company  listed  on  the  NYSE  (stock  code:  LLY)  which  develops  and  manufactures  human pharmaceutical products from April 2009 to September 2011, and as managing partner at Lilly Asia Ventures since its  spin  off  from  Eli  Lilly  and  Company  as  an  independent  biomedical  venture  capital  firm  in  September  2011  to the present. Since January 2015, Mr. CHEN has been a Director of Zhejiang Ausun Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (stock code: 603229), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

Mr. CHEN received his bachelor of science degree in biology in July 2002, and his degree of doctor of philosophy in medical molecular genetics in June 2008, both at Fudan University.

Mr. Jun YANG ( 楊俊 )  ('Mr.  YANG') ,  aged  42,  was  appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company on August  12,  2020.  He  graduated  from  Nanyang  Technological  University  with  a  bachelor's  degree  in  electrical engineering in July 2004. Mr. YANG obtained his master's degree in business administration from Institut Européen d' Administration des Affaires (INSEAD) in December 2007. Mr. YANG is currently serving as the managing partner of  Tianjin  Yuanyi  Yongxuan  Enterprise  Management  Center  (Limited  Partnership)  and  general  manager  of  Grand Flight Investment Management Co., Ltd.. Mr. YANG has been appointed a director of Baixing Co., Ltd., a company listed  on  the  NEEQ  (stock  code:  836012)  on  September  2018,  under  a  3-year-term  of  service.  From  September 2011 to May 2016, Mr. YANG served as the deputy general manager of direct investment department of Far East Horizon  Limited,  a  company  listed  on  the  Hong  Kong  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  3360).  From  April  2009  to August 2011, Mr. YANG had served as the joint Execute Director at SC LOWY. From December 2007 to April 2009, Mr. YANG served as a senior associate in Deutsche Bank's Strategic Investment Group in Hong Kong.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Independent Non-executive Directors

Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE ('Dr. OESTERLE') , aged  72,  was  appointed  as  an  independent non-executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020 (effective from the Listing Date). He is responsible for  supervising  and  providing  independent  advice  and judgment  to  our  Board.  Dr.  OESTERLE  currently  holds several  senior  management  and  advisory  positions. Since  2015  to  the  present,  he  has  served  an  advisor at  EQT  Partners,  and  corporate  advisor  at  Temasek Holdings Private Limited. Since 2016 to the present, he has  served  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director at  Sigilon  Therapeutics,  Inc.,  a  company  that  engages in  developing  therapies  to  treat  chronic  diseases and  was  listed  on  NASDAQ  (stock  code:  SGTX)  from November  2020.  Since  2017  to  the  present,  he  has served  on  the  Board  of  Directors  at  each  of  Baxter I nternational  Inc.,  a  Fortune  500  company  listed on  NASDAQ  (stock  code:  BAX)  that  engages  in  the healthcare  business,  and  Alcyone  Lifesciences,  Inc.  a company  that  engages  in  developing  technologies  for the  treatment  of  central  nervous  system  disorders. Since  2018  to  2021,  he  served  as  an  independent non-executive Director at GlobalLogic, a digital product engineering  services  company.  Since  January  2021  to present, Dr. OESTERLE has served as a venture partner at  Cathay  Capital  and  the  CBC  Group.  Since  January 2023,  he  has  served  as  a  strategic  advisor  to  the  JP Morgan  Life  Sciences  Capital  Fund.  Since  October 2020 to 2021, he served as an independent Director at Montes Archimedes Acquisition Corp, a company listed on  NASDAQ  (stock  code:  MAAC).  Since  August  2020, he  also  has  served  on  the  board  of  directors  at  each of  SHL  Medical  AG,  a  world-leading  provider  of  drug delivery  solutions  in  Switzerland,  and  from  January 2020  to  present  on  Paragon  28,  Inc.,  an  orthopedic company  in  Colorado,  United  States,  listed  on  the NYSE (stock code: FNA). From January 2020 to present he  has  served  on  the  advisory  board  of  privately  held CeramTec,  one  of  the  largest  producers  in  the  world of ceramic industrial and medical products. From 2015 to  2020,  Dr.  OESTERLE  served  as  a  venture  partner at  New  Enterprise  Associates.  From  February  2018 to  March  2019,  Dr.  OESTERLE  served  as  a  director  at REVA Medical, Inc., a medical device company listed on the  Australian  Securities  Exchange  (stock  code:  RVA)

which  engages  in  the  development  of  bioresorbable polymers for vascular applications. From 2002 to 2015, he  served  as  the  senior  vice  president  for  medicine and technology at Medtronic plc, a company listed on the NYSE (stock code: MDT), where he was responsible for  formulating  technological  strategies.  From  1998 to  2002,  Dr.  OESTERLE  was  an  associate  professor of  medicine,  director  of  invasive  cardiology  services at  Harvard  Medical  School.  From  1992  to  1998,  he served as an associate professor of medicine, director of  interventional  cardiology  at  Stanford  University's School  of  Medicine.  From  1991  to  1992,  he  served as  an  associate  professor  of  medicine,  director  of interventional cardiology at Georgetown University.

Dr.  OESTERLE  received  his  bachelor  of  arts  degree from Harvard University, graduating summa cum laude in  1973,  and  his  degree  of  doctor  of  medicine  from Yale  University  in  1977.  During  1977  to  1980,  he  was a  post-doctoral  fellow  at  Harvard  Medical  School  Massachusetts  General  Hospital.  From  1981  to  1983, he  was  a  post-doctoral  fellow  at  Stanford  University School of Medicine.

Mr.  Robert  Ralph  PARKS  ('Mr.  PARKS') ,  aged 78,  was  appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive Director of the Company on January 21, 2020 (effective from the Listing Date). He is responsible for supervising and providing independent advice and judgment to our Board.  Mr.  PARKS  has  extensive  experience  in  senior management  in  the  financial  services  sector.  From 1981  to  1994,  he  was  a  general  partner  (and  limited partner  until  1997)  of  the  investment  banking  division of  Goldman  Sachs  &amp;  Co..  From  1997  to  2000,  he  was the  General  Partner  of  the  Beacon  Group,  a  boutique investment bank specializing in private equity investing and  merger  and  acquisition  advisory  services,  which was  later  acquired  by  JPMorgan  Chase.  From  2001 to  2006,  Mr.  PARKS  was  the  executive  chairman  of the  Asia  Pacific  region  of  JPMorgan  Chase,  and  was responsible  for  all  operations  and  functions  in  Asia Pacific  region.  From  2007  to  2012,  he  was  the  Asia chairman of Oaktree Capital Management, in which he was subsequently appointed as co-portfolio manager of the Asia Pacific Opportunities Fund. From 2014 to 2019, Mr. PARKS was an independent non-executive director of Ambow Education Holding Ltd., a company listed on the  New  York  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  AMBO),  a provider of education and training services in China.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Independent Non-executive Directors (cont'd)

From  February  2010  to  April  2014,  Mr.  PARKS  had served  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  at Siam Commercial Bank (a company listed on the Stock Exchange  of  Thailand  (stock  code:  SCB)).  From  June 2015 to September 2018, he served as an independent non-executive  Director  at  AAG  Energy  Holdings,  a company  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code: 2686).  From  January  2017  to  December  2020,  he served as the Chairman of Paradigm Advisors Holdings Limited.  He  has  also  served  as  a  senior  advisor  to Ascendent  Capital  Partners,  a  private  equity  fund focused on investment in China.

Mr.  PARKS  received  his  bachelor's  degree  in  history from Rice University in 1966, and his degree of master of  business  administration  from  Columbia  University Graduate School of Business in 1970.

Mr. Wai Ming YIP ( 葉偉明 ) ('Mr. YIP') , aged 57, was appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director of  the  Company  on  January  21,  2020  (effective  from the  Listing  Date).  He  is  responsible  for  supervising and  providing  independent  advice  and  judgment  to our  Board.  Mr.  YIP  has  many  years  of  experience  in financial  accounting,  capital  markets  and  corporate finance  in  Hong  Kong  and  China.  From  1987  to  1996, he  worked  in  the  audit  department  of  Ernst  &amp;  Young, and  immediately  prior  to  his  departure,  he  served as  a  senior  manager.  From  1996  to  1998,  he  was  the associate  director  at  the  merchant  banking  division of  ING  Bank  N.V.  (the  former  subsequently  merged with  ING  Barings,  and  was  acquired  by  Macquarie Group). From 1999 to 2001, Mr. YIP served as the chief financial  officer  at  Tafu  International  Holdings  Limited (now  known  as  Lamtex  Holdings  Limited),  a  company principally  engaged  in  securities  trading  and  property investment,  and  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock code: 1041). From 2001 to 2003, Mr. YIP served as the vice  president  at  Hi  Sun  Technology  (China)  Limited, a  provider  of  information  technology  services,  and listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0818). From 2004  to  2009,  Mr.  YIP  served  as  chief  financial  officer at  Haier  Electronics  Group  Co.,  Ltd.,  a  provider  of home  appliances  in  China,  and  listed  on  the  Stock Exchange  (stock  code:  1169).  From  2009  to  2015,  Mr. YIP  served  as  an  independent  non-executive  director at  BBMG  Corporation,  a  company  engaged  in  the cement  and  property  development  business,  and listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  2009)  and Shanghai  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  601992).  From 2013  to  2022,  Mr.  YIP  served  as  an  independent  nonexecutive  Director  at  Ploy  Culture  Group  Corporation Limited,  a  company  engaged  in  auction  of  art  works and  management  of  theaters  and  cinemas,  and  listed on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  3636).  Mr.  YIP also  served  as  deputy  general  manager  of  Yuzhou Properties  Company  Limited,  a  company  listed  on  the Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  1628),  between  February and September 2010.

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Independent Non-executive Directors (cont'd)

In  addition,  he  currently  holds  directorships  in  the  following  listed  companies,  as  independent  non-executive Director,  his  responsibilities  include  providing  independent  advice,  as  well  as  reviewing  and  supervising  the financial reporting process and internal control system of these companies:

| Name of entity  Principal business  Place of listing  and stock code  Position and  duration of office  Ju Teng International Holdings  Limited  Manufacturing of notebook  computer casings  Stock Exchange  (stock code: 3336)  Independent non-executive  Director from May 2006 to  present  PAX Global Technology Limited  Development and sale of  POS products and related  services  Stock Exchange  (stock code: 327)  Independent non-executive  Director from December  2010 to present  Far East Horizon Limited  Finance lease services  Stock Exchange  (stock code: 3360)  Independent non-executive  Director from March 2011 to  present  Yida China Holdings Limited  Development and management  of business parks and  related residential and  business properties  Stock Exchange  (stock code: 3639)  Independent non-executive  Director from June 2014 to  present  Huobi Technology Holdings Limited  Power related electrical/  electronic products business  and technology solution  business  Stock Exchange  (stock code: 1611)  Independent non-executive  Director from October 2018  to present   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notwithstanding Mr. YIP's engagement as an independent non-executive Director of five companies listed on the Stock Exchange, Mr. YIP confirmed that he would devote sufficient time to act as our independent non-executive Director based on the following:

- Mr.  YIP  is  neither  a  full  time  member  of  the  above-named  companies  nor  involved  in  the  day-to-day operations or management of such companies. As such, he has no executive and management responsibility therein;
- Mr.  YIP  is  primarily  required  to  attend  relevant  board  meetings,  committee  meetings  and  shareholders' meetings  of  the  above-named  listed  companies.  He  has  maintained  a  high  attendance  rate  for  board meetings, committee meetings and shareholders' meetings for such listed companies during the respective latest financial period since his appointment date;

## DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

## Independent Non-executive Directors (cont'd)

- with  his  background  and  experience,  Mr. YIP  is  fully  aware  of  the  responsibilities  and expected  time  involvement  for  an  independent non-executive  Director.  He  has  not  found difficulties  in  devoting  to  and  managing  his  time with  numerous  companies  and  he  is  confident that  with  his  experience  in  being  responsible  for several  roles,  he  will  be  able  to  discharge  his duties to our Company;
- none  of  the  above-named  listed  companies that  he  has  a  directorship  with  has  questioned or  complained  about  his  time  devoted  to  such companies; and
- Mr.  YIP's  role  in  our  Group  is  non-executive  in nature  and  he  will  not  be  involved  in  the  daily management  of  our  Group's  business,  thus  his engagement  as  our  independent  non-executive Director will not require his full-time participation.

Mr. YIP received his bachelor's degree in social science from University of Hong Kong in 1987. He subsequently received his bachelor of laws from University of London in 2001. Mr. YIP has been a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (HKICPA) since 1996, a fellow of the Chartered Association of Certified Accountants  (ACCA)  since  1995,  and  a  member  of China Institute of Certified  Public  Accountants (CICPA) since 1996.

Mr.  Huacheng  WEI  ('Mr.  WEI') ,  aged  63,  was appointed  as  an  independent  non-executive  director of the Company on September 20, 2021. He graduated from  Central  South  Institute  of  Mining  and  Metallurgy with a bachelor's degree in metallurgical machinery in 1982. Mr. Wei obtained his master's degree in business administration  from  Tsinghua  University  in  1999  and his  doctoral  degree  in  management  from  Huazhong University of Science and Technology in 2004. Mr. Wei has  considerable  experience  in  medical  industry  as he served as the Party Secretary and the chairman of Beijing  Pharmaceutical  Group  Company  Limited,  the Party  Secretary  and  the  chairman  of  Beijing  DoubleCrane  Pharmaceuticals  Co.,  Ltd.  (now  known  as  CR Double-Crane  Pharmaceuticals  Co.,  Ltd.,  a  company listed  on  the  Shanghai  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code: SHA  600062)),  the  chairman  of  the  supervisory committee of Beijing Wandong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock  code:  SHA  600055)),  and  the  deputy  general manager  of  China  Resources  Pharmaceutical  Group Limited.

He  has  subsequently  been  a  standing  committee member of the Party Committee of Beijing Automotive Group  Co.,  Ltd.  since  February  2013,  and  he  served as  the  vice  chairman  of  Beijing  Automotive  Group Co.,  Ltd.  from  February  2013  to  April  2021.  From  June 2006  to  June  2012,  he  served  as  the  chairman  of  the supervisory  committee  of  Beijing  Wandong  Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shanghai Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  SHA  600055)).  He  has been  an  adjunct  professor  of  Huazhong  University  of Science and Technology ( 華中科技大學 ) since 2005 and a visiting professor of Renmin University of China ( 中國 人民大學 ) since 2008.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Yi  ZHANG ( 張⼀ ) is  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  our Company. Please refer to 'Directors' section above for his biographical details.

Hong  YE  ( 葉紅 ) ,  i s  the  Board  Secretary  of  our Company. Please refer to 'Directors' section above for her biographical details.

Leo  TSAI  ( 蔡洌 ) ,  aged  43,  has  been  serving  as  the Chief  Financial  Officer  of  our  Company  since  April 2019. In this capacity, Mr. Tsai is primarily responsible for  overseeing  the  overall  financial  management and  corporate  development  of  our  Group.  Prior  to joining  our  Group,  Mr.  Tsai  has  broad  experience  in managerial positions in the investment banking sector. He  was  a  director  at  Huatai  Financial  Holdings  (Hong Kong)  Limited  from  October  2016  to  January  2019,  a vice  president  at  Barclays  Capital  Asia  Limited  from December  2015  to  July  2016,  and  a  vice  president  at ICBC  International  Capital  Limited  from  June  2013  to October 2015. He received his bachelor's degree from National Taiwan University in June 2003, and his degree of  master  of  business  administration  from  Cornell University's Samuel Curtis Johnson Graduate School of Management in May 2011.

Kongrong  Karl  PAN  ( 潘孔榮 ) ,  aged  64,  is  the  Chief Operating Officer of our Company and has been serving as  the  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  Peijia  Suzhou  since January  2017.  Prior  to  joining  our  Group,  he  worked as  the  engineering  manager  at  St.  Jude  Medical Supplies  Co.,  Ltd.  from  January  1997  to  September 2009,  in  which  he  was  responsible  for  managing  the development  and  manufacture  of  medical  devices. From  October  2009  to  December  2015,  Mr.  Pan became  the  senior  vice  president  of  supply  chain  at Shanghai Microport Medical (Group) Co., Ltd, in which he  was  responsible  for  developing,  manufacturing and  marketing  medical  devices  in  China  with  a  focus on  minimally  invasive  interventional  products  for the  treatment  of  vascular  diseases  and  lesions.  He received  his  bachelor's  degree  in  aircraft  design  from Beijing  Institute  of  Aeronautics  and  Astronautics  in October  1982,  and  master's  degree  in  mechanical engineering  from  Shanghai  University  of  Technology (now  known  as  Shanghai  University)  in  March  1986. Subsequently,  he  received  his  master's  degree  in mechanical  engineering  in  March  1992,  and  master's degree  in  management  of  technology  in  December 2002 from Carlson School of Management, both at the University of Minnesota.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

Jian  Fong  TAN  ( 陳劍鋒 ) ,  aged  48,  is  the  Chief Technology Officer of  our  Company.  He  served  as  the engineering  director  and  subsequently  vice  president of manufacturing at Achieva Shanghai from July 2006 to June 2012. Prior to joining our Group, Dr. Tan was the operation director at Bioridge Consulting from July 2016 to  June  2019,  in  which  he  was  primarily  responsible for  the  development  of  medical  devices.  Dr.  Tan  had also  served  as  assistant  vice  president  of  biomedical sciences division at Exploit Technologies Pte Ltd. (ETPL) (now  known  as  A*ccelerate),  the  commercialization arm  of  Agency  for  Science,  Technology  and  Research ( A*STAR),  and  director  of  new  technologies  at Biosensors  Interventional  Technologies  Pte  Ltd. from  February  2013  to  February  2015.  He  received his  bachelor  of  science  degree  in  applied  science (materials  engineering)  from  Nanyang  Technological University,  Singapore  in  July  1999,  a  master's  degree followed  by  a  degree  of  doctor  of  philosophy  in  the molecular  engineering  of  biological  and  chemical systems  programme  at  Singapore-MIT  Alliance  for Research and Technology in November 2006.

Ping  HU  ( 胡平 ) ,  aged  51,  is  the  Assistant  to  CEO  in our  Company,  and  has  been  serving  in  this  capacity since  May  2020.  Prior  to  joining  our  Company,  Mr. Hu  worked  as  the  deputy  General  Manager  of  Otsuka (China) Investment Co., Ltd. from January 2015 to April 2020.  From  June  2011  to  December  2014,  he  served as  the  deputy  General  Manager  of  Shanghai  Pudong Xinxing  Niushida  Venture  Capital  Co.,  Ltd.  From  June 2008  to  June  2011,  he  was  the  Human  Resource Director  of  MicroPort  Medical  Group.  From  June  2003 to  June  2008,  he  served  as  the  Human  Resource Director  and  a  Supervisor  in  Shanghai  Zhang  jiang  HiTech Park Development Co., Ltd. From October 1999 to June 2003, he was a Staff Member in the Organization Department of  Pudong  New  Area  in  Shanghai.  Mr.  Hu graduated  from  Jilin  University  of  Technology  with  a bachelor of engineering degree in 1994 and received a master  of  engineering  degree  from  Shanghai  Jiaotong University in 1999.

Xin  ZHANG  ( 張昕 ) ,  aged  49,  served  as  the  Vice President  of  Business  Development  of  our  Company since  April,  2021.  Prior  to  joining  our  Company,  from December  2017  to  December  2020,  Dr.  Xin  ZHANG worked  as  a  general  manager  of  medical  device  at Shenzhen  Salubris  Pharmaceuticals  Co.,  Ltd.  (002294). From  May  2016  to  November  2017,  he  served  as  a co-founder  at  Jarvis  Medical  Technology  Co.,  Ltd.  in Hangzhou.  Dr.  Xin  ZHANG  was  a  marketing  director at  Smith&amp;Nephew  Inc.  in  Andover,  U.S.  between March  2015  and  May  2016.  From  March  2013  to December  2014,  he  served  as  marketing  director  at Boston  Scientific  Corporation  (BSX)  Cardiac  Rhythm Management  (CRM)  in  Shanghai.  From  June  2011 to  March  2013,  Dr.  Xin  ZHANG  worked  as  a  senior marketing  manager  at  Medtronic  (MDT)  Spinal  &amp; Biologics  in  Memphis,  U.S..  From  August  2005  to  May 2009,  he  served  as  a  senior  scientist  at  Medtronic (MDT)  Cardiac  Rhythm  Disease  Management  (CRDM) in  Minneapolis,  U.S..  From  September  1992  to  June 1999,  Dr.  Xin  ZHANG  obtained  his  bachelor  and master  degree  in  biomedical  engineering  at  Zhejiang University.  He  subsequently  received  his  degree of  doctor  (PhD)  of  biomedical  engineering  at  the University  of  Minnesota  Twin  Cities  in  May  2005,  and his degree of Master of Business Administration (MBA) in  Finance  and  Healthcare  from  Wharton  Business School, University of Pennsylvania in May 2011.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

Hongpeng  WANG  ( 王鴻鵬 ) ,  aged  43,  is  the  Vice President  of  Marketing  of  our  Company  and  joined Peijia  Suzhou  in  July  2019.  Ms.  Wang  was  a  product manager  at  Cordis  of  Johnson  &amp;  Johnson  Medical (Shanghai)  Co.,  Ltd.  between  September  2007  and March  2010.  Ms.  Wang  was  a  product  marketing manager,  a  senior  marketing  manager  and  an automatic  external  defibrillator  (AED)  business leader  at  Philips  (China)  Investment  Co.,  Ltd  during August  2010  to  December  2018.  Ms.  Wang  was  a marketing  manager  of  Actelion  Pharmaceuticals Trading  (Shanghai)  Co.  Ltd.,  a  subsidiary  of  Actelion Pharmaceuticals  Ltd.,  which  is  a  Swiss-based pharmaceutical  company,  between  December  2018 and  June  2019.  Ms.  Wang  received  her  degree  of bachelor  of  medicine  from  Shanghai  Medical  College of Fudan University in June 2003. She also received the degree of executive master of business administrative from Olin Business School of Washington University in St. Louis in July 2021.

Xiaoxiao  ZHUANG  ( 莊筱筱 ) ,  aged  40,  is  the  Vice President  of  Sales  of  our  Company  and  joined  the Company  in  April  2020.  In  this  capacity,  she  is  in charge  of  the  strategic  management  of  the  sales function  of  our  Group.  Prior  to  joining  our  Group, from April 2017 to March 2020, Ms. Zhuang served as regional  sales  manager  at  BSC  Int'l  Medical  Trading (Shanghai)  Co.,  Ltd..  From  January  2015  to  April  2017, she had served as district sales manager at Medtronic (Shanghai)  Management  Co.,  Ltd..  Ms.  Zhuang  was a  district  sales  manager  at  Abbott  Laboratories Trading  (Shanghai)  Co.,  Ltd.  between  March  2010  and January  2015.  From  July  2008  to  March  2010,  she served  as  a  product  specialist  at  Johnson  &amp;  Johnson Medical  (Shanghai)  Ltd..  Ms.  Zhuang  received  her bachelor's degree in biology from Szechuan University in  July  2005.  She  received  her  master's  degree  in biotechnology  and  medicine  from  Shanghai  Institutes for Biological Sciences in July 2008.

Chen WANG ( 王晨 ) ,  aged 48, is the General Manager of Achieva and has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer  of  Achieva  Shanghai  since  June  2016.  Prior to  such  role,  Ms.  Wang  held  positions  in  Achieva Shanghai  as  sales  director,  intercontinental  marketing director, and Vice President of Sales &amp; Marketing from December 2010  to  May  2016.  In  these  capacities,  her responsibilities  primarily  included  sales  and  marketing to  both  domestic  and  overseas  markets.  Prior  to joining  our  Group,  Ms.  Wang  held  various  managerial positions,  including  as  a  senior  district  sales  manager in Johnson &amp; Johnson Medical (Shanghai) Ltd. from July 2006 to March 2010. She received her bachelor degree in science specializing in international trade from China Textile  University  (now  known  as  Donghua  University) in  July  1998,  and  her  degree  of  master  of  business administration  from  University  of  California,  Berkeley, in May 2005.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms.  Hing  Ling  CHAU  ( 周慶齡 ) ,  was  appointed  as the  company  secretary  of  our  Company  on  June  17, 2022.  Ms.  Chau  is  currently  an  Executive  Director  of corporate  services  of  Vistra  Corporate  Services  (HK) Limited.  She  has  over  twenty  years  of  experience  in the  corporate  services  industry.  She  is  currently  the company secretary/joint company secretary of certain listed companies.

Ms.  CHAU  obtained  a  master  of  laws  majoring  in corporate  and  financial  law  from  The  University  of Hong  Kong  in  November  2007.  She  has  been  a  fellow member  of  The  Hong  Kong  Chartered  Governance I nstitute  and  a  fellow  member  of  The  Chartered Governance  Institute  in  United  Kingdom  since  May 2013.

## CHANGES IN DIRECTORS' INFORMATION

Save  as  disclosed  herein,  as  the  date  of  this  annual report,  the  Directors  confirm  that  no  information  is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

## REPORT OF DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present this report of Directors together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## DIRECTORS

The  Directors  who  held  office  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 and up to the date  of  this  annual report are:

## Executive Directors:

Dr. Yi ZHANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG Ms. Hong YE

## Non-executive Directors:

Dr. Zhiyun YU

Mr. Jifeng GUAN

Mr. Fei CHEN Mr. Jun YANG

## Independent Non-executive Directors:

Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE

Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS

Mr. Wai Ming YIP

Mr. Huacheng WEI

Biographical  details  of  the  Directors  and  senior management of the Company are set out in the section headed 'Directors  and  Senior  Management'  on  pages 36 to 49 of this annual report.

## GLOBAL OFFERING

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on May 30, 2012 as an exempted company with limited liability. The Company's ordinary shares (the ' Shares ') were  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange on May 15, 2020.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  Company  is  an  investment  holding  company.  The Company's subsidiaries were involved in research and development of medical devices.

The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  are  principally engaged  in  the  business  of  (i)  research  and development  of  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic medical devices (' Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business ')  and  (ii)  Neurointerventional  Business i n  the  PRC  and  other  countries.  Transcatheter Valve  Therapeutic  Business  is  primarily  operated by  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  mainly comprising  of  Peijia  Suzhou  and  Peijia  Shanghai,  and Neurointerventional  Business  is  primarily  operated  by Achieva Group.

The  activities  and  particulars  of  the  Company's subsidiaries  are  shown  under  Note  17a  to  the consolidated  financial  statements.  An  analysis  of  the Group's  revenue  and  net  results  for  the  year  ended December  31,  2022  by  principal  activities  of  the Group  is  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'Management Discussion and Analysis' in this annual report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

A fair review of the business of the Group as required by  Schedule  5  to  the  Companies  Ordinance  (Chapter 622  of  the  Laws  of  Hong  Kong),  including  an  analysis of  the  Group's  financial  performance,  an  indication of  likely  future  developments  in  the  Group's  business and the Group's key relationships with its stakeholders who  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  Group  and  on which  the  Group's  success  depends,  is  set  out  in  the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' of  this  annual  report.  These  discussions  form  part  of this  annual  report.  Events  affecting  the  Company  that have occurred since the end of the financial year is set out in the section headed 'Subsequent Event After The Reporting  Date'  under  'Management  Discussion  and Analysis' of this annual report.

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The  Company  is  committed  to  operate  its  business  in compliance  with  applicable  environmental  protection laws  and  regulations  and  has  implemented  relevant environmental protection measures in compliance with the required standards under applicable PRC laws and regulations.

The  Group  is  subject  to  environmental  protection  and occupational  health  and  safety  laws  and  regulations in  China.  The  Group  aims  to  operate  our  facilities  in  a manner that  protects  the  environment  and  the  health and  safety  of  our  employees  and  communities.  The Group has implemented company-wide environmental, health  and  safety  (EHS)  policies  and  operating procedures relating to waste treatment, process safety management,  worker  health  and  safety  requirements and  emergency  planning  and  response.  To  further ensure  the  compliance  with  applicable  environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations, the  Group  (i)  has  established  various  guidelines governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous materials and  wastes  to  ensure  such  guidelines  are  strictly enforced  for  the  disposal  of  laboratory  materials  and wastes;  (ii)  inspect  equipment  and  facilities  regularly to  identify  and  eliminate  safety  hazards;  (iii)  provide regular  safety  awareness  training  to  employees;  (iv) keep  health  records  for  all  employees  and  conduct health examinations before, during and after their time at  the  company,  especially  for  employees  engaged  in work  involving  occupational  hazards;  and  (v)  conduct regular  fire  safety  inspections,  maintenance  of fire-fighting equipment and regular emergency drills.

All  of  the  Group's  properties,  plants  and  equipment meet  the  standards  required  for  compliance  with applicable environmental rules and regulations, and the Group  believes  it  has  maintained  a  good  relationship with  the  communities  surrounding  the  Group's production facilities.

To  the  best  knowledge  of  the  Group,  during  the  year ended  December  31,  2021,  the  Group  has  complied with  the  relevant  environmental  and  occupational health and safety laws and regulations in China and we did  not  have  any  incidents  or  complaints  which  had  a material  and  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial condition or results of operations during the Reporting Period.

Further  details  of  the  Company's  environmental policies  and  performance  is  set  out  in  the  section headed 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' of this annual report.

## COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

As  far  as  the  Board  and  management  are  aware,  the Group  has  complied  in  all  material  aspects  with  the relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact  on  the  business  and  operation  of  the  Group. During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  there was  no  material  breach  of,  or  non-compliance,  with applicable laws and regulations by the Group.

## RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME

The  Group  has  one  employee  who  participates  in the  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  in  Hong  Kong.  The employees  of  the  Group  in  the  PRC  are  members  of the  state-managed  pension  scheme  operated  by  the PRC government. The Group is required to contribute a specified percentage of payroll costs as determined by local  government  authority  to  the  pension  obligations to  fund  the  benefits.  The  only  obligation  of  the  Group with  respect  to  this  retirement  benefits  scheme  is  to make the specified contributions under the scheme.

Details  of  the  pension  obligations  of  the  Company are  set  out  in  Note  8  to  the  consolidated  financial statements in this annual report.

## RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS AND CONNECTED TRANSACTION

Details  of  the  related  party  transactions  of  the  Group for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  are  set  out in  Note  35  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements contained herein.

None  of  the  related  party  transactions  constitute a  connected  transaction  or  continuing  connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Group has  not  entered  into  any  connected  transaction  or continuing  connected  transaction  which  should  be disclosed pursuant to the requirements of Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  revenue amounts  from  the  Group's  five  largest  customers accounted  for  53.8%  (2021:  36.8%)  of  the  Group's total revenue and the revenue amount from our single largest customer accounted for 23.6% (2021: 15.2%) of the Group's total revenue.

None  of  the  Directors,  their  respective  close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company's issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group's five largest customers.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  purchases from  the  Group's  five  largest  suppliers  accounted  for approximately  25.6%  (2021:  22.5%)  of  the  Group's total  purchase  amount  in  the  same  year.  The  Group's largest supplier for the year ended December 31, 2022 accounted for approximately 12.1% (2021: 8.5%) of the Group's total purchase amount for the same year.

None  of  the  Directors,  their  respective  close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company's issued capital, has any interest in any of the Group's five largest suppliers.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Group did  not  experience  any  significant  disputes  with  its customers or suppliers.

## KEY RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS

The  Group  recognizes  that  various  stakeholders including  suppliers,  employees,  Shareholders  and other business associates are key to Group's success. The  Group  strives  to  achieve  corporate  sustainability through engaging, collaborating, and cultivating strong relationship with them.

## Relationship with Our Employees

We endeavor to cultivate talented and loyal employees by  treating  our  employees  with  dignity,  respect and  fairness.  We  conduct  new  employee  training, as  well  as  professional  and  compliance  training programs  for  employees.  We  enter  into  employment contracts  with  our  employees  to  cover  matters  such as  wages,  benefits  and  grounds  for  termination.  The remuneration  package  of  our  employees  usually includes  salary,  bonus  and  share  option  incentives, which are generally determined by their qualifications, industry  experience,  position  and  performance.  We make  contributions  to  social  insurance  and  housing provident  funds  as  required  by  the  PRC  laws  and regulations.

## Relationship with Shareholders

We  recognize  the  importance  of  protecting  the interests  of  the  Shareholders  and  of  having  effective communication with them. We believe communication with  the  Shareholders  is  a  two-way  process  and  have thrived  to  ensure  the  quality  and  effectiveness  of information  disclosure,  maintain  regular  dialogue  with the Shareholders and listen carefully to the views and feedback  from  the  Shareholders.  This  has  been  done through  general  meetings,  corporate  communications, annual and interim reports and results announcements.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond its control.

## Risks relating to our financial position and need for additional capital

- We  have  incurred  significant  operating  losses since  our  inception,  and  may  continue  to  incur operating  losses  for  the  foreseeable  future.  You may  lose  substantially  all  your  investments  in  us given the high risks involved in the medical device business.
- We  had  net  cash  outflows  from  our  operating activities  in  the  past  and  may  need  to  obtain additional  financing  to  fund  our  operations.  If we  are  unable  to  obtain  such  financing,  we  may be  unable  to  complete  the  development  of  our product  candidates  and  the  commercialization  of our approved products.

## Risks  Relating  to  the  Development  of  Our Product Candidates

- Our  future  growth  depends  substantially  on  the successful development of our product candidates to commercialization.
- Clinical  product  development  involves  a  lengthy and  expensive  process  with  an  uncertain outcome.
- If  clinical  trials  of  our  product  candidates  fail  to demonstrate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of  regulatory  authorities  or  do  not  otherwise produce positive  results  in  a  timely  manner  or  at all,  we  may  incur  additional  costs  or  experience delays  in  completing,  or  ultimately  be  unable  to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates.
- The  initial  or  interim  results  of  clinical  trials  may not  be  predictive  of  the  final  clinical  trial  results and may be subject to adjustments.
- We  may  not  be  able  to  develop  new  products that  are  competitive  in  the  market,  or  in  a  timely manner or at all.

## Risks Relating to the Commercialization of Our Products

- If  physicians  and  hospitals  are  not  receptive  to our  products,  our  results  of  operations  may  be negatively affected.
- Failure to achieve broad market acceptance could have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  our  business and results of operations.
- If  our  distributors  fail  to  expand  or  maintain  their sales network, or if we fail to educate or manage our distributors effectively, our sales may decline.
- Our  current  revenue  is  generated  from  sales  of first-  and  second-generation  TAVR  systems  and neurointerventional procedural medical devices.

## Risks  Relating  to  Extensive  Government Regulations

- The  regulatory  approval  processes  are  lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable.
- We may not be able to maintain or renew all the permits, licenses and certificates required for our production.
- We  may  not  be  able  to  comply  with  ongoing regulatory  obligations  which  may  result  in withdrawal of approvals for our products.

## Risks  Relating  to  Manufacture  and  Supply  of Our Products

- The  manufacture  of  our  products  is  highly complex and subject to strict quality controls. Our business could suffer if our products and product candidates  are  not  produced  in  compliance  with all the applicable quality standards.
- We  mainly  rely  on  our  production  facilities  in Suzhou and Shanghai for the manufacturing of our products and product candidates; any disruptions to  the  operation  of  our  production  facilities  could materially  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial condition and results of operations.
- We  may  be  exposed  to  potential  product  liability claims  and  product  recalls,  and  our  insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us from all the liabilities we may incur.

## Risks  Relating  to  Our  Intellectual  Property Rights

- If  we  are  unable  to  obtain  and  maintain  patent protection  for  our  products  and  product candidates  through  intellectual  property  rights, or if the scope of such intellectual property rights obtained  is  not  sufficiently  broad,  third  parties may compete directly against us.
- Changes in patent law could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidates.
- If  we  are  unable  to  protect  the  confidentiality  of our  trade  secrets,  our  business  and  competitive position would be harmed. We may be subject to claims  that  our  employees  have  wrongfully  used or  disclosed  alleged  trade  secrets  of  their  former employers.

## Risks Relating to Our Operations

- We  have  entered  into  collaborations,  and  may establish  or  seek  collaborations  or  strategic alliances  or  enter  into  licensing  arrangements  in the  future,  and  we  may  not  realize  the  benefits of  such  collaborations,  alliances  or  licensing arrangements.
- Acquisitions  or  strategic  partnerships  may increase  our  capital  requirements,  dilute  our Shareholders,  cause  us  to  incur  debt  or  assume contingent liabilities, and subject us to other risks.
- We  have  historically  received  government  grants and  subsidies  for  our  research  and  development activities  and  we  may  not  receive  such  grants  or subsidies in the future.

## Risks Relating to Doing Business in China

- Changes in the political  and  economic  policies  of the PRC government may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of  operations  and  may  result  in  our  inability  to sustain our growth and expansion strategies.
- The  discontinuation  of  any  preferential  tax treatment currently available to us could adversely affect  our  results  of  operations,  cash  flow  and prospects.

However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are  advised  to  make  their  own  judgment  or  consult their  own  investment  advisors  before  making  any investment in the Shares.

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A  summary  of  the  audited  consolidated  results  and the  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Group  for  the  last five  financial  years,  as  extracted  from  the  audited consolidated  financial  statements,  is  set  out  on  page 239 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  are  no  provisions  for  pre-emptive  rights  under the  Articles  of  Association,  or  the  Acts  of  Cayman Islands,  which  would  oblige  the  Company  to  offer new shares of the Company on a pro-rata basis to its existing shareholders.

## TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES

The  Company  is  not  aware  of  any  tax  relief  or exemption  available  to  the  Shareholders  by  reason  of their respective holding of the Company's securities.

## SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's subsidiaries are set out in Note 17a to the consolidated financial statements.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  the  property,  plant  and equipment  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  during  the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  movements  in  the  share  capital  of  the Company  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022 and details of the Shares issued during the year ended December  31,  2022  are  set  out  in  Note  24  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

According  to  the  information  that  is  publicly  available to  the  Company  and  within  the  knowledge  of  the Board, as at the date of this report, the Company has maintained  the  public  float  as  required  under  the Listing Rules.

## DONATION

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the Group  made  charitable  donations  of  approximately RMB1,395,000 (2021: approximately RMB285,950).

## DEBENTURE ISSUED

The Group did not issue any debenture during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2020: Nil).

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

The  consolidation  results  of  the  Group  for  the  year ended December 31, 2022 are set out on pages 152 to 238 of this annual report.

The  Board  has  resolved  not  to  recommend  payment of any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2022.

There is no arrangement that a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY

Pursuant  to  the  Articles  of  Association  and  subject  to the  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  every  Director, auditor  or  other  officer  of  the  Company  shall  be entitled  to  be  indemnified  out  of  the  assets  of  the Company  against  all  losses  or  liabilities  incurred  or sustained  by  him/her  as  a  Director,  auditor  or  other officer  of  the  Company  in  defending  any  proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which judgment is given in his favour, or in which he is acquitted.

Such  permitted  indemnity  provision  has  been  in  force for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  The  Company has taken out liability insurance to provide appropriate coverage for the Directors.

## RESERVES

The  Company  may  pay  dividends  out  of  the  share premium  account,  retained  earnings  and  any  other reserves  provided  that  immediately  following  the payment  of  such  dividends,  the  Company  will  be  in  a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

Details  of  the  movements  in  the  reserves  of  the Company  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022 are  set  out  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  changes in  equity  and  Note  26  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the Company did not have any distributable reserves.

## BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

Particulars  of  bank  loans  and  other  borrowings  of the Group as at December 31, 2022 are set out in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' in  this  annual  report  and  Note  29  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

## CONVERTIBLE BONDS

As at the date of this annual report, the Company has not issued any convertible bonds.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

Each  of  the  executive  Directors  has  entered  into  a service  contract  with  the  Company.  The  initial  term of  their  service  contracts  for  a  term  of  three  years commencing from  the  Listing  Date.  The  appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement by rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association.

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT (CONT'D)

Each of the other non-executive Directors, has signed a  letter  of  appointment  with  the  Company.  The  initial term  of  their  service  is  for  a  term  of  three  years commencing  from  the  Listing  Date  or  the  date  of  the letter of appointment (if applicable). The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement by rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association.

Each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors,  has signed a letter of appointment with the Company. The initial term of their service is for a term of three years commencing  from  the  Listing  Date  or  the  date  of  the letter of appointment (if applicable). The appointments are subject to the provisions of retirement by rotation of Directors under the Articles of Association.

None of the Directors proposed has a service contract which is  not  terminable  by  the  Group  within  one  year without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Except  as  disclosed  in  Note  19  and  Note  35  to the  consolidated  financial  statements,  none  of the  Directors  nor  any  entity  connected  with  the Directors  had  a  material  interest,  either  directly or  indirectly,  in  any  transactions,  arrangements  or contracts  of  significance  to  which  the  Company,  its holding  company,  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  or  fellow subsidiaries  was  a  party  subsisting  nor  has  entered into  any  service  agreement  or  letter  of  appointment with any member of the Group (excluding agreements expiring or determinable by any member of the Group within  one  year  without  payment  of  compensation other  than  statutory  compensation)  during  or  at  the end of the year ended December 31, 2022.

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  none  of the  Directors  or  their  respective  close  associates (as  defined  in  the  Listing  Rules)  had  any  interest  in a  business  that  competed  or  was  likely  to  compete, either  directly  or  indirectly,  with  the  business  of  the Group,  other  than  being  a  director  of  the  Company and/or its subsidiaries.

## ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the year ended December 31, 2022 was the Company or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debt securities including debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate; and none of the Directors, or any of their spouse or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe for equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate, or had exercised any such right.

## INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  an  annual  confirmation  of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers that all of the independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with the guidelines set out in the Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As at December 31, 2022, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  and  short  positions  which  he/she  was  taken  or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

## Long positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company

| Name of Director  Capacity/nature of interest  Number  of Shares  interested  (1)  Approximate  percentage  of the  Company's  issued share  capital  (2)  Dr. Yi ZHANG  Beneficial owner  (3)  9,890,440  1.46%  Trustee  (4)  33,233,560  4.91%  Interest of controlled corporation  (5)  90,685,640  13.39%  Interest held jointly with other persons  (6)  20,379,299  3.01%  Interest of spouse  (7)  1,021,500  0.15%  Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG  Beneficial owner  1,021,500  0.15%  Trustee  (4)  33,233,560  4.91%  Interest held jointly with other persons  (6)  111,064,939  16.40%  Interest of spouse  (7)  9,890,440  1.46%  Ms. Hong YE  Beneficial owner  (8)  20,379,299  3.01%  Interest of controlled corporation  (5)  90,794,640  13.40%  Interest held jointly with other persons  (6)  44,145,500  6.52%  Mr. Fei CHEN  Interest of controlled corporation  (9)  19,952,740  2.95%  Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE  Beneficial owner  (10)  153,325  0.02%  Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS  Beneficial owner  (11)  156,160  0.02%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE'S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES (CONT'D)

## Long positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company (cont'd) Notes:

- (1) All  interests  stated  are  long  position;  (P)  denotes  lending pool.
- (2) The calculation is based on the total number of 677,414,028 ordinary shares of the Company in issue as at December 31, 2022.
- (3) Dr.  ZHANG  beneficially  owns  5,232,720  Shares,  and  is also  interested  in  options  to  4,657,720  Shares  pursuant  to outstanding options granted under the Share Option Plan.
- (4) Jinnius Drive Trust, Hanlindale Trust and THE ZHANG LIVING TRUST were respectively established by Dr. ZHANG and Mrs. Ping  Ye  ZHANG  as  grantor.  Both  Dr.  ZHANG  and  Mrs.  Ping Ye  ZHANG  are  trustees  of  Jinnius  Drive  Trust,  Hanlindale Trust  and  THE  ZHANG  LIVING  TRUST.  Therefore,  under  the SFO, each of Dr. ZHANG and Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG is deemed to  be  interested  in  an  aggregate  33,233,560  Shares  held  by the three trusts, including 15,713,560 Shares held by Jinnius Drive Trust, 17,094,000 Shares held by Hanlindale Trust and 426,000 Shares held by THE ZHANG LIVING TRUST.
- (5) XinYue  International  Limited  was  owned  as  to  65%  by  Dr. ZHANG and 35% by Ms. Hong YE as of December 31, 2021. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Dr. ZHANG and Ms. Hong YE is deemed to be interested in 90,685,640 Shares held by XinYue International Limited.
- (6) Dr.  ZHANG,  Jinnius  Drive  Trust,  Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG, Hanlindale  Trust,  Ms.  Hong  YE  and  XinYue  International Limited  are  Concert  Parties  based  on  the  Concert  Party Agreement.  Therefore,  under  the  SFO,  each  of  Dr.  ZHANG, Jinnius  Drive  Trust,  Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG,  Hanlindale  Trust, Ms.  Hong  YE  and  XinYue  International  Limited  is  deemed to  be  interested  in  the  aggregate  equity  interests  of  all  the Concert Parties.
- (7) Dr. ZHANG and Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG are spouses. Therefore, Dr.  ZHANG  and  Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG  are  deemed  to  be interested  in  the  equity  interests  held  by  each  other  under the SFO.
- (8) Ms.  Hong  YE  beneficially  owns  20,379,299  Shares,  and  is also  interested  in  options  to  5,690,339  Shares  pursuant  to outstanding options granted under the Share Option Plan.
- (9) Shanghai Liyi Biotech, L.P. holds 19,952,740 Shares directly. Shanghai  Liyao  Investment  Management  Co.,  Ltd.  is 100%  owned  by  Mr.  Fei  CHEN,  and  is  the  general  partner of  Shanghai  Liyi  Investment  Management  Partnership (Limited  Partnership).  In  addition,  Shanghai  Liyi  Investment Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) is the general partner  of  Shanghai  Liyi  Biotech,  L.P..  Therefore,  under the  SFO,  each  of  Mr.  Fei  CHEN,  Shanghai  Liyao  Investment Management  Co.,  Ltd.  and  Shanghai  Liyi  Investment Management  Partnership  (Limited  Partnership)  is  deemed to  be  interested  in  19,952,740  Shares  held  by  Shanghai  Liyi Biotech, L.P..
- (10) As  at  December  31,  2022,  a  total  of  153,325  Shares  have been  granted  to  Dr.  Stephen  Newman  OESTERLE  under the  RSU  Scheme,  pursuant  to  his  service  contract  with the  Company.  Please  refer  to  the  announcement  of  the Company dated October 5, 2020 for further details.
- (11) As  at  December  31,  2022,  a  total  of  156,160  Shares  have been  granted  to  Mr.  Robert  Ralph  PARKS  under  the  RSU Scheme, pursuant to his service contract with the Company. Please  refer  to  the  announcement  of  the  Company  dated October 5, 2020 for further details.

Save  as  disclosed  above  and  to  the  best  knowledge of  the  Directors,  as  at  December  31,  2022,  none  of the  Directors  or  the  chief  executive  of  the  Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of  the  SFO)  which  were  required  to  be  notified  to  the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the  SFO  (including  interests  and short  positions  which  they  are  taken  or  deemed  to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required,  pursuant  to  section  352  of  the  SFO,  to  be entered  in  the  register  referred  to  therein  or  which were  required,  pursuant  to  the  Model  Code,  to  be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN SECURITIES

So  far  as  is  known  to  any  Director  or  chief  executive  of  the  Company,  as  at  December  31,  2022,  the  following corporations/persons (other than the Directors or the chief executive of the Company) had interests of 5% or more in  the  issued shares of the Company according to the register of interests required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

| Name  Capacity/nature of interest  Number  of Shares  interested  (1)  Approximate  percentage  of the  Company's  issued share  capital  (2)  Jinnius Drive Trust  (3)  Beneficial owner  15,713,560  2.32%  Interest held jointly with other persons  (5)  139,496,879  20.59%  Hanlindale Trust  (3)  Beneficial owner  17,094,000  2.52%  Interest held jointly with other persons  (5)  138,116,439  20.39%  XinYue International Limited  (4)  Beneficial owner  90,685,640  13.39%  Interest held jointly with other persons  (5)  64,524,799  9.53%  LAV Aero Limited  Beneficial owner  42,428,460  6.26%  LAV Biosciences Fund IV, L.P.  Interest of controlled corporation  (6)  42,428,460  6.26%  LAV GP IV, L.P.  Interest of controlled corporation  (6)  42,428,460  6.26%  LAV Corporate IV GP, Ltd.  Interest of controlled corporation  (6)  42,428,460  6.26%  Mr. Yi SHI  Interest of controlled corporation  (6)  46,845,460  6.92%  HH SUM-XXIV Holdings Limited  Beneficial owner  41,698,980  6.16%  Hillhouse Capital Management, Ltd.  Investment manager  (7)  41,698,980  6.16%  Hillhouse Fund IV, L.P.  Interest of controlled corporation  (7)  41,698,980  6.16%  Matrix Partners China IV, L.P.  Beneficial owner  36,050,780  5.32%  Matrix China Management IV, L.P.  Interest of controlled corporation  (8)  39,655,440  5.86%  Matrix China IV GP GP, Ltd.  Interest of controlled corporation  (8)  39,655,440  5.86%  FIL Limited  Interest of controlled corporation  (10)  59,677,000  8.81%  Pandanus Partners L.P.  Interest of controlled corporation  (10)  59,677,000  8.81%  Pandanus Associates Inc.  Interest of controlled corporation  (10)  59,677,000  8.81%  Brown Brothers Harriman &amp; Co.  Agent  33,821,000  4.99%  33,821,000(P)  4.99%(P)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN SECURITIES (CONT'D)

Notes:

- (1) All  interests  stated  are  long  position;  (P)  denotes  lending pool.
- (2) The calculation is based on the total number of 677,414,028 ordinary shares of the Company in issue as at December 31, 2022.
- (3) Jinnius  Drive  Trust  and  Hanlindale  Trust  were  discretionary trusts  and  respectively  established  by  Dr.  ZHANG  and  Mrs. Ping  Ye  ZHANG  as  grantor.  Both  Dr.  ZHANG  and  Mrs.  Ping Ye ZHANG are trustees of Jinnius Drive Trust and Hanlindale Trust. Therefore, under the SFO, each of Dr. ZHANG and Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG is deemed to be interested in an aggregate 32,807,560  Shares  held  by  the  two  trusts,  including 15,713,560 Shares held by Jinnius Drive Trust and 17,094,000 Shares held by Hanlindale Trust.
- (4) XinYue  International  Limited  was  owned  as  to  65%  by  Dr. ZHANG  and  35%  by  Ms.  Hong  YE.  Therefore,  under  the SFO, each of Dr. ZHANG and Ms. Hong YE is deemed to be interested in 90,685,640 Shares held by XinYue International Limited.
- (5) Dr.  ZHANG,  Jinnius  Drive  Trust,  Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG, Hanlindale  Trust,  Ms.  Hong  YE  and  XinYue  International Limited  are  Concert  Parties  based  on  the  Concert  Party Agreement.  Therefore,  under  the  SFO,  each  of  Dr.  ZHANG, Jinnius  Drive  Trust,  Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG,  Hanlindale  Trust, Ms.  Hong  YE  and  XinYue  International  Limited  is  deemed to  be  interested  in  the  aggregate  equity  interests  of  all  the Concert Parties.
- (6) To the best of the Directors' knowledge, LAV Aero Limited is wholly-owned  by  LAV  Biosciences  Fund  IV,  L.P.,  a  Cayman exempted  limited  partnership  fund.  The  general  partner of  LAV  Biosciences  Fund  IV,  L.P.  is  LAV  GP  IV,  L.P.,  whose general  partner  is  LAV  Corporate  IV  GP,  Ltd.,  a  Cayman company  owned  by  Mr.  Yi  SHI.  Therefore,  under  the  SFO, each  of  LAV  Biosciences  Fund  IV,  L.P.,  LAV  GP  IV,  L.P., LAV  Corporate  IV  GP,  Ltd.  and  Mr.  Yi  SHI  is  deemed  to  be interested in 42,428,460 Shares held by LAV Aero Limited.

In  addition,  to  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  upon completion  of  the  Global  Offering  and  taking  into  account the  2,523,000  Shares  to  be  subscribed  for  by  LAV  Aero Limited  at  the  Offer  Price  of  HK$15.36  pursuant  to  the cornerstone  investment  agreement  as  further  described under  the  section  headed  'Cornerstone  Placing'  in  the Prospectus,  LAV,  which  collectively  refers  to  LAV  Aero Limited and Shanghai Liyi Biotech, L.P., controls the exercise of  9.86%  of  the  voting  power  at  the  general  meeting  of the  Company.  Shanghai  Liyi  Biotech,  L.P.  holds  19,952,740 Shares directly.

- (7) To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  Hillhouse  Capital Management,  Ltd.  owns  HH  SUM-XXIV  Holdings  Limited. Therefore,  under  the  SFO,  Hillhouse  Capital  Management, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in 41,698,980 Shares held by HH SUM-XXIV Holdings Limited.
- (8) To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  Matrix  China Management  IV,  L.P.  is  the  general  partner  of  Matrix Partners China IV, L.P. and Matrix Partners China IV-A, L.P., both are the beneficial owners of the Company. The general partner of Matrix China Management IV, L.P. is Matrix China IV  GP  GP,  Ltd..  Therefore,  under  the  SFO,  each  of  Matrix China Management IV, L.P. and Matrix China IV GP GP, Ltd. is deemed to be interested in an aggregate 39,655,440 Shares held by the two companies, including 36,050,780 Shares held by Matrix Partners China IV, L.P. and 3,604,660 Shares held by Matrix Partners China IV-A, L.P..
- (9) To  the  best  of  the  Directors'  knowledge,  both  MGR International Limited and Flexmed International (HK) Limited are wholly-owned by Ms. Jin ZHU. Therefore, under the SFO, Ms.  Jin  ZHU  is  deemed  to  be  interested  in  an  aggregate 36,041,380  Shares  held  by  the  two  companies,  including 19,641,380  Shares  held  by  MGR  International  Limited  and 16,400,000  Shares  held  by  Flexmed  International  (HK) Limited.
- (10) FIL  Limited  directly  owns  4,000  Shares.  In  addition,  FIL Limited  through  its  directly  or  indirectly  wholly-owned subsidiaries,  namely  FIL  Investment  Management  (Hong Kong)  Limited,  FIL  Investment  Management  (Singapore) Limited,  FIL  Investment  Advisors,  FIL  Investment  Services (UK)  Limited  and  FIL  Fund  Management  (Ireland)  Limited, holds 46,912,000 Shares indirectly.

Pandanus  Partners,  L.P.  is  wholly-owned  by  Pandanus Associates  Inc.,  and  Pandanus  Partners,  L.P.  also  owns 37.01%  equity  interest  in  FIL  Limited.  Therefore,  under the  SFO,  each  of  Pandanus  Partners,  L.P.  and  Pandanus Associates Inc. is interested in the 46,916,000 Shares held by FIL Limited directly and indirectly.

Save  as  disclosed  above  and  to  the  best  knowledge of  the  Directors,  as  at  December  31,  2022,  no  person (other  than  the  Directors  or  chief  executives  of  the Company) had registered an interest or a short position in  the  Shares  or  underlying  Shares  of  the  Company as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO.

## Report of Directors

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

## 1. Share Option Plan

The Company has approved and adopted a Share Option  Plan  on  December  27,  2019,  a  summary of  the  principal  terms  of  which  are  set  out  in the  section  headed  'D.  Share  Incentive  Schemes -  1.  Share  Option  Plan'  in  Appendix  IV  to  the Prospectus.

## (a) Purpose and Principal Terms

The  purpose  of  the  Share  Option  Plan  is  to enable the Group to grant options or awards to  qualified  persons  (as  determined  by  the sole  opinion  of  the  Board)  including  any director,  employee,  adviser  and  consultant of  the  Company  or  any  of  its  associated companies  as  incentives,  attraction, motivation  or  rewards  by  reason  of  their contribution  or  potential  contribution  to the  Company  and/or  any  of  our  associated companies.  The  principal  terms  of  the  Share Option Plan are as follows:

- 1) Subject  to  any  alterations  set  out  under the  Share  Option  Plan  in  the  event  of any  capitalization  issue,  rights  issue, open  offer,  sub-division,  consolidation of  shares,  or  reduction  of  capital  of the  Company  that  may  take  place  after the  Listing,  the  maximum  number  of Shares  in  respect  of  which  options or  awards  may  be  granted  under  the Share  Option  Plan  shall  be  2,911,989 Shares  (or  58,239,780  as  adjusted  after Capitalization  Issue),  representing approximately  12.7%  of  the  total issued  share  capital  of  the  Company immediately  before  completion  of  the Global Offering.
- 2) An option shall be deemed to have been granted  and  accepted  by  the  grantee and  to  have  taken  effect  when  a  copy of the Grant Letter has been duly signed by  the  grantee,  and  a  non-refundable payment  of  HK$0.10  or  its  RMB equivalent  has  been  made  in  favour  of the  Company  by  way  of  consideration for  the  grant  and  is  received  by  the Company  on  or  before  the  relevant acceptance date.
- 3) No  option  or  award  under  the  Share Option  Plan  will  be  granted  after  the Listing  Date,  although  provisions  of the  Share  Option  Plan  will  in  all  other respects  remain  in  full  force  and  effect to  the  extent  necessary  to  give  effect to  the  exercise  of  any  options  granted pursuant  to  the  Share  Option  Plan (' Option ')  on  or  prior  to  the  Listing Date  or  otherwise  as  may  be  required in accordance with the provisions of the Share  Option  Plan  and  Options  granted prior  thereto  but  not  yet  exercised  shall continue  to  be  valid  and  exercisable  in accordance with this Scheme.
- 4) A  grantee  may  subscribe  for  the  Shares on  the  exercise  of  an  Option  at  the price  approved  by  the  Board  in  its absolute  discretion  with  reference  to factors  which  may  include  business performance  and  value  of  the  Company and  individual  performance  of  the relevant  grantee,  and  in  any  case,  shall not  be  less  than  the  par  value  of  the Shares.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 1. Share Option Plan (cont'd)

- (a) Purpose and Principal Terms (cont'd)
- 5) An  Option  is  personal  to  the  grantee and  is  not  assignable  and  no  grantee  is permitted  in  any  way  to  sell,  transfer, charge,  mortgage,  encumber  or  create any interest (legal or beneficial) in favour of  any  third  party  over  or  in  relation  to any Option or attempt to do so (with the exception  that  the  grantee  may  transfer the  Options  to  a  trust  in  which  he/she is  a  beneficiary  thereof  or  the  grantee may  nominate  a  nominee  in  whose name the Shares issued pursuant to the Share  Option  Plan  may  be  registered). Any breach of the foregoing shall entitle the  Company  to  cancel  any  outstanding Options  or  any  part  thereof  granted  to such Grantee without compensation.
- 6) The  Shares  to  be  allotted  upon  the exercise  of  an  Option  is  subject  to the  constitutional  documents  of  the Company  for  the  time  being  in  force and, once issued, ranks pari passu in all respects  with  and  has  the  same  voting, dividend,  transfer  and  other  rights, including  those  arising  on  liquidation of  the  Company  as  attached  to  the fully-paid  Shares  in  issue  on  the  date  of issue.
- 7) Each  grantee  to  whom  a  share  award has been granted shall be entitled to the Shares  they  are  awarded  in  accordance with the terms (including any restrictions and  vesting  requirement  that  may  be imposed)  of  the  Share  Option  Plan  and the  Grant  Letter.  However,  in  any  case, a  grantee is not entitled to exercise any Option until the Listing Date.
- 8) The  maximum  number  of  Shares  issued and  to  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  the share options granted and to be granted pursuant  to  the  Share  Option  Scheme and any other share option scheme(s) of the  Company  to  each  participant  in  any 12-month period up to and including the date  of  grant  of  the  options  must  not exceed 1% of the total number of Shares in  issue.  Any  further  grant  of  options which would result in the number of the Shares  issued  as  aforesaid  exceeding the  said  1%  limit  must  be  approved  by the  Shareholders  in  general  meeting  at which  such  participant  and  his  or  her associates must abstain from voting.
- 9) I n t e r m s   of  r i g h t s   on  death  or termination of employment:
- (i) I f   the  grantee  ceases  to  be  an eligible  participant  of  the  Share Option  Plan  as  a  result  of  death, i l l - h e a l t h , i n j u r y   or  disability (including  permanent  disability), provided  that  the  grantee's relationship with the Group had not been  otherwise  terminated  by  the occurrence  of  events  which  would have  caused  his  Option(s)  to  lapse (as  defined  in  the  Share  Option Plan),  the  grantee  or  his  personal representatives is entitled within 12 months  from  the  date  of  cessation of  being  an  eligible  participant or  death  to  exercise  his  Option in  full  (to  the  extent  not  already exercised);

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 1. Share Option Plan (cont'd)

## (a) Purpose and Principal Terms (cont'd)

- (ii) I f   t h e   grantee  ceases  to  be an  eligible  participant  of  the Share  Option  Plan  as  a  result  of termination  of  his  relationship  with the Group due to the occurrence of events  which  would  have  caused his  Option(s)  to  lapse  (as  defined i n  the  Share  Option  Plan),  the grantee's  Options  will  terminate  on the  date  of  such  cessation  without compensation,  regardless  of whether the Options are exercisable or not;
- (iii) I f   t h e  grantee's  ceases  to  be an  eligible  participant  of  the Share  Option  Plan  as  a  result  of termination  of  his  relationship  with the  Group  for  any  reason  other than those referred to in (a) and (b) above,  the  grantee  may  exercise his  Option  up  to  his  entitlement  at the  date  of  cessation  of  being  an eligible  participant  (to  the  extent not  already  exercised)  within  60 days  following  the  date  of  such cessation.
- 10) The Board may, at any time, alter in any respect  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the Share Option Plan and the regulations for the  Share  Option  Plan's  administration and  operation,  provided  that  such alteration  does  not  adversely  affect  the terms  of  issue  of  any  Option  granted or  agreed  to  be  granted  prior  to  such alteration or to reduce the proportion of the  equity  capital  to  which  any  person was  entitled  pursuant  to  such  Option prior  to  such  alteration  except  with  the Grantee's  written  consent  or  by  special resolution  passed  at  a  meeting  of  the grantees.
- 11) The  Company  by  ordinary  resolution  of the  Board  may  at  any  time  resolve  to terminate  the  operation  of  the  Share Option  Plan  and  in  such  event  no further  Options  shall  be  offered  but  the provisions of the Share Option Plan shall remain  in  force  to  the  extent  necessary to  give  effect  to  the  exercise  of  any Option  granted  prior  to  the  termination or  otherwise  as  may  be  required  in accordance  with  the  provisions  of the  Share  Option  Plan  and  Options granted  prior  to  such  termination  shall continue  to  be  valid  and  exercisable  in accordance with this Scheme.

## (b) Establishment of Employee Trust

On December 31, 2019, the Company entered into a trust deed with Trident Trust Company (HK)  Limited  (the  ' Trustee '),  pursuant  to which  the  Trustee  has  agreed  to  act  as  the trustee  to  administer  the  Share  Option  Plan and to hold the Shares underlying the options granted under the Share Option Plan.

To  the  extent  permitted  under  the  Scheme and  applicable  law  and  regulations,  the Trustee  shall  follow  the  instruction  of  Dr. ZHANG  in  respect  of  the  exercise  of  voting rights  (if  any)  and  powers  in  relation  to the  Shares  underlying  the  Options  until the  Shares  underlying  the  Options  have been  transferred  outside  of  the  Trust  to the  relevant  Grantee(s)  or  their  designated nominee(s).

The  trust  deed  will  terminate  automatically upon  the  expiry  of  the  trust  period  as stipulated in the Trust Deed provided that the Trustee has received all fees, costs, expenses and  other  amounts  payable  to  it  under  or  in connection with the terms of this Deed.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 1. Share Option Plan (cont'd)

## (c) Outstanding Grants

No option or award under the Share Option Plan has been granted after the Listing Date. As of December 31,  2022,  outstanding  options  to  subscribe  for  an  aggregate  of  35,228,661  Shares  have  been  granted to a total of 130 eligible participants by the Company under the Share Option Plan. The total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Option Plan as of the date of this annual report is 35,228,661, which represents 5.20% of the issued Shares as of the date of this annual report. The Share Option Plan will expire on December 26, 2029, and the remaining life of the Share Option Plan is approximately 6.8 years as at the date of this annual report.

A  summary  of  the  grantees  who  have  been  granted  options  under  the  Share  Option  Plan  is  set  forth below:

| Number of Shares under outstanding options granted  Weighted  average  closing price  of Shares  immediately  before the  options were  exercised  (HK$)  Grantee  Position/Relationship  As at  January 1,  2022  Granted  during the  year  Exercised  during the  year  Lapsed  during the  year  As at  December  31,  2022  Note(s)  Directors  Dr. Yi ZHANG  Executive Director;  Chairman; Chief  Executive Officer  4,657,720  0  0  0  4,657,720  -  1, 2, 3, 4, 5  Hong YE  Executive Director;  Board Secretary  5,690,339  0  0  0  5,690,339  -  6, 7, 8, 16  Chief Management  Leo TSAI  Chief Financial Officer  7,944,340  0  0  0  7,944,340  -  7, 9, 10  Kongrong Karl PAN  Chief Operating Officer  2,225,000  0  0  0  2,225,000  -  11  Jian Fong TAN  Chief Technology Officer  9,626,820  0  5,159,280  0  4,467,540  11.48  7, 12  Other Grantees  Other option holders  including former and  current employees and  consultants of the Group  Not applicable  12,824,350  0  919,844  1,660,784  10,243,722  6.68  13, 14, 15, 16,  17, 18, 19, 20,  21, 22, 23, 24,  25, 26  42,968,569  0  6,079,124  1,660,784  35,228,661   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Directors

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 1. Share Option Plan (cont'd)

## (c) Outstanding Grants (cont'd) Notes:

1. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  July  5, 2017  and  on  July  31,  2017  and  exercisable  at an  exercise  price  of  US$0.25  (equivalent  to approximately HK$1.94), and US$0.65 (equivalent to approximately HK$5.06), respectively.
2. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  July  5, 2017  and  on  July  31,  2017  and  exercisable when  a  qualified  initial  public  offering  (' IPO ') is  achieved  (which  this  Offering  qualifies  for) at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.25  (equivalent  to approximately HK$1.94), and US$0.65 (equivalent to approximately HK$5.06), respectively.
3. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  July  5, 2017 and on July 31, 2017 and exercisable when certain  product  candidate  obtains  relevant regulatory  approvals  and  has  commenced  sales for  one  year  at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.25 (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$1.94),  and US$0.65  (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$5.06), respectively.
4. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  July  5, 2017 and on July 31, 2017 and exercisable when certain  product  candidate  obtains  relevant regulatory  approvals  at  an  exercise  price  of US$0.25  (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$1.94), and  US$0.65  (equivalent  to  approximately HK$5.06), respectively.
5. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  July  5, 2017  and  on  July  31,  2017  and  exercisable when  certain  product  candidates  commence their  corresponding  clinical  trials  at  an  exercise price  of  US$0.25  (equivalent  to  approximately HK$1.94),  and  US$0.65  (equivalent  to approximately HK$5.06), respectively.
6. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  August 24,  2011  and  exercisable  when  a  qualified IPO  is  achieved  (which  this  IPO  qualifies  for) at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.03  (equivalent  to approximately HK$0.23).
7. With  vesting  commencement  date  on December  31,  2019  and  in  accordance  with a  vesting  schedule,  the  Shares  subject  to  the corresponding  options  will  be  vested  in  equal proportions  in  yearly  intervals,  but  in  any event  not  later  than  the  fourth  anniversary of  the  vesting  commencement  date,  and exercisable  upon  the  satisfaction  of  certain performance  conditions  as  determined  by  the Board  at  its  discretion,  at  an  exercise  price of,  where  applicable,  US$0.25  (equivalent  to approximately  HK$1.94),  US$0.39  (equivalent  to approximately  HK$3.04),  or  US$0.55  (equivalent to approximately HK$4.27), respectively.
8. With vesting commencement date on December 27,  2019  and  exercisable  when  a  qualified IPO  is  achieved  (which  this  IPO  qualifies  for), at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.73  (equivalent  to approximately HK$5.69).
9. With vesting commencement date on December 27,  2019  and  exercisable  when  a  qualified  IPO is  achieved  (which  this  Offering  qualifies  for),  at an  exercise  price  of,  where  applicable,  US$0.25 ( e quivalent  to  approximately  HK$1.94),  or US$0.65  (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$5.06), respectively.
10. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  April  7, 2020 and in accordance with a vesting schedule, 9.09% of the Shares subject to the corresponding options  will  be  vested  on  the  vesting commencement  date,  18.18%  of  the  Shares  on the  first  anniversary,  27.27%  of  the  Shares  on the second anniversary, and 45.45% on the third anniversary,  and  are  exercisable  at  an  exercise price  of  US$0.65  (equivalent  to  approximately HK$5.06).
11. With vesting commencement date on January 1, 2017  and  exercisable  immediately  and  in  yearly intervals, in equal proportions on the last day of each  calendar  year,  when  certain  long  service condition is satisfied, but in any event before the fifth  anniversary  of  the  vesting  commencement date, at an exercise price of US$0.25 (equivalent to approximately HK$1.94).

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 1. Share Option Plan (cont'd)

## (c) Outstanding Grants (cont'd)

Notes: (cont'd)

12. With  vesting  commencement  date  on  August 31,  2020  and  in  accordance  with  a  vesting schedule,  20%  of  the  Shares  subject  to  the corresponding  options  will  be  vested  on  the vesting commencement date, 50% of the Shares on  the  first  anniversary,  and  30%  of  the  Shares on the second anniversary, and each exercisable when certain  long  service  condition  is  satisfied, at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.65  (equivalent  to approximately HK$5.06).
13. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement date on December 31, 2020 and in  accordance  with  a  vesting  schedule,  50%  of the Shares subject to the corresponding options will  be  vested  on  the  vesting  commencement date and the remainder on the first anniversary, and  each  exercisable  upon  the  satisfaction  of certain performance conditions as determined by the Board at its discretion, at an exercise price of US$0.03 (equivalent to approximately HK$0.23).
14. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  September  1,  2016 and  exercisable  in  yearly  intervals,  in  equal proportions, when certain performance condition is  satisfied,  but  in  any  event  not  later  than  the fourth anniversary of the vesting commencement date, at an exercise price of US$0.03 (equivalent to approximately HK$0.23).
15. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  June  30,  2021  and  in accordance with a vesting schedule, 20% of the Shares  subject  to  the  corresponding  options will  be  vested  on  the  vesting  commencement date, 20% of the Shares on the first anniversary, 20%  of  the  Shares  on  the  second  anniversary, and 40% of the Shares on the third anniversary, and  each  exercisable  when  certain  long  service condition  is  satisfied,  at  an  exercise  price of,  where  applicable,  US$0.25  (equivalent  to approximately  HK$1.94),  or  US$0.39  (equivalent to approximately HK$3.04), respectively.
16. With vesting commencement date on August 18, 2020 and in accordance with a vesting schedule for  the  eligible  participants,  20%  of  the  Shares subject  to  the  corresponding  options  will  be vested  on  the  vesting  commencement  date, 50%  of  the  Shares  on  the  second  anniversary, and 30% of the Shares on the third anniversary, and  are  exercisable  at  an  exercise  price  of, where  applicable,  US$0.25  (equivalent  to approximately  HK$1.94),  or  US$0.39  (equivalent to approximately HK$3.04), respectively.
17. For  47  eligible  participants,  with  vesting commencement  dates  falling  on  either  the December 31 of 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, or 2023 and  in  accordance  with  a  vesting  schedule  for each  of  the  eligible  participants,  the  Shares subject  to  the  corresponding  options  will  be vested  at  annual  intervals,  but  in  any  case  not later  than  the  fourth  anniversary  of  the  vesting commencement  date,  upon  the  satisfaction  of certain  performance  conditions  as  determined by the Board at its discretion, and exercisable at an  exercise  price  of,  where  applicable,  US$0.03 ( e quivalent  to  approximately  HK$0.23),  or US$0.39  (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$3.04), respectively.
18. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  January  1,  2015  and exercisable when certain sales target is satisfied as  determined  by  the  Board  at  its  discretion, at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.03  (equivalent  to approximately HK$0.23).
19. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement date on December 31, 2020, the Shares subject to the corresponding options will be  vested  on  the  vesting  commencement  date, and  exercisable  upon  the  satisfaction  of  certain performance  conditions  as  determined  by  the Board  at  its  discretion,  at  an  exercise  price  of US$0.03 (equivalent to approximately HK$0.23).
20. For  one  eligible  participants,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  April  30,  2010  and  on October  25,  2018  and  exercisable  12  months after  a  qualified  IPO  is  achieved  (which  this Offering  qualifies  for),  at  an  exercise  price  of US$0.029 (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$0.23), and  US$0.18  (equivalent  to  approximately HK$1.38), respectively.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 1. Share Option Plan (cont'd)

- (c) Outstanding Grants (cont'd) Notes: (cont'd)
21. For  two  eligible  participants,  with  vesting commencement date  on  February  28,  2018  and exercisable  if  certain  employment  condition is  satisfied,  at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.03 (equivalent to approximately HK$0.23).
22. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement date on December 31, 2020 and exercisable  when  certain  product  candidates obtain  registration  certificates  and  production permits,  at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.39 (equivalent  to  approximately  HK$3.03);  with vesting  commencement  date  on  December  31, 2021,  the  Shares  subject  to  the  corresponding options  will  be  vested  on  the  vesting commencement date, and exercisable  upon  the satisfaction  of  certain  performance  conditions as  determined  by  the  Board  at  its  discretion, at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.39  (equivalent  to approximately HK$3.03).
23. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement date on December 31, 2019 and exercisable when certain sales target is satisfied as  determined  by  the  Board  at  its  discretion, at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.39  (equivalent  to approximately HK$3.04).
24. For  11  eligible  participants,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  December  31,  2021 and  in  accordance  with  their  respective vesting  schedules,  the  Shares  subject  to  the corresponding  options  will  be  vested  in  equal proportions  at  annual  intervals,  upon  the satisfaction of certain performance conditions as determined by the Board at its discretion, but in any  event  not  later  than  the  fourth  anniversary of  the  vesting  commencement  date,  and  are exercisable  at  an  exercise  price  of  US$0.39 (equivalent to approximately HK$3.04).
25. For  one  eligible  participant,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  July  31,  2019,  and exercisable  when  certain  product  candidate successfully  completes  a  clinical  trial,  at an  exercise  price  of  US$0.65  (equivalent  to approximately HK$5.06).
26. For  13  eligible  participants,  with  vesting commencement  date  on  December  27,  2019 and exercisable when a qualified IPO is achieved (which this Offering qualifies for),  at  an  exercise price  of  US$0.73  (equivalent  to  approximately HK$5.69).
27. The  exercise  price  has  been  adjusted  to  give effect to the Capitalization Issue and rounded to two decimal places.

Please  refer  to  Note  27  to  the  consolidated financial statements for further details.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  no  other  options have been granted or agreed to be granted by our Company under the Share Option Plan.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme

The  Company  has  conditionally  approved  and adopted  an  RSU  scheme  on  April  28,  2020.  The principal terms of which are set out in the section headed  'D.  Share  Incentive  Schemes  -  2.  RSU Scheme' in Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

## (a) Term

Subject  to  the  termination  provision  of  the RSU  Scheme,  it  shall  be  valid  and  effective for  a  period  of  10  years  commencing  on  the Listing  Date.  As  such,  the  remaining  life  of the RSU Scheme is approximately seven years as  of  the  date  of  this  annual  report.  Upon the  expiry  of  the  RSU  Scheme,  no  further Awards  (as  defined  below)  will  be  granted, but  the  provisions  of  the  RSU  Scheme  shall in  all  other  respects  remain  in  full  force  and effect and Awards that are granted during the Term of the RSU Scheme may continue to be exercisable in accordance with their terms of issue.

The  Company  by  ordinary  resolution  in general  meeting  or  the  Board  may  at  any time  terminate  the  operation  of  the  RSU Scheme and in such event no further Awards will  be  granted  but  in  all  other  respects  the provisions of the RSU Scheme shall remain in full  force  and  effect  in  respect  of  RSU  which are granted during the life of the RSU Scheme and which remain unvested immediately prior to  the  termination  of  the  operation  of  the scheme.

## (b) Purpose

The  purpose  of  the  RSU  Scheme  is  to incentivize  eligible  participants  in  the  RSU Scheme  for  their  contribution  to  the  Group, to  attract,  motivate  and  retain  skilled  and experienced personnel to strive for the future development and expansion of the Group by providing  them  with  the  opportunity  to  own equity interests in the Company.

## (c) Who may join

The  Directors  may,  at  their  absolute discretion, invite any person belonging to any of  the  following  categories  of  participants, who  the  Board  considers,  in  its  sole discretion, have contributed or will contribute to  the  Group,  to  take  up  the  Awards  (as defined below):

- (i) the  employees  or  officers  (including e x e c u t i v e , n o n - e x e c u t i v e a n d independent non-executive Directors);
- (ii) any  person  or  entity  that  provides research,  development,  consultancy and  other  technical  or  operational  or administrative support to the Group; and
- (iii) any  other  persons  who,  in  the  sole opinion  of  the  Board,  have  contributed or will contribute to the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

## (d) Awards

An  award  pursuant  to  the  RSU  Scheme (an  ' Award(s) ')  gives  a  RSU  Participant  a conditional right when the relevant restricted share unit (an ' RSU(s) ') vests to obtain either Shares  or  an  equivalent  value  in  cash  with reference  to  the  market  value  of  the  Shares on or about the date of exercise of the RSU, less  any  tax,  stamp  duty  and  other  charges applicable, as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion. Each RSU represents one underlying Share.

## (e) Grant and Acceptance of Awards

On  and  subject  to  the  terms  of  the  RSU Scheme  and  the  terms  and  conditions  that the  Board  imposes  pursuant  thereto,  the Board  shall  be  entitled  at  any  time  during the  life  of  the  RSU  Scheme  to  make  a  grant to  any  RSU  Participant,  as  the  Board  may  in its  absolute  discretion  determine.  For  the avoidance  of  doubt,  'grant'  used  in  this 'Report  of  Directors  -  Shares  Incentive Schemes - 2. RSU Scheme' section has the meaning as defined under Chapter 17 of the Listing  Rules,  and  such  meaning  only  applies to this section of this Annual Report.

Awards  may  be  granted  on  such  terms  and conditions  (e.g.  by  linking  the  vesting  of their  RSU  to  the  attainment  or  performance of  milestones  by  any  member  of  the Group,  the  grantee  or  any  group  of  RSU Participants)  as  the  Board  may  determine, provided  such  terms  and  conditions  shall not be inconsistent with any other terms and conditions of the RSU Scheme.

A  grant  shall  be  made  to  a  RSU  Participant in  such  form  as  the  Board  may  from  time to  time  determine  (the  ' Notice  of  Grant ') and such grant shall be subject to the terms as  specified  in  the  RSU  Scheme.  The  RSU Participant shall undertake to hold the Award on  the  terms  on  which  it  is  granted  and  be bound by the provisions of the RSU Scheme. Such Award shall remain open for acceptance by  the  RSU  Participant  to  whom  a  grant  is made  for  a  period  to  be  determined  by  the Board,  provided  that  no  such  grant  shall  be open  for  acceptance  after  May  15,  2030  or after the RSU Scheme has been terminated in accordance with the provisions hereof. To the extent that the Award is not accepted within the period determined by the Board, it will be deemed  to  have  been  irrevocably  declined and shall immediately lapse.

If  the  RSU  Participant  accepts  the  offer  of grant  of  RSU(s)  by  signing  the  Notice  of Grant,  he  is  required  to  sign  an  acceptance notice  and  return  it  to  the  Company  within t he  period  specified  and  in  a  manner prescribed  in  the  Notice  of  Grant.  Upon  the receipt  from  the  RSU  Participant  of  a  duly executed  acceptance  notice,  the  RSU(s)  is deemed  granted  to  such  RSU  Participant from  the  date  of  the  Notice  of  Grant,  and the  RSU  Participant  becomes  a  grantee  (the ' Grantee ') in the RSU Scheme.

## (f) Vesting

The  Board  has  the  sole  discretion  to determine  the  vesting  criteria,  conditions and the time for any grant of Award(s) to any Grantee  (including,  if  applicable,  a  purpose price  of  shares  awarded),  which  may  also be adjusted and re-determined by the Board from  time  to  time.  If  the  vesting  conditions are  not  satisfied  or  waived  by  the  Board, the  RSU  shall  be  cancelled  automatically  on the  date  on  which  such  conditions  are  not satisfied,  as  determined  by  the  Board  in  its absolute  discretion.  The  Grantee  may  obtain either  Shares  or  an  equivalent  value  in  cash when the Award vests.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

## (g) Restriction on Grant of Awards

The  Board  may  not  grant  any  Awards  where (a) the requisite approvals for that grant from any  applicable  regulatory  authorities  have not  been  obtained;  (b)  the  securities  laws  or regulations require that a prospectus or other offering  documents  be  issued  in  respect  of the  grant  of  the  Awards  or  in  respect  the RSU  Scheme,  unless  the  Board  determines otherwise;  (c)  where  granting  the  Award would  result  in  a  breach  by  the  Company, its  subsidiaries  or  any  of  the  directors  of any  applicable  securities  laws,  rules  or regulations;  or  where  such  grant  of  Award would  result  in  a  breach  of  the  limits  of  the RSU Scheme.

Any  Awards  granted  under  the  RSU  Scheme and  any  other  share  scheme  (as  defined under  the  Listing  Rules)  to  a  specific participant (excluding any options and awards lapsed in accordance with the terms of such scheme)  in  a  12  month  period  up  to  and including  the  date  of  an  Award  shall  not exceed 1% of the total issued Share capital of the Company unless such Award is approved by the shareholders of the Company (with the Participant  and  his/her  close  associates  (or associates  if  the  participant  is  a  connected person) abstaining from voting).

Further,  no  grant  shall  be  made  to,  nor  shall any  grant  be  capable  of  acceptance  by,  any RSU  Participant  at  a  time  when  the  RSU Participant would or might be prohibited from dealing in the Shares by any applicable rules, regulations  or  laws.  In  particular,  where  any Award is proposed to be granted to a director of any members of the Group, it shall not be granted  on  any  day  on  which  the  financial results  of  the  Company  are  published  and during the period of:

- (i) 60  days  immediately  preceding  the publication  date  of  the  annual  results or,  if  shorter,  the  period  from  the  end of  the  relevant  financial  year  up  to  the publication date of the results; and
- (ii) 30  days  immediately  preceding  the publication  date  of  the  quarterly  results ( i f   any)  and  half-year  results  or,  if shorter,  the  period  from  the  end  of  the relevant quarterly or half-year period up to the publication date of the results.

Any  grant  of  an  Award  to  any  connected person  (as  defined  in  the  Listing  Rules), or  any  of  their  respective  associates  (as defined in the Listing Rules), shall be subject to  the  prior  approval  of  the  independent non-executive  directors  (excluding  the independent  non-executive  director  who is  the  proposed  Grantee  of  the  Awards  in question)  and  shall  otherwise  be  subject  to compliance  with  the  requirements  of  the Listing  Rules.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing, any grant of an Award to a director pursuant to  Rule  14A.73(6)  of  the  Listing  Rules  will  be exempted  from  reporting,  announcement and  independent  Shareholders'  approval requirements  if  the  Award  forms  part  of  the relevant  director's  remuneration  under  his/ her service contract.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

## (h) General and Maximum Limit

The  maximum  number  of  Shares  which  may  be  granted  under  the  RSU  Scheme  is  6,100,420, representing  approximately  0.90%  of  the  number  of  issued  Shares  capital  of  the  Company  as  of December  31,  2022.  All  of  the  Shares  were  held  by  Trident  Trust  Company  (HK)  Limited,  a  trust established for the administration of the RSU Scheme. No new Shares may be allotted pursuant to the RSU Scheme.

The  voting  rights  attached  to  the  Shares  underlying  the  Award  shall  at  all  times  be  exercised  by  the enforcer or adviser of Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited in accordance with the terms of the relevant trust deed, provided that in accordance with the Listing Rules, the trustee of Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited holding unvested Shares shall abstain from voting on matters that require shareholders' approval under  the  Listing  Rules,  unless  otherwise  required  by  law  to  vote  in  accordance  with  the  beneficial owner's direction and such a direction is given.

In 2022, the summary of the Awards granted to Directors and service providers under the RSU Scheme as of December 31, 2022 are as follows:

| Participant  Date of grant  Number of  RSU granted  Vesting  period  Closing price  of Shares  immediately  before the  date of grant  (HK$)  Value of  award as at  the date of  grant  (7)  Number of RSUs  Weighted  average  closing price  of Shares  immediately  before the  RSUs were  vested  (HK$)  As of  January 1,  2022  Vested  during the  Reporting  Period  Cancelled  or Lapsed  during the  Reporting  Period  (4)  Granted but  not vested  balance as  at December  31, 2022  Directors  Robert Ralph PARKS  October 30, 2020  2,835  (1)  24.65  US$12,842  1,134  567  -  567  7.34  September 30, 2020  7,056  (1)  26.85  US$25,000  2,822  1,411  -  1,411  December 31, 2020  6,871  (1)  28.35  US$25,000  2,748  1,374  -  1,374  March 31, 2021  7,828  (1)  24.7  US$25,000  4,697  1,565  -  3,132  June 30, 2021  5,359  (1)  35.9  US$25,000  3,215  1,071  -  2,144  September 30, 2021  9,129  (1)  20.05  US$25,000  5,478  1,826  -  3,652  December 31, 2021  14,586  (1)  12.54  US$25,000  8,751  2,917  -  5,834  April 1, 2022  25,709  (1)  7.1  US$25,000  25,709  10,283  -  15,426  June 30, 2022  25,012  (1)  7.69  US$25,000  25,012  10,006  -  15,006  September 30, 2022  31,755  (1)  5.85  US$25,000  31,755  12,702  -  19,053  December 31, 2022  20,020  (1)  9.56  US$25,000  20,020  8,008  -  12,012  Stephen Newman  OESTERLE  September 30, 2020  7,056  (1)  26.85  US$25,000  2,822  1,411  -  1,411  7.34  June 30, 2020  2,835  (3)  35.8  US$12,842  -  -  -  -  December 31, 2020  6,871  (1)  28.35  US$25,000  2,748  1,374  -  1,374  March 31, 2021  7,828  (1)  24.7  US$25,000  4,697  1,565  -  3,132  June 30, 2021  5,359  (1)  35.9  US$25,000  3,215  1,071  -  2,144  September 30, 2021  9,129  (1)  20.05  US$25,000  5,478  1,826  -  3,652  December 31, 2021  14,589  (1)  12.54  US$25,000  8,751  2,917  -  5,834  April 1, 2022  25,709  (1)  7.1  US$25,000  25,709  10,283  -  15,426  June 30, 2022  25,012  (1)  7.69  US$25,000  25,012  10,006  -  15,006  September 30, 2022  31,755  (1)  5.85  US$25,000  31,755  12,702  -  19,053  December 31, 2022  20,020  (1)  9.56  US$25,000  20,020  8,008  -  12,012   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

(h) General and Maximum Limit (CONT'D)

| Participant  Date of grant  Number of  RSU granted  Vesting  period  Closing price  of Shares  immediately  before the  date of grant  (HK$)  Value of  award as at  the date of  grant  (7)  Number of RSUs  Weighted  average  closing price  of Shares  immediately  before the  RSUs were  vested  (HK$)  As of  January 1,  2022  Vested  during the  Reporting  Period  Cancelled  or Lapsed  during the  Reporting  Period  (4)  Granted but  not vested  balance as  at December  31, 2022  Service Providers  (5)(8)  June 1, 2020  10,844  (2)  25.35  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  7.25  September 1, 2020  10,693  (2)  25.8  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  December 1, 2020  14,067  (2)  20.6  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  March 1, 2021  11,766  (2)  23.8  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  June 1, 2021  10,034  (2)  28.95  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  September 1, 2021  12,802  (2)  22.85  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  October 14, 2021  50,000  (2)  20.6  US$131,213  -  -  -  -  December 1, 2021  16,228  (2)  16.78  US$37,500  -  -  -  -  March 1, 2022  22,593  (2)  12.3  US$37,500  -  22,593  -  -  May 31, 2022  43,283  (2)  6.48  US$37,500  -  43,283  -  -  August 31, 2022  46,721  (2)  6.25  US$37,500  -  46,721  -  -  December 1, 2022  49,186  (2)  7.73  US$50,000  -  49,186  -  -  September 21, 2020  60,133  (9)  (10)  28.6  RMB1,500,000  140,520  (6)  55,205  -  105,391  (6)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. RSUs  were  granted  on  a  quarterly  basis  on  March  31,  June  30,  September  30  and  December  31  unless  otherwise agreed. 40% of the RSUs granted shall vest immediately upon granting, 20%, 20% and 20% of the RSUs granted shall vest on the first, second and third anniversary of the respective grant dates. The RSUs are granted with the purchase price of zero.
2. The Award vests immediately upon grant. The RSUs are granted with the purchase price of zero.
3. The Award vests immediately upon grant.
4. No RSUs granted to Directors or service providers were cancelled or lapsed during the Reporting Period.
5. One of the service providers is a consultant, who is a former employee of Peijia Medical. He had resigned from Peijia Medical on December 31, 2021 and became a consultant of Peijia Medical immediately upon his resignation. Pursuant to a contract entered into on January 1, 2022 between the Company, Suzhou Peijia, and the consultant, the RSUs held by the consultant continue to remain valid.
6. Number of  RSUs  under  the  award  as  of  January  1,  2022  and  December  31,  2022  are  indicative  only,  and  are  based on the exchange rate of HK$1:RMB0.89327 and the closing price of the Shares on December 31, 2022, being HK$9.56 per Shares. The number of RSUs eventually received by the participant may be greater or smaller than the indicated amount, as the number of RSUs to be vested is determined at each vesting date.
7. Awards granted to Directors and service providers were granted with reference to a fixed monetary value. Therefore, no valuation on the fair value of the award as of the date of grant was made on the RSUs granted.
8. No service providers were granted RSUs in any 12-month period exceeding 0.1% of the issued Shares.
9. The award was granted at an absolute monetary value of RMB1,500,000. Number of RSUs under the award is indicative only,  and  is  based  on  the  exchange  rate  of  HK$1:RMB0.87219  and  the  closing  price  of  the  Shares  on  September  21, 2020, being HK$28.6 per Shares. The number of RSUs eventually received by the participant may be greater or smaller than the indicated amount, as the number of RSUs to be vested is determined at each vesting date.
10. The  Award  has  a  vesting  term  of  5  years  from  the  grant  date.  The  Award  shall  be  vested  according  to  the  vesting schedule: RSUs worth 20% of the monetary value of the Award (calculated at each vesting date) shall be vested on each of the first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the grant date respectively.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

## (h) General and Maximum Limit

The summary of the Awards granted to employees (excluding Directors) under the RSU Scheme as of December 31, 2022 are as follows:

| Date of grant  Monetary value  of the Award (1)  (RMB)  Vesting  Period  Closing  price of Shares  immediately  before the date  of grant (HK$)  Indicative  number of  RSUs under  the unvested  Award as of  January 1,  2022 (4)  Monetary  value of the  unvested  Award as of  January 1, 2022  (RMB)  Number of  RSUs vested  during the  Reporting  Period  (17)  Number of  RSUs  lapsed during  the Reporting  Period  (3)  Indicative  number of  RSUs under  the unvested  Award as of  December 31,  2022 (4)  Monetary value  of the unvested  Award as of  December 31,  2022  (RMB)  Employees (excluding Directors)  (5)  October 12, 2020  2,000,000  (7)  28  199,071  1,700,000  54,857  -  163,941  1,400,000  December 21, 2020  7,000,000  (8)  24.4  714,314  6,100,000  150,772  -  585,503  5,000,000  April 1, 2022  3,000,000  (13)  7.1  351,302  3,000,000  64,616  -  281,042  2,400,000  October 28, 2021  200,000  (9)  18.66  11,710  100,000  17,213  -  -  -  March 1, 2021  5,000,000  (6)  23.8  585,503  5,000,000  96,271  -  468,403  4,000,000  April 1, 2021  1,050,000  (10)  24.75  122,956  1,050,000  60,796  -  81,970  700,000  April 1, 2021  500,000  (11)  24.75  58,550  500,000  86,851  -  -  -  August 9, 2021  1,750,000  (6)  29.35  204,926  1,750,000  69,193  135,763  (14)  -  -  March 1, 2021  350,000  (18)  23.8  40,985  350,000  -  -  40,985  350,000  November 4, 2021  750,000  (16)  17.28  87,826  750,000  -  -  87,826  750,000  November 4, 2021  426,023  (15)  (12)  17.28  49,888  426,023  10,849  -  39,910  340,818  November 4, 2021  1,789,296  (15)  (12)  17.28  209,528  1,789,296  45,564  -  167,622  1,431,438  November 4, 2021  1,278,069  (15)  (12)  17.28  149,663  1,278,069  32,546  -  119,730  1,022,455  Including: top five highest paid employees  (5)  December 21, 2020  7,000,000  (8)  24.4  714,314  6,100,000  150,772  -  585,503  5,000,000  April 1, 2022  3,000,000  (13)  7.1  351,302  3,000,000  64,616  -  281,042  2,400,000  April 1, 2021  500,000  (11)  24.75  58,550  500,000  86,851  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Awards granted to employees (other than directors) were in an absolute monetary amount as at the date of grant. The number of RSUs to be vested is determined at each vesting date. Therefore, no valuation on the fair value of the award as of the date of grant was made on the RSU granted.
2. The RSUs were granted with the purchase price of zero.
3. No RSUs were cancelled during the Reporting Period.
4. The number of RSUs under the award as of January 1, 2022 and December 31, 2022 are indicative only, and are based on the exchange rate of HK$1:RMB0.89327 and the closing price of the Shares on December 31, 2022, being HK$9.56 per Shares. The number of RSUs eventually received by the participant may be greater or smaller than the indicated amount, as the number of RSUs to be vested is determined at each vesting date.
5. The weighted average closing price of Shares immediately before the RSUs were vested during the Reporting Period for employees (excluding Directors) was HK$8.49. The weighted average closing price of Shares immediately before the RSUs were vested during the Reporting Period for the top five highest paid employees is HK$8.38.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

## (h) General and Maximum Limit (CONT'D)

6. The Award has a vesting term of 5 years from the grant date. The Award shall be vested according to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth  20%  of  the monetary value of the Award (calculated at each vesting date) shall be vested on each of the first, second, third, fourth and fifth anniversary of the grant date respectively.
7. The Award has a vesting term of 5 years from the grant date. The Award shall be vested according to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth  15%  of  the monetary value of the Award (calculated at each vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  each  of  the first  and  second  anniversary  of  the  grant  date respectively;  RSUs  worth  20%  of  the  monetary value  of  the  Award  (calculated  at  each  vesting date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  third  and  fourth anniversary of the grant date respectively; RSUs worth  30%  of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award (calculated at each vesting date) shall be vested on the fifth anniversary of the grant date.
8. The Award has a vesting term of 5 years from the grant date. The Award shall be vested according to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth  12.9%  of the  monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated at  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  first anniversary of the grant date; RSUs worth 15.7% of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated at  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  second anniversary of the grant date; RSUs worth 19.3% of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated at  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  third anniversary of the grant date; RSUs worth 23.6% of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated at  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  fourth anniversary of the grant date; RSUs worth 28.5% of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated at  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  fifth anniversary of the grant date.
9. The Award has a vesting term of 2 years from the grant date. The Award shall be vested according to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth  50%  of the  monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated  at each  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  the  grant date  and  first  anniversary  of  the  grant  date respectively.
10. The Award has a vesting term of 3 years from the grant date. The RSUs shall be vested according to the vesting schedule: RSU worth one-third of the monetary value of the Award (calculated at each vesting date) shall be vested on each of the first, second  and  third  anniversary  of  the  grant  date respectively.
11. The Award vests immediately upon grant.
12. The  Award  has  a  vesting  term  of  5  years  from January  1,  2021.  The  Award  shall  be  vested according  to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth 20%  of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award (calculated  at  the  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested on  December  31,  2022;  RSUs  worth  50%  of  the monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated  at  the vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  December  31, 2024; RSUs worth 30% of the monetary value of the  Award  (calculated  at  the  vesting  date)  shall be vested on December 31, 2025.
13. The  Award  has  a  vesting  term  of  5  years from  December  21,  2021.  The  Award  shall be  vested  according  to  the  vesting  schedule: RSUs  worth  20%  of  the  monetary  value  of  the Award (calculated at each vesting date) shall be vested on each of the first, second, third, fourth and  fifth  anniversary  of  December  21,  2021 respectively.
14. All  unvested  RSUs  under  the  Award  granted on  August  9,  2021  lapsed  during  the  Reporting Period.  Number  of  RSUs  under  the  Award granted on August 9, 2021 is indicative only, and is based on the difference between the indicative number of  RSUs  for  the  Award  as  of  January  1, 2022,  and  the  actual  vested  number  of  RSUs during the Reporting Period.
15. The  remuneration  under  the  relevant  employee contracts  were  denominated  in  Hong  Kong dollars.  The  monetary  value  of  the  award  was based  on  the  exchange  rate  on  November  4, 2021 of HK$1:RMB0.82155.
16. The  Award  has  a  vesting  term  of  5  years  from January  1,  2022.  The  Award  shall  be  vested according  to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth 20%  of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award (calculated  at  the  vesting  date)  shall  be  vested on  December  31,  2023;  RSUs  worth  50%  of  the monetary  value  of  the  Award  (calculated  at  the vesting  date)  shall  be  vested  on  December  31, 2025; RSUs worth 30% of the monetary value of the  Award  (calculated  at  the  vesting  date)  shall be vested on December 31, 2026.
17. At the sole discretion of the Board, the Grantees may obtain either Shares or an equivalent value in cash, with reference to the market value of the Shares on or about the vesting date.
18. The  Award  has  a  vesting  term  of  5  years  from March  1,  2022.  The  Award  shall  be  vested according  to  the  vesting  schedule:  RSUs  worth 20%  of  the  monetary  value  of  the  Award (calculated at each vesting date) shall be vested on  each  of  the  first,  second,  third,  fourth  and fifth anniversary of March 1, 2022 respectively.

None  of  the  grantees  were  chief  executive or  substantial  shareholders  of  the  Company, or  their  respective  associates  during  the Reporting Period.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 2. RSU Scheme (CONT'D)

## (h) General and Maximum Limit (CONT'D)

Please  refer  to  Note  25  and  27  to  the consolidated  financial  statements  for  further details.

## 3. Share Option Scheme

The  Company  has  conditionally  approved  and adopted a Share Option Scheme on April 28, 2020.

A  summary  of  the  principal  terms  of  which  are set  out  in  the  section  headed  'D.  Share  Incentive Schemes - 3. Share Option Scheme' in Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

## (a) Term

Subject  to  the  termination  provision  of the  Share  Option  Scheme,  it  shall  be  valid and  effective  for  a  period  of  10  years commencing on the Listing Date. As such, the remaining  life  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme is  approximately  seven  years  as  of  the  date of  this  annual  report.  Upon  the  expiry  of  the Share Option Scheme, no further Options will be  granted,  but  the  provisions  of  the  Share Option  Scheme  shall  in  all  other  respects remain  in  full  force  and  effect  and  Options that are granted during the Term of the Share Option Scheme may continue to be valid and exercisable  in  accordance  the  Share  Option Scheme.

The  Company  by  ordinary  resolution  of  the Board  may  at  any  time  resolve  to  terminate the  operation  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme and  in  such  event  no  further  Options  shall be offered but the provisions of this Scheme shall remain in force to the extent necessary to  give  effect  to  the  exercise  of  any  Option granted prior to the termination or otherwise as  may  be  required  in  accordance  with  the provisions  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme  and Options  granted  prior  to  such  termination shall  continue  to  be  valid  and  exercisable  in accordance with the Share Option Scheme.

## (b) Purpose

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant options to selected participants  as  incentives  or  rewards  for their contribution to the Group. The Directors consider  the  Share  Option  Scheme,  with  its broadened  basis  of  participation,  will  enable the  Group  to  reward  the  employees,  the Directors  and  other  selected  participants  for their  contributions  to  the  Group.  Given  that the  Directors  are  entitled  to  determine  the performance  targets  to  be  achieved  as  well as  the  vesting  period  and  exercise  period  of an  option  on  a  case  by  case  basis,  and  that the exercise price of an option cannot in any event  fall  below  the  price  stipulated  in  the Listing  Rules  or  such  higher  price  as  may be  fixed  by  the  Directors,  it  is  expected  that grantees  of  an  option  will  make  an  effort  to contribute  to  the  development  of  the  Group so  as  to  bring  about  an  increased  market price  of  the  Shares  in  order  to  capitalize  on the benefits of the options granted.

## (c) Who may join

The  Directors  may,  at  their  absolute discretion, invite any person belonging to any of  the  following  classes  of  participants,  who the  Board  considers,  in  its  sole  discretion, have  contributed  or  will  contribute  to  the Group,  to  take  up  options  to  subscribe  for Shares:

- (i) any  directors  (including  executive Directors,  non-executive  Directors  and independent  non-executive  Directors) and  employees  of  any  member  of  the Group; and
- (ii) any  advisers,  consultants,  distributors, contractors,  customers,  suppliers, agents,  business  partners,  joint  venture business  partners,  service  providers  of any member of the Group.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 3. Share Option Scheme (cont'd)

## (c) Who may join (cont'd)

For  the  purposes  of  the  Share  Option Scheme,  the  options  may  be  granted  to  any company  wholly-owned  by  one  or  more persons  belonging  to  any  of  these  classes of  participants.  For  the  avoidance  of  doubt, the grant of any options by the Company for the subscription of Shares or other securities of  the  Group  to  any  person  who  falls  within any of these classes of participants shall not, by  itself,  unless  the  Directors  otherwise  so determine, be construed as a grant of option under the Share Option Scheme.

The  eligibility  of  any  of  these  class  of participants  to  the  grant  of  any  option  shall be determined by the Directors from time to time  on  the  basis  of  the  Directors'  opinion as  to  the  participant's  contribution  to  the development and growth of the Group.

## (d) Maximum number of Shares

- (i) The  total  number  of  Shares  which may  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  all options  to  be  granted  under  the  Share Option  Scheme  and  any  other  share option  scheme  of  the  Group  shall  not in  aggregate  exceed  10%  of  the  Shares in  issue  on  the  day  on  which  trading of  the  Shares  commence  on  the  Stock Exchange,  such  10%  limit  represents 61,004,200  (the  ' General  Scheme Limit '),  but  excluding  any  Shares  which may be issued upon the exercise of the Over-allotment Option, which represents approximately 9.01% of issued shares as at the date of this report.
- (ii) Without  prejudice  to  paragraph  (iii) below,  the  Company  may  issue  a circular  to  its  Shareholders  and  seek approval of its Shareholders in a general meeting  to  extend  the  General  Scheme Limit  provided  that  the  total  number of  Shares  which  may  be  issued  upon exercise  of  all  options  to  be  granted under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  and any  other  share  option  scheme  of  the Group  shall  not  exceed  10%  of  the Shares in issue as of the date of approval of  the  limit  and,  for  the  purpose  of calculating  the  limit,  options  (including those  outstanding,  cancelled,  lapsed  or exercised  in  accordance  with  the  Share Option  Scheme  and  any  other  share option  scheme  of  the  Group)  previously granted under the Share Option Scheme and  any  other  share  option  scheme of  the  Group  will  not  be  counted.  The circular  sent  by  the  Company  to  its Shareholders shall contain, among other information,  the  information  required under Rule 17.03C(2) of the Listing Rules.

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 3. Share Option Scheme (cont'd)

## (d) Maximum number of Shares (cont'd)

- (iii) Without  prejudice  to  paragraph  (ii) above, the Company may seek separate Shareholders'  approval  in  a  general meeting  to  grant  options  beyond  the General  Scheme  Limit  or,  if  applicable, t h e   extended  limit  referred  to  in paragraph  (ii)  above  to  participants specifically  identified  by  the  Company before  such  approval  is  sought.  In  such event, the Company must send a circular to  its  Shareholders  containing  a  general description of the specified participants, the  number  and  terms  of  options  to  be granted, the purpose of granting options to  the  specified  participants  with  an explanation  as  to  how  the  terms  of  the options  serve  such  purpose  and  such other  information  required  under  Rule 17.03C(3) of the Listing Rules.

## (e) Maximum entitlement of each participant

The total number of Shares issued and which may  fall  to  be  issued  upon  exercise  of  the options  granted  under  the  Share  Option Scheme and any other  share  option  scheme of  the  Company  (including  both  exercised and  outstanding  options)  to  each  participant in  any  12-month  period  shall  not  exceed  1% of  the  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company for  the  time  being  (the  ' Individual  Limit '). Any  further  grant  of  options  in  aggregate  in excess of the Individual Limit in any 12-month period  up  to  and  including  the  date  of  such further  grant  shall  be  subject  to  the  issue of  a  circular  to  the  Shareholders  and  the Shareholders'  approval  in  general  meeting of  the  Company  with  such  participant  and his  close  associates  (or  his  associates  if  the participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting. The number and terms (including the  exercise  price)  of  options  to  be  granted to  such  participant  must  be  fixed  before

Shareholders' approval and the date of Board meeting  for  proposing  such  further  grant should  be  taken  as  the  date  of  grant  for  the purpose  of  calculating  the  exercise  price under  Rule  17.03(9)  and  Rule  17.03E  of  the Listing Rules.

## (f) Grant of options to connected persons

- (i) Any  grant  of  options  under  the  Share Option  Scheme  to  a  director,  chief executive  or  substantial  shareholder of  t h e   Company  or  any  of  their respective associates must be approved by  the  independent  non-executive Directors  (excluding  any  independent non-executive  Director  who  is  the proposed grantee of the options).
- (ii) Where  any  grant  of  options  to  a substantial  Shareholder  of  the  Company or  an  independent  non-executive Director  or  any  of  their  respective associates  would  result  in  the  Shares issued  and  to  be  issued  upon  exercise of  all  options  already  granted  and  to  be granted  (including  options  exercised, cancelled  and  outstanding)  to  such person in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant:
1. representing in aggregate over 0.1% (or such other higher percentage as may from time to time be specified by  the  Stock  Exchange)  of  the Shares in issue; and
2. having  an  aggregate  value,  based on  the  closing  price  of  the  Shares as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's daily  quotations  sheet  the  date  of the offer of grant, in excess of HK$5 million (or such other higher amount as  may  from  time  to  time  be specified by the Stock Exchange);

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 3. Share Option Scheme (cont'd)

## (f) Grant of options to connected persons (cont'd)

such  further  grant  of  options  must  be  approved  by  the  Shareholders  in  a  general  meeting.  The Company  must  send  a  circular  to  its  Shareholders.  The  grantee,  his  associates  and  all  core connected persons of the Company must abstain from voting in favor of the relevant resolution at such general meeting. Any vote taken at the general meeting to approve the grant of such options must be taken on a poll. Any change in the terms of options granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive Director or any of their respective associates must be approved by the Shareholders in a general meeting.

## (g) Subscription price for Shares and consideration for the option

The  subscription  price  per  Share  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  will  be  a  price  determined  by  the Directors,  but  shall  not  be  less  than  the  highest  of  (i)  the  closing  price  of  the  Shares  as  stated  in  the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the date of the offer of grant, which must be a Business Day; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations for the five Business Days immediately preceding the date of the offer of grant (provided that in the event that any option is proposed to be granted within a period of less than five Business Days after the trading of the Shares first commences on the Stock Exchange, the new issue price of the Shares for the Global Offering shall be used as the closing price for any Business Day falling within the period before Listing); and (iii) the  nominal  value  of  a  Share  on  the  date  of  grant.  The  amount  payable  per  Share  on  subscription  or acceptance of the underlying options under the Share Option Scheme is HK$1.00, and the period within which payments must be made is five business days from the date on which the letter containing the offer to the underlying options under the Share Option Scheme is delivered to the eligible participant.

Please refer to Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements for further details.

The summary of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme that were still outstanding as of December 31, 2022 are as follows:

| Grantee  Position/  Relationship  Date of Grant  Vesting Period  Exercise Period  Exercise  Price  (5)  (HK$)  As of  January  1, 2022  Granted  during  the Year  Exercised  during  the Year  Cancelled  during  the Year  Lapsed  during  the Year  As of  December  31, 2022  214 Employees  Other employee  participants  2021/12/7  2021/1/1-  2025/12/31  2021/12/7-  2031/12/6  15.97  2,873,273  0  0  0  768,709  2,104,564  2021/12/7  2021/7/1-  2026/6/30  2021/12/7-  2031/12/6  15.97  432,525  0  0  0  120,000  312,525  2021/12/7  2022/1/1-  2024/12/31  2021/12/7-  2031/12/6  15.97  100,000  0  0  0  0  100,000  2021/12/7  2022/1/1-  2026/12/31  2021/12/7-  2031/12/6  15.97  4,395,588  0  0  0  810,233  3,585,355  7,801,386  0  0  0  1,698,942  6,102,444   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES (CONT'D)

## 3. Share Option Scheme (cont'd)

- (g) S u b s c r i p t i o n pr i c e f o r S h a r e s a n d consideration for the option (cont'd) Notes:
- (1) There  were  249  employees  at  the  beginning  of the  period.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  a  total of  1,698,942  share  options  lapsed  due  to  35 employees resigning from the Group.
- (2) The closing price per Shares immediately on the date of grant was HK$15.26.
- (3) Performance  targets:  the  Grantees  must  (i) achieve  Grade  B  or  above  in  their  respective performance  appraisals;  and  (ii)  remain  as employees  of  the  Company  when  the  relevant Share Options are vested.
- (4) The  fair  value  of  the  share  options  granted on  December  7,  2021  was  approximately HK$53,117,000.  The  accounting  standard  and policy  adopted  to  estimate  the  fair  value  of  the awards at the date of grant per Share is set out in note 27 of the Notes to Financial Statements.
- (5) The  exercise  price  of  the  options  was  the average  of  the  closing  prices  of  the  Shares  as stated in the daily quotations sheet by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  assuming  that all  outstanding  options  to  subscribe  for aggregate of 6,102,444 Shares are exercised, t he  remaining  total  number  of  Shares available  for  issue  under  the  Share  Option Scheme  is  54,901,756  Shares,  representing approximately  8.10%  of  the  issued  share capital of the Company as at the date of this annual report.

As of January 1, 2022, the number of options available  for  grant  under  the  scheme mandate was 53,202,814. 54,901,756 options were  available  for  grant  under  the  scheme mandate as of December 31, 2022.

As  no  options  or  award  may  be  granted under the Share Option Plan after the Listing Date,  and  no  options  were  granted  during the  Reporting  Period  under  the  Share  Option Scheme,  the  calculation  under  Rule  17.07(3) is 0.

## COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The  emoluments  of  the  Directors  and  senior management  of  the  Group  are  decided  by  the  Board with  reference  to  the  recommendation  given  by the  Remuneration  Committee,  having  regard  to  the i ndividual  performance  and  comparable  market statistics.

Details  of  the  Directors'  emoluments  and  emoluments of the five highest paid individual in the Group are set out in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  no emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  any  Director or  any  of  the  five  highest  paid  individuals  as  an inducement  to  join  or  upon  joining  the  Group  or  as compensation for loss of office. None of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments for the year ended December 31, 2022.

Except  as  disclosed  above,  a  total  of  309,485  Shares have been granted and paid to two independent nonexecutive  Directors,  namely  Dr.  Stephen  Newman OESTERLE and Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS, under the RSU Scheme, for the year ended December 31, 2022, by the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors.

## CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS

No  contract  of  significance  has  been  entered  into among  the  Company  or  any  of  its  subsidiaries  and the  Controlling  Shareholders  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 or subsisted at the end of the year.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contract,  concerning  the  management  and administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial  part of  the  business  of  the  Company  was  entered  into  or existed during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The  Group  was  not  involved  in  any  material  legal proceeding during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  trustee  of  the  RSU Scheme  has  purchased  an  aggregate  of  5,859,000 Shares  (representing  approximately  0.8649%  of  the total  issued  share  capital  of  the  Company)  under  the RSU Scheme. Please refer to section headed 'Report of Directors  -  SHARE  INCENTIVE  SCHEME  -  2.  RSU Scheme'  and  Note  25  and  27  to  the  consolidated financial statements for further details.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of  its  subsidiaries  have  purchased,  sold  or  redeemed any of the Company's listed securities during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## AUDITOR

The  Shares  were  only  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange on  May  15,  2020,  and  there  has  been  no  change in  auditors  of  the  Company  since  the  Listing  Date. The  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  year ended  December  31,  2022  have  been  audited  by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants and  Registered  Public  Interest  Entity  Auditor,  who  are proposed for reappointment at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND CLOSURE OF THE REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The  2023  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company (the  ' AGM ')  will  be  held  on  May  25,  2023.  Notice  of the  2023  AGM  and  all  other  relevant  documents  will be  published  and  despatched  to  Shareholders  in  due course.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from May 22, 2023 to May 25, 2023, both days inclusive and  during  which  period  no  Share  transfer  will  be effected, for the purpose of ascertaining Shareholders' entitlement  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM.  In  order to  be  eligible  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  AGM,  all transfer  documents  accompanied  by  the  relevant share certificates  must  be  lodged  for  registration  with the  Company's  Hong  Kong  branch  share  registrar, Computershare  Hong  Kong  Investor  Services  Limited, at  Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen's Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on May 19, 2023.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

A  report  on  the  principle  corporate  governance practices  adopted  by  the  Company  is  set  out  in  the Corporate  Governance  Report  on  pages  83  to  101  of this annual report.

## SUBSEQUENT EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save  for  those  disclosed  in  this  report,  there  is  no material  subsequent  event  undertaken  by  the Company  or  by  the  Group  after  the  Reporting  Period and up to the date of this report.

## CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES

Save  as  disclosed  in  this  annual  report,  the  Company does  not  have  any  other  disclosure  obligations  under Rules 13.20, 13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.

On behalf of the Board

Peijia Medical Limited

Dr. Yi ZHANG

Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, March 31, 2023

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board  is  pleased  to  present  the  corporate governance report for the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Company  recognizes  the  importance  of  good corporate  governance  for  enhancing  the  management of  the  Company as well as preserving the interests of the  shareholders  of  the  Company  as  a  whole.  The Company has adopted the code provisions  as  set  out i n  the  CG  Code,  as  its  own  code  to  govern  its corporate governance practices.

Under  the  code  provision  C.2.1  of  the  CG  Code,  the roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive  should  be separate  and  should  not  be  performed  by  the  same individual.  Under  the  current  organization  structure  of the Company, Dr. ZHANG is the chairman of the Board and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company.  With extensive  experience  in  the  medical  devices  industry and  having  served  in  the  Company  since  its establishment,  Dr.  ZHANG  is  in  charge  of  overall management,  business,  strategic  development  and scientific research and development of the Group. The Board considers that vesting the roles of the chairman of  the  Board  and  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  in  the same  person  is  beneficial  to  the  management  of  the Group. The balance of power and authority is ensured by  the  operation  of  the  Board,  which  comprises experienced  and  diverse  individuals.  The  Board currently  comprises  three  Executive  Directors (including  Dr.  ZHANG),  four  non-executive  Directors and  four  independent  non-executive  Directors,  and therefore  has  a  strong  independent  element  in  its composition.

In  the  opinion  of  the  Directors,  the  Company  has complied  with  the  relevant  code  provisions  contained in  the  CG  Code  during  the  year  ended  December  31, 2022.

The  Board  will  continue  to  review  and  monitor  the practices of the Company with an aim of maintaining a high standard of corporate governance.

## COMPANY'S CULTURE

The  Board  believes  that  corporate  culture  underpins the  long-term  business,  economic  success  and sustainable  growth  of  the  Group.  A  strong  culture enables the Company to deliver long-term sustainable performance  and  fulfil  its  role  as  a  responsible corporate  citizen.  The  Company  is  committed  to developing  a  positive  and  progressive  culture  that  is built on its Purpose, Vision, Mission.

During 2022, the Company continued to strengthen its cultural framework by focusing on the following:

- Vision: To be a respected global high-tech medical enterprise focusing on patients and holding to its original spirit.
- Mission: Committed to providing the safe, effective and  affordable  products  and  solutions,  alleviating the  suffering  of  patients  and  improving  patients' quality of life through ongoing innovation.
- Values: Devotion for Life, Stick to Innovation

The  Board  sets  and  promotes  corporate  culture  and expects  and  requires  all  employees  to  reinforce. All  of  our  new  employees  are  required  to  attend orientation  and  training  programs  so  that  they  may better understand our corporate culture, structure and policies, learn relevant laws and regulations, and raise their quality awareness. In addition, from time to time, the  Company  will  invite  external  experts  to  provide training to our management personnel to improve their relevant knowledge and management skills.

The Board considers that the corporate culture and the purpose, values and strategy of the Group are aligned.

## Anti-corruption Policy

The  Company  does  not  tolerate  any  form  of  bribery, whether  direct  or  indirect,  by,  or  of,  its  Directors, officers,  employees,  agents  or  consultants  or  any persons or companies acting for it or on its behalf. The Company adopts the anti-corruption policy in assisting the  employees  in  recognizing  circumstances  which may lead to or  give  the  appearance  of  being  involved in  corruption  or  unethical  business  conduct,  so  as  to avoid such conduct which is clearly prohibited, and to promptly seek guidance if necessary.

The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, any convicted cases will be reported to the Audit Committee.

## Whistleblowing Policy

The  Company  expects  and  encourages  employees of  the  Group  and  those  who  deal  with  the  Group (e.g.  suppliers,  customers,  creditors  and  debtors)  to report  to  the  Company,  in  confidence,  any  suspected impropriety,  misconduct  or  malpractice  concerning the  Group.  The  Company  adopts  the  whistleblowing policy  to  provide  reporting  channels  and  guidance  on reporting  possible  improprieties  and  reassurance  to whistleblowers  of  the  protection  that  the  Group  will extend to them in the formal system.

The whistleblowing policy will be reviewed on a regular basis,  any  suspected  cases  will  be  reported  to  the Audit Committee.

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Under  the  code  provision  C.2.1  of  the  CG  Code,  the roles  of  chairman  and  chief  executive  should  be separate  and  should  not  be  performed  by  the  same individual.  Under  the  current  organization  structure of  the  Company,  Dr.  ZHANG  is  the  chairman  of  the Board  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company. With  extensive  experience  in  the  medical  devices industry  and  having  served  in  the  Company  since its  establishment,  Dr.  ZHANG  is  in  charge  of  overall management,  business,  strategic  development  and scientific research and development of the Group. The Board considers that vesting the roles of the chairman of  the  Board  and  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  in  the same  person  is  beneficial  to  the  management  of  the Group. The balance of power and authority is ensured by  the  operation  of  the  Board,  which  comprises experienced and diverse individuals.

In  general, the chairman is responsible for supervising the  functions  and  performance  of  the  Board,  while the  Chief  Executive  Officer  is  responsible  for  the management  of  the  business  of  the  Group.  The  two roles are performed by Dr. ZHANG distinctly. The Board considers  that  vesting  the  roles  of  the  chairman  of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer in the same person is  beneficial  to  the  management  of  the  Group. The balance of power and authority is ensured by the operation  of  the  Board,  which  comprises  experienced and diverse individuals. The Board currently comprises three  Executive  Directors  (including  Dr.  ZHANG), four  non-executive  Directors  and  four  independent non-executive  Directors,  and  therefore  has  a  strong independent  element  in  its  composition.  We  also consider that the current structure does not impair the balance of power and authority between the Board and the management of the Company given the appropriate delegation of the power of the Board and the effective functions  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors. However, it is the long-term objective of the Company to  have  these  two  roles  performed  by  separate individuals when suitable candidates are identified.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its own code of conduct regarding dealings in the securities of the  Company  by  the  Directors  and  the  Company's senior  management who, because of his/her office or employment,  is  likely  to  possess  inside  information  in relation to the Company's securities.

Upon  specific  enquiries,  all  Directors  confirmed  that they  have  complied  with  the  Model  Code  during  the year  ended  December  31,  2022.  In  addition,  the Company  is  not  aware  of  any  non-compliance  of  the Model  Code  by  the  senior  management  of  the  Group during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The  Board  currently  comprises  three  executive Directors,  four  non-executive  Directors  and  four independent non-executive Directors.

As at the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board is as followings:

## Executive Directors:

Dr. Yi ZHANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG Ms. Hong YE

## Non-executive Directors:

Dr. Zhiyun YU Mr. Jifeng GUAN Mr. Fei CHEN Mr. Jun YANG

## Independent Non-executive Directors:

Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE

Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS

Mr. Wai Ming YIP

Mr. Huacheng WEI

The  biographical  details  of  the  Directors  are  set out  in  the  section  headed  'Directors  and  Senior Management' on pages 36 to 49 of this annual report.

Dr.  ZHANG and Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG are spouses, and Dr.  ZHANG  is  the  brother-in-law  of  Ms.  Hong  YE.  Ms. Hong  YE  is  a  sibling  of  Mrs.  Ping  Ye  ZHANG,  and  the sister-in-law of Dr. ZHANG.

Except  as  disclosed  above,  there  is  no  other relationship  (including  financial,  business,  family  or other  material/relevant  relationship(s))  between  the Board members.

Save  from  disclosed  above,  for  the  period  from the  Listing  Date  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual report,  the  Board  at  all  times  met  the  requirements of  Rules  3.10(1),  3.10(2)  and  3.10(A)  of  the  Listing Rules  relating  to  the  appointment  of  at  least  three independent  non-executive  Directors  with  at  least one  independent  non-executive  Director  possessing appropriate  professional  qualifications  or  accounting or  related  financial  management  expertise  and  the appointment  of  independent  non-executive  Directors representing  at  least  one-third  of  the  Board.  Among the four independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Wai Ming Yip has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting  or  related  financial  management  expertise as required by Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.

## DIRECTORS' AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT'S LIABILITY INSURANCE AND INDEMNITY

The  Company  has  arranged  appropriate  liability i nsurance  to  indemnify  the  Directors  and  senior management of the Company for their liabilities arising out of corporate activities. The insurance coverage will be reviewed on an annual basis.

## BOARD MEETINGS AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS

The  Company  adopts  the  practice  of  holding  Board meetings  regularly,  at  least  four  times  a  year,  and  at approximately quarterly intervals. Both the Nomination Committee  and  the  Remuneration  Committee  shall meet at least once every year and the Audit Committee shall  meet  at  least  twice  a  year.  Notices  of  not  less than  fourteen  days  are  given  for  all  regular  Board meetings to provide all Directors with an opportunity to attend and include matters in the agenda for a regular meeting.  For  other  Board  and  committee  meetings, reasonable  notice  is  generally  given.  The  agenda  and accompanying  board  papers  are  dispatched  to  the Directors  or  committee  members  at  least  three  days before the intended date of the meeting to ensure that they have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately  prepared  for  the  meeting.  When  Directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the chairman of the Board or the committee members prior to  the  meeting.  Minutes  of  meetings  are  kept  by  the company  secretary  with  copies  circulated  to  relevant Board or Board Committee for comments and records.

Minutes  of  the  Board  meetings  and  committee meetings  are  recorded  in  sufficient  detail  the  matters considered by the Board and the committees and the decisions  reached,  including  any  concerns  raised  by the Board or committee members and dissenting views expressed.  Draft  minutes  of  each  Board  meeting  and committee  meeting  are  sent  to  the  relevant  Board  or committee members for comments within a reasonable time after  the  date  on  which  the  meeting  is  held.  The minutes of the Board meetings are open for inspection by Directors.

4  Board  meetings,  2  Audit  Committee  meeting,  1 Remuneration  Committee  meeting  and  1  Nomination Committee were held during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company expects to continue to convene at least four regular meetings in each financial year at approximately  quarterly  intervals  in  accordance  with code provision C.5.1 of the CG Code.

## BOARD MEETINGS AND COMMITTEE MEETINGS (CONT'D)

A summary of the attendance record of the Directors at Board meetings and committee meetings during the year ended to December 31, 2022 is set out in the following table below:

| Number of meeting(s) attended/number of meeting(s)  held during the year ended December 31, 2022  Name of Director  Board  Audit  Committee  Remuneration  Committee  Nomination  Committee  Executive Directors:  Dr. Yi ZHANG  4/4  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  1/1  Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG  4/4  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Ms. Hong YE  4/4  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Non-executive Directors:  Dr. Zhiyun YU  4/4  Not Applicable  1/1  Not Applicable  Mr. Jifeng GUAN  4/4  2/2  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Mr. Fei CHEN  4/4  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  1/1  Mr. Jun YANG  4/4  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Independent Non-executive Directors:  Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE  4/4  Not Applicable  1/1  1/1  Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS  4/4  2/2  1/1  Not Applicable  Mr. Wai Ming YIP  4/4  2/2  Not Applicable  1/1  Mr. Huacheng WEI  4/4  2/2  1/1  1/1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GENERAL MEETING

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  a  general meeting  was  held.  All  Directors  attended  the  general meeting.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE BY THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  play a  significant  role  in  the  Board  by  virtue  of  their independent judgment and their views carry significant weight  in  the  Board's  decision.  The  functions  of independent  non-executive  Directors  include  bringing an  impartial  view  and  judgement  on  issues  of  the Company's  strategies,  performance  and  control; and  scrutinizing  the  Company's  performance  and monitoring performance reporting.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from  each  independent  non-executive  Director  of their  independence  pursuant  to  the  requirements of  Rule  3.13  of  the  Listing  Rules.  The  Company considers  all  independent  non-executive  Directors  to be independent in accordance with the independence guidelines as set out in the Listing Rules.

All  Directors,  including  independent  non-executive Directors,  have  brought  a  wide  spectrum  of  valuable business  experience,  knowledge  and  professionalism to  the  Board  for  its  efficient  and  effective  functioning. Independent  non-executive  Directors  are  invited  to serve  on  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee.

As  regards  the  CG  Code  provision  requiring  directors to  disclose  the  number  and  nature  of  offices  held  in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments  as  well  as  their  respective  identity  of the  public  companies  or  organizations  and  the  time involved  to  the  issuer,  Directors  have  agreed  to disclose,  and  already  disclosed  their  commitments  to the Company in a timely manner.

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

Each  of  the  executive  Directors  has  entered  into  a service contract with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect from the Listing Date.

Each of the non-executive Directors has signed a letter of appointment with the Company for an initial term of three years with effect from the Listing Date or the date of the letter of appointment (if applicable).

Each  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has signed  a  letter  of  appointment  with  the  Company for  an  initial  term  of  three  years  with  effect  from  the Listing Date or the date of the letter of appointment (if applicable).

Save  as  disclosed  above,  none  of  the  Directors  has or  is  proposed  to  have  entered  into  any  service agreement or  letter  of  appointment  with  any  member of  the  Group  (excluding  agreements  expiring  or determinable by any member of the Group within one year  without  payment  of  compensation  other  than statutory compensation).

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS (CONT'D)

In  accordance  with  the  Articles  of  Association,  all  the Directors  are  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  and re-election at annual general meeting of the Company. Pursuant to the Articles of Association, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not three  or  a  multiple  of  three,  then  the  number  nearest to, but not less than, one-third) shall retire from office by  rotation  provided  that  every  Director  (including those  appointed  for  a  specific  term)  shall  be  subject to  retirement  by  rotation  at  least  once  every  three years.  Any  Director  appointed  pursuant  to  article  16.2 or  article  16.3  of  the  Articles  of  Association  shall  not be  taken  into  account  in  determining  the  number  of Directors and which Directors are to retire by rotation. A  retiring  Director  shall  retain  office  until  the  close  of the  annual  general  meeting  at  which  he  retires  and shall  be  eligible  for  re-election  thereat.  The  Company at  any  annual  general  meeting  at  which  any  Directors retire  may  fill  the  vacated  office  by  electing  a  like number of persons to be Directors.

The  procedures  and  process  of  appointment, re-election and removal of directors are set out in the Articles  of  Association.  The  Nomination  Committee is  responsible  for  reviewing  the  Board  composition, monitoring  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board on  the  appointment,  re-election  and  succession planning of Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company.

## RESPONSIBILITIES, ACCOUNTABILITIES AND CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE BOARD AND MANAGEMENT

The Board is the primary decision making body of the Company and is responsible for overseeing the Group's businesses,  strategic  decisions  and  performance  and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the  Company  by  directing  and  supervising  its  affairs. The Board makes decisions objectively to safeguard in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders. The Board has delegated the authority and responsibility for day-to-day management and operation of the Group to the  senior  management of the Group. Before entering into  any  significant  transactions  or  commitments  on behalf  of  the  Company,  senior  management  of  the Group  should  obtain  prior  approval  and  authorization from the Board.

To oversee particular aspects of the Company's affairs, the  Board  has  established  three  Board  committees including  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee. The Board has delegated to the Board committees responsibilities as  set  out  in  their  respective  terms  of  reference. All  Board  committees  are  provided  with  sufficient resources to perform their duties.

All  Directors  shall  ensure  that  they  carry  out  duties in  good  faith,  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and regulations,  and  in  the  interests  of  the  Company  and the Shareholders at all times.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Audit Committee

The Company has established an Audit Committee on April  28,  2020  (effective  from  the  Listing  Date)  with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing Rules and paragraph D.3 of the CG Code. The written terms of reference of the Audit Committee are  available  on  the  respective  website  of  the  Stock Exchange  and  the  Company.  As  at  the  date  of  this annual  report,  the  Audit  Committee  consists  of  three independent  non-executive  Directors  being  Mr.  Wai Ming  YIP,  Mr.  Robert  Ralph  PARKS  and  Mr.  Huacheng WEI, and one non-executive Director, namely Mr. Jifeng GUAN.  The  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  is  Mr. Wai Ming YIP. Mr. Wai Ming YIP holds the appropriate professional  qualifications  as  required  under  Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.

The  primary  duties  of  the  Audit  Committee  are  to assist  the  Board  by  providing  an  independent  view  of the  effectiveness  of  the  financial  reporting  process, internal  control  and  risk  management  systems  of  the Group,  overseeing  the  audit  process  and  performing other  duties  and  responsibilities  as  assigned  by  the Board.

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Audit Committee  convened  two  meetings.  The  attendance record  of  the  Directors  at  meetings  of  the  Audit Committee is set out in the table on page 87.

During the meeting(s), the audit committee:

- reviewed  the  Group's  policies  on  corporate governance  and  discussed  the  same  with  the Board,  reviewed  the  financial  reporting  system, compliance  procedures,  internal  control  and  risk management  systems  (including  the  adequacy of  resources,  staff  qualifications  and  experience, t r a i n i n g   programmes  and  budget  of  the Company's accounting, internal audit and financial reporting  functions)  and  associated  processes and  the  reappointment  of  the  external  auditor and  fulfilled  duties  as  required  aforesaid.  The Board had not deviated from any recommendation

given  by  the  audit  committee  on  the  selection, appointment,  resignation  or  dismissal  of  external auditor.

- reviewed the interim results  of  the  Company  and its  subsidiaries for the six months ended June 30, 2022 and the audit report prepared by the external auditor  relating  to  accounting  issues  and  major findings in course of audit.
- There  are  proper  arrangements  for  employees, in  confidence,  to  raise  concerns  about  possible i mproprieties  in  financial  reporting,  internal control and other matters.

## Remuneration Committee

The  Company  has  established  a  Remuneration Committee on April 28, 2020 (effective from the Listing Date)  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  compliance with  Rule  3.25  of  the  Listing  Rules  and  paragraph E.1  of  the  CG  Code.  The  written  terms  of  reference of  the  Remuneration  Committee  are  available  on the  respective  website  of  the  Stock  Exchange  and the  Company.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report, the  Remuneration  Committee  consists  of  three i ndependent  non-executive  Directors  being  Mr. Huacheng WEI, Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE and Mr. Robert  Ralph  PARKS,  and  one  non-executive  Director, namely Dr. Zhiyun YU. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Mr. Robert Ralph PARKS.

The  primary  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee include, but are not limited to, the following: (i) making recommendations  to  the  Board  on  our  policy  and structure  for  all  remuneration  of  Directors  and  senior management  of  the  Group  and  on  the  establishment of  a  formal  and  transparent  procedure  for  developing policy  on  such  remuneration;  (ii)  determining  the specific  remuneration  packages  of  all  Directors  and senior  management;  (iii)  reviewing  and  approving performance-based  remuneration  by  reference  to corporate  goals  and  objectives  resolved  by  our  Board from time to time; and (iv) reviewing and/or approving matters relating to Share Incentive Schemes.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONT'D)

## Remuneration Committee (cont'd)

During  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  one  Remuneration  Committee  meeting  was  held.  The  attendance record of the Directors at meetings of the Remuneration Committee is set out in the table on page 87.

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee reviewed the remuneration packages of our Directors and  senior  management,  reviewed  and  approved  matters  relating  to  Share  Incentive  Schemes,  and  made recommendations on employee benefit arrangements.

Details of the remuneration payable to each Director of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements.

The remuneration of the members of senior management by band for the year ended December 31, 2022 is set out below:

| Remuneration bands (RMB)  Number of persons  10,000,000-20,000,000  -  1,000,000-10,000,000  10  0-1,000,000  -  Total  10   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Nomination Committee

The  Company has established  a  Nomination  Committee  on  April  28,  2020  (effective  from  the  Listing  Date)  with written terms of reference in compliance with paragraph B.3 of the CG Code. The written terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are available on the respective website of the Stock Exchange and the Company. As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee consists of three independent non-executive Directors being Dr. Stephen Newman OESTERLE, Mr. Huacheng WEI and Mr. Wai Ming YIP, one executive Director being Dr. ZHANG and one non-executive Director bring Mr. Fei CHEN. The Nomination Committee is chaired by Dr. ZHANG.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee include, without limitation, (i) reviewing the structure, size and composition  (including  the  skills,  knowledge  and  experience)  of  the  Board;  (ii)  developing  the  criteria,  process and  procedures  for  identifying  and  assessing  the  qualifications  of  and  evaluating  candidates  for  directorship, including standards for determining Director independence and criteria for the evaluation of Director performance; (iii)  assessing  the  independence  of  independent  non-executive  Directors;  and  (iv)  making  recommendations  to our  Board  on  matters  relating  to  the  appointment  or  re-appointment  of  Directors  and  succession  planning  for Directors, in particular, the chairman of the Board and the chief executive of the Company.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, one Nomination Committee meeting was held. The attendance record of the Directors at meetings of the Nomination Committee is set out in the table on page 87.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONT'D)

## Board Diversity Policy

The  nomination  committee  (or  the  board)  shall  have a  policy  concerning  diversity  of  board  members,  and shall  disclose  the  policy  on  diversity  or  a  summary  of the policy in the corporate governance report.

In  order  to  enhance  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board and  to  maintain  the  high  standard  of  corporate governance,  the  Company  has  adopted  the  board diversity  policy  (the  ' Board  Diversity  Policy ')  which sets  out  our  objectives  and  approach  to  achieve  and maintain diversity of the Board. Pursuant to the Board Diversity  Policy,  we  seek  to  achieve  Board  diversity through the consideration of a number of factors when selecting the candidates to the Board, including but not limited  to  gender,  skills,  age,  professional  experience, knowledge, cultural, education background and length of  service.  The  ultimate  decision  of  the  appointment will  be  based  on  merit  and  the  contribution  which the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

The  Board  Diversity  Policy  specifies  that  in  the appointment of Directors will be based on meritocracy, and  candidates  will  be  evaluated  against  objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity of  the  Board.  Selection  of  candidates  will  be  based on a range of diversity perspectives, including but not limited  to  gender,  age,  ethnicity,  language,  cultural and educational background, industry and professional experience.

The  Nomination  Committee  is  responsible  for reviewing  the  diversity  of  the  Board,  and  it  will continue  to  monitor  and  evaluate  the  implementation of  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  from  time  to  time  to ensure  its  continued  effectiveness.  The  Nomination Committee  reviews  the  implementation  of  the  Board Diversity,  including  any  measurable  objectives  set for  implementing  the  Board  Diversity  Policy  and  the progress  on  achieving  these  objectives  on  an  annual basis.

Currently,  the  Board  comprises  eleven  members, i n c l u d i n g  t hree  executive  Directors,  four  nonexecutive  Directors  and  four  independent  nonexecutive  Directors.  The  Board  Diversity  Policy  is  well implemented  as  evidenced  by  the  fact  that  there  are currently  two  female  and  nine  male  Directors  ranging from  42  years  old  to  78  years  old  with  experience from  different  industries  and  sectors.  Our  Directors have a balanced mix of knowledge, skills, perspectives and  experience,  including  overall  management  and strategic  development,  business,  science,  investment, accounting and consulting. They obtained professional and  academic  qualifications  including  business administration,  applied  physics,  biological  sciences, English language and literature, and philosophy.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONT'D)

## Board Diversity Policy (cont'd)

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  diversity  of  the  Board  is  illustrated  as  below.  Further  details  on  the biographies and experience of the Directors are set out on page 36 to 49 of this annual report.

<!-- image -->

The Nomination Committee has reviewed the membership, structure and composition of the Board, and is of the opinion that the structure of the Board is reasonable, and the experiences and skills of the Directors in various aspects  and  fields  can  enable  the  Company  to  maintain  high  standard  of  operation.  Taking  into  account  our existing  business  model and specific needs as well as the different background of our Directors, in the opinion of  the  Board,  the  current  composition  of  the  Board  satisfies  our  Board  Diversity  Policy,  and  the  Board  and  the Nomination Committee will assess the Board composition regularly. We will also continue to take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Company, including but without limitation at the Board and senior management levels.

## Gender Diversity

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of December 31, 2022:

| Female  Male  Board  18.2% [2]  81.8% [9]  Senior Management  40.0% [4]  60.0% [6]  Other employees  62.5% [573]  37.5% [344]   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONT'D)

## Gender Diversity (cont'd)

The  Company  had  targeted  to  achieve  and  had achieved  at  least  18%  (2)  of  female  Directors,  40% (4)  of  female  senior  management  and  63%  (573)  of female  employees  of  the  Group  and  considers  that the  above current gender diversity is satisfactory. The Company  will  continue  to  maintain  gender  diversity on  the  Board  and  the  Nomination  Committee  will proactively  consider  the  increase  in  the  proportion of  female  members  when  selecting  and  making recommendations  on  suitable  candidates  for  Board membership. Through the Board Diversity Policy of the Company  and  the  annual  assessment  by  Nomination Committee  on  the  Board  structure,  the  Company could develop a pipeline of potential successors to the Board  to  achieve  gender  diversity.  Based  on  business development  and  operational  needs,  the  Company will take into full consideration of the following factors when recruiting its employees, including skills, age and gender diversity, and will strive to achieve a balanced proportion of our employee in skills, age and gender.

## Board Independence

The  Company  recognizes  that  Board  independence is  key  to  good  corporate  governance.  The  Company has  in  place  effective  mechanisms  that  underpin an  independent  Board  and  that  independent  views and  input  are  available  to  the  Board.  The  current composition  of  the  Board,  comprising  more  than  one third  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  and the  majority  members  of  the  Audit  Committee  are independent  non-executive  Directors,  exceeds  the independence  requirements  under  the  Listing  Rules. The  Remuneration  Committee  and  Audit  Committee are all chaired by independent non-executive Directors. The  remuneration  of  independent  non-executive Directors  are  subject  to  a  regular  review  to  maintain competitiveness  and  commensurate  with  their responsibilities  and  workload.  The  independence  of each  independent  non-executive  Director  is  assessed upon his/her appointment on an annual basis.

Directors  are  requested  to  declare  their  direct  or indirect  interests,  if  any,  in  proposals  or  transactions to  be  considered  by  the  Board  at  the  Board  meetings and  abstain  from  voting,  where  appropriate.  External independent  professional  advice  is  available  to  all Directors,  including  independent  non-executive Directors,  whenever  deemed  necessary.  The independent non-executive Directors have consistently demonstrated  strong  commitment  and  the  ability  to devote sufficient time to discharge their responsibilities at the Board.

The  Company  has  also  established  channels  through formal  and  informal  means  whereby  independent non-executive  Directors  can  express  their  views  in  an open  manner,  and  in  a  confidential  manner,  should circumstances requires.

## Dividend Policy

The  Company  has  never  declared  or  paid  regular cash  dividends  on  its  ordinary  Shares.  The  Company currently  expect  to  retain  all  future  earnings  for use  in  the  operation  and  expansion  of  the  business and  do  not  anticipate  paying  cash  dividends  in  the foreseeable  future.  Any  declaration  and  payment  as well as the amount of dividends will be subject to our constitutional  documents  and  the  Cayman  Companies Act.  The  declaration  and  payment  of  any  dividends in  the  future  will  be  determined  by  the  Board,  in  its discretion,  and  will  depend  on  a  number  of  factors, including  our  earnings,  capital  requirements,  overall financial  condition  and  contractual  restrictions.  Our Shareholders  in  a  general  meeting  may  approve  any declaration  of  dividends,  which  must  not  exceed  the amount  recommended  by  our  Board.  As  advised  by our  Cayman  legal  adviser,  under  the  Companies  Act, a  Cayman  Islands  company  may  pay  a  dividend  out of  either  profits  or  share  premium  account,  provided that  in  no  circumstances  may  a  dividend  be  paid  if this  would  result  in  the  company  being  unable  to pay  its  debts  as  they  fall  due  in  the  ordinary  course of  business.  In  light  of  our  accumulated  losses  as disclosed  in  the  Prospectus,  it  is  unlikely  that  we  will be  eligible  to  pay  a  dividend  out  of  our  profits  in  the foreseeable  future.  We  may,  however,  pay  a  dividend out of our share premium account unless the payment of such a dividend would result in our Company being unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## BOARD COMMITTEES (CONT'D)

## Dividend Policy (cont'd)

If  we  pay  dividends  in  the  future,  in  order  for  us  to distribute  dividends  to  our  shareholders,  we  will rely  to  some  extent  on  any  dividends  distributed by  our  PRC  subsidiaries.  Any  dividend  distributions from  our  PRC  subsidiaries  to  us  will  be  subject  to PRC  withholding  tax.  In  addition,  regulations  in  the PRC  currently  permit  payment  of  dividends  of  a PRC  company  only  out  of  accumulated  distributable after-tax  profits  as  determined  in  accordance  with  its articles  of  association  and  the  accounting  standards and  regulations  in  China.  For  details,  please  refer  to the paragraphs headed 'Risk Factors - Risks Relating to Doing Business in China - Payment of dividends is subject to restrictions under PRC law and regulations' and  'Financial  Information  -  Dividend'  in  the Prospectus.

## Nomination Policy

The Company has adopted a director nomination policy (the  ' Director  Nomination  Policy ')  in  accordance with  the  CG  Code.  The  Director  Nomination  Policy sets  out  the  selection  criteria  and  process  and the  Board  succession  planning  considerations  in relation  to  nomination  and  appointment  of  Directors of  the  Company  and  aims  to  ensure  that  the  Board has  a  balance  of  skills,  experience  and  diversity  of perspectives  appropriate  to  the  requirements  of  the Company's business.

The  Nomination  Committee  shall  identify,  consider and  recommend  to  the  Board  appropriate  candidates to  serve  as  Directors  and  to  make  recommendations to  the  Shareholders.  The  ultimate  responsibility  for selection  and  appointment  of  Directors  rests  with  the entire Board.

The  Nomination  Committee  will  recommend  to the  Board  for  the  nomination,  appointment  of  new Directors in accordance with the following procedures and  process:  (a)  the  Nomination  Committee  shall  first review  and  assess  factors  relating  to  the  diversity  of the  Board,  including  but  not  limited  to  professional experience,  skill,  knowledge  and  length  of  service, gender,  age,  cultural  and  education  background,  and give  consideration  to  the  candidate's  willingness  to devote adequate time to the Board and independence of  each  independent  non-executive  directors  based on  the  requirements  of  the  Listing  Rules  as  amended from time to time; (b) the Nomination Committee shall then nominate suitable candidates to the Board based on  the  then-current  and  anticipated  future  leadership needs  of  the  Company,  with  a  view  to  achieving a  sustainable  and  balanced  development  of  the Company.

For  the  re-election  of  Directors  at  the  general meeting,  the  Nomination  Committee  shall  review the  overall  contribution  and  service  to  the  Company of  the  retiring  Directors,  including  its  attendance at  Board  meetings,  Board  committee  meetings  and general  meetings  (if  applicable),  and  his/her  level of  participation  and  performance  on  the  Board.  The Nominating  Committee  shall  require  the  nominee to  submit  updated  biographical  information  and  the consent  to  be  appointed  as  a  Director;  and  should review  and  determine  whether  retiring  Directors  still meet the criteria for Director selection. The Nominating Committee  shall  then  make  recommendations  to  the Board on the re-election of Directors.

The  Nomination  Committee  shall  also  monitor  and review  the  implementation  of  the  nomination  policy, as appropriate from time to time, and will report to the Board annually.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTION

The Board has delegated the functions set out in code provision  A.2.1  of  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  to the Audit Committee.

The  Audit  Committee  would  (i)  develop  and  review the  Company's  corporate  governance  policies  and practices  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board; (ii)  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous professional  development  of  the  Directors  and  senior management of the Group; (iii) review and monitor the Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with legal and regulatory requirements; (iv) develop, review and monitor the code conduct and compliance manual (if  any)  applicable  to  employees  and  Directors;  and  (v) the Company's compliance with the CG Code from time to time adopted by the Company and the disclosure in the  Corporate  Governance  Report  to  be  contained  in the Company's annual reports.

The  Directors  are  encouraged  to  participate  in continuous  professional  development  to  develop and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills.  The  company secretary  of  the  Company  may  from  time  to  time  and as  the  circumstances  require  provide  updated  written training  materials  relating  to  the  roles,  functions  and duties  of  a  director  of  a  company  listed  on  the  Stock Exchange.

## DIRECTORS' RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibility  for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 which give a true and fair view of the affairs of the Company and  the  Group  and  of  the  Group's  results  and  cash flows.

The  management  of  the  Company  has  provided  to the  Board  such  explanation  and  information  as  are necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed assessment  of  the  Company's  financial  statements, which are put to the Board for approval. The Company provides  all  members  of  the  Board  with  monthly updates  on  Company's  performance,  positions  and prospects.

The  Directors  were  not  aware  of  any  material uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  which may cast significant  doubt  upon  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern.

The statement by the external auditor of the Company regarding  their  reporting  responsibilities  on  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  is set  out  in  the  Independent  Auditor's  Report  in  this annual report.

## CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to the code provision C.1.4 of the CG Code, all Directors should participate in continuous professional development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills  to  ensure  that  their  contribution  to  the  Board remains informed and relevant.

Pursuant  to  the  code  provision  C.1.1  of  the  CG  Code,  each  newly  appointed  Director  should  be  provided  with necessary  induction  and  information  to  ensure  that  he/she  has  a  proper  understanding  of  the  Company's operations and businesses as well as his/her responsibilities under relevant statues, laws, rules and regulations. During  the  year  ended  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Directors  were  regularly  briefed  on  the amendments to or updates on the relevant laws, rules and regulations.

All Directors, namely Dr. ZHANG, Mrs. Ping Ye ZHANG, Ms. Hong YE, Dr. Zhiyun YU, Mr. Jifeng GUAN, Mr. Fei CHEN, Mr.  Jun  YANG,  Dr.  Stephen  Newman  OESTERLE,  Mr.  Robert  Ralph  PARKS,  Mr.  Wai  Ming  YIP  and  Mr.  Huacheng WEI), have been updated with the latest developments regarding the Listing Rules and other applicable regulatory requirements  to  ensure  compliance  and  enhance  their  awareness  of  good  corporate  governance  practices.  In addition, continuing briefing and professional development to Directors will be arranged whenever necessary.

The Directors are asked to submit a signed training record to the Company on an annual basis.

## AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

Details  of  the  remuneration  paid  or  payable  to  PricewaterhouseCoopers,  the  external  auditors  of  the  Company, in respect of audit services and non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2022 are set out in the table below:

| Services rendered for the Company  Fees paid or  payable  RMB'000  Audit services:  4,121  Non-audit services (including tax and other advisory services):  930  Total  5,051   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The total amount of Auditor's Remuneration as disclosed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements is RMB5,051,000 which comprises non-audit services provided by external auditors in the total amount of RMB930,000.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The  Board  is  responsible  for  ensuring  that  the Company  establishes  and  maintains  appropriate and  effective  risk  management  and  internal  control systems, and make annual review on the effectiveness of  such  systems.  The  Audit  Committee  is  responsible for the internal audit. Qualified management personnel of  the  Company  will  also  maintain  and  monitor  the internal  control  system  on  a  going  concern  basis.  We also engaged an internal control consultant to perform certain procedures in respect of assessing our internal control  in  preparation  of  our  Listing.  Upon  completion of  such  procedures,  the  internal  control  consultant provided  us  with  a  number  of  assessment  results and  the  relevant  recommendations,  which  we  have adopted in  full.  Currently  we  have  a  series  of  internal control  policies,  procedures  and  programs  designed to  achieve  effective  and  efficient  operations,  reliable financial  reporting  and  compliance  with  applicable laws  and  regulations,  including  but  not  limited  to  the following:

- The  Board  receives  regular  updates  from  the management  team  and  reviews  the  Group's business  plan,  financial  results,  and  investment strategies  to  ensure  that  business  risks  are identified and managed;
- The  management  team  supervises  the  Group's business  performance  on  an  on-going  basis  via regular meetings with the respective departments and  project  teams  to  identify  potential  risks  and develop strategies to address such risks;
- We  have  adopted  various  policies  to  ensure compliance  with  the  Listing  Rules,  including but  not  limited  to  aspects  related  to  corporate governance,  connected  transactions,  notifiable transactions,  inside  information  and  securities transactions  by  the  Directors.  The  Company also  works  with  external  legal,  accounting,  tax, and  other  professional  consultants  at  various jurisdictions to ensure that it is in compliance with relevant laws and regulations;
- We  have  put  in  place  an  internal  audit  charter that  clearly  states  the  objectives,  organization, functions,  responsibilities  and  work  scope  of  our internal  audit  functions.  We  have  established  an internal  audit  department  that  is  responsible  for internal auditing and conducts independent review on operational activities, and reports to the senior management;
- Our  Code  of  Conduct  explicitly  communicates  to each  employee  our  values,  acceptable  criteria for  decision-making  and  our  ground  rules  for behavior.  We  also  put  in  place  anti-money laundering  policies  and  a  working  group  that  is responsible  for  monitoring  and  supervising  the implementation of the policies as well as the code of conduct.

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS (CONT'D)

The Board and its Audit Committee review the reports of  the  management  with  regard  to  risk  management and internal control on an annual basis. They also work together  to  review  the  effectiveness  of  the  relevant systems and procedural defects. If any material defects in internal control are found, the management and the Board have to make active responses and resolve the problems arose in the most appropriate way and, at the same time, review the existing systems and procedures to seek improvement and take remedial measures.

The  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems seek  to  manage  rather  than  eliminate  the  risk  of failure  to  achieve  business  objectives,  and  to  provide reasonable,  though  not  absolute,  assurance  that adequate  governance  and  controls  are  in  place  to address business risks or financial loss.

The  Company  understands  its  obligations  under  the SFO and the Listing Rules, and has set up procedures and  internal  control  measures  for  processing  and disclosing  inside  information.  It  will  make  public disclosure on inside information as soon as reasonably practicable  and  strictly  comply  with  the  Guidelines on  Disclosure  of  Inside  Information  issued  by  the Securities  and  Futures  Commission  when  handling matters involving inside information, strictly prohibiting unauthorized use of confidential or insider information.

The  Board  has  reviewed  the  risk  management  and internal  control  system  of  the  Group  for  the  year ended  December  31,  2022,  which  covers  financial, operational,  compliance  procedural  and  risk management  functions,  and  considers  them  efficient and  adequate.  Upon  review,  the  Board  was  also  of the  view  that  there  were  adequate  resources,  staff qualifications  and  experience,  training  programmes and budget of the Company's accounting, internal audit and financial reporting function.

## COMPANY SECRETARY AND PRIMARY CONTACT OF THE COMPANY

Directors  have  access  to  the  services  of  the  company secretary  to  ensure  that  the  board  procedures  are followed.  The  current  company  secretary  of  the Company  is  Ms.  Hing  Ling  CHAU.  Ms.  Pui  Chun Hannah SUEN has resigned as company secretary and authorized  representative  with  effect  from  June  17, 2022, and Ms. Hing Ling CHAU has been appointed as company secretary and authorized representative with effect from June 17, 2022.

Ms.  Hing  Ling  CHAU  has  the  necessary  qualifications and experience as required under Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Listing Rules. Ms. Chau is currently an executive director  of  corporate  services  of  Vistra  Corporate Services  (HK)  Limited.  She  has  over  twenty  years  of experience  in  the  corporate  services  industry.  She is  currently  the  company  secretary/joint  company secretary of certain listed companies.

In  compliance  with  Rule  3.29  of  the  Listing  Rules,  Ms. Hing Ling CHAU has undertaken not less than 15 hours of  relevant  professional  training  to  update  her  skills and knowledge during the Reporting Period. Ms. Hong YE is the Board Secretary of the Company, who acts as the main contact person of Ms. Hing Ling CHAU and the internal departments of the Company.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

To  safeguard  shareholders'  interests  and  rights,  a separate  resolution  will  be  proposed  by  the  chairman of  that  meeting  for  each  substantially  separate  issue at  Shareholder  meetings,  including  nomination  and election of individual directors.

All  resolutions  put  forward  at  Shareholder  meetings will  be  voted  on  by  poll  pursuant  to  the  Listing  Rules and poll  results  will  be  posted  on  the  websites  of  the Company and the Stock Exchange in a timely manner after each Shareholder meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS (CONT'D)

## (1) Procedures for Shareholders to convene an extraordinary general meeting

In  accordance  with  Article  12.3  of  the  Articles  of Association,  the  Board  may,  whenever  it  thinks fit,  convene  an  extraordinary  general  meeting. Extraordinary  general  meetings  shall  also  be convened on the written requisition of any one or more members holding together, as at the date of deposit of the requisition, shares representing not less  than  one-tenth  of  the  paid  up  capital  of  the Company which carry the right of voting at general meetings of the Company. The written requisition shall  be  deposited  at  the  principal  office  of  the Company  in  Hong  Kong  or,  in  the  event  the Company  ceases  to  have  such  a  principal  office, the  registered  office  of  the  Company,  specifying the  objects  of  the  meeting  and  signed  by  the requisitionist(s).  If  the  Board  does  not  within  21 days  from  the  date  of  deposit  of  the  requisition proceed  duly  to  convene  the  meeting  to  be  held within  a  further  21  days,  the  requisitionist(s) themselves or any of them representing more than one-half  of  the  total  voting  rights  of  all  of  them, may  convene  the  general  meeting  in  the  same manner,  as  nearly  as  possible,  as  that  in  which meetings may be convened by the Board provided that  any  meeting  so  convened  shall  not  be  held after the expiration of three months from the date of  deposit  of  the  requisition,  and  all  reasonable expenses  incurred  by  the  requisitionist(s)  as a  result  of  the  failure  of  the  Board  shall  be reimbursed to them by the Company.

## (2) Procedures  for  putting  forward  proposals at general meeting

There  are  no  provisions  allowing  Shareholders  to propose  new  resolutions  at  the  general  meetings under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands. However,  Shareholders  who  wish  to  propose resolutions may follow Article 12.3 of the Articles of  Association  for  requisitioning  an  extraordinary general meeting and including a resolution at such meeting.  The  requirements  and  procedures  of Article 12.3 are set out above.

As  regards  proposing  a  person  for  election  as a  Director,  the  procedures  are  available  on  the website  of  the  Company  at  www.peijiamedical. com.

## (3) Enquiries to the Board

Shareholders  and  investors  may  send  written enquiries or requests to the Company as follows:

Address:   8  Zhongtian  Street,  Suzhou  Industrial Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Attention: Ms. Qinyi Zuo

Email: ir@peijiamedical.com

Tel: +86-0512-81877166-5065

Enquiries  will  be  dealt  with  in  a  timely  and informative manner.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS RELATIONS

The  Company  considers  that  effective  communication with  Shareholders  is  essential  for  enhancing  investor relations  and  investor  understanding  of  the  Group's business  performance  and  strategies.  The  Company endeavours  to  maintain  an  on-going  dialogue  with Shareholders  and  in  particular,  through  annual general  meetings  and  other  general  meetings.  At  the forthcoming annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates  as  appropriate)  will  be  available  to  meet Shareholders and answer their enquiries.

The  Company  considers  that  effective  communication with  Shareholders  is  essential  for  enhancing  investor relations  and  understanding  of  the  Shareholders and  potential  investors  on  the  Group's  business, performance  and  strategies.  The  Company  also recognizes the importance of timely and non-selective disclosure  of  information,  which  will  enable Shareholders  and  investors  to  make  the  informed investment decisions.

The  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  (the ' AGM ')  provides  opportunity  for  Shareholders  to communicate directly with the Directors. The chairman of  the  Board,  the  chairmen  of  the  Board  Committees will attend the AGM to answer Shareholders' questions. The external  auditors  of  the  Company  will  also  attend the  AGM  to  answer  questions  about  the  conduct  of the audit, the preparation and content of the auditor's report and auditor independence.

To  promote  effective  communication,  the  Company adopts  a  Shareholders'  communication  policy which  aims  at  establishing  a  two-way  relationship and  communication  between  the  Company and  its  Shareholders  and  maintains  a  website at  www.peijiamedical.com,  where  up-to-date information  on  the  Company's  business  operations and  developments,  financial  information,  corporate governance  practices  and  other  information are  available  for  public  access.  Based  on  the abovementioned  measures,  the  Company  considers that its communication with its Shareholders during the Reporting Period was effective and adequate.

## CHANGES IN CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

The  Articles  of  Association  has  been  amended  and restated  with  effect  from  June  10,  2022,  and  are available  on  the  respective  websites  of  the  Stock Exchange and the Company.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  there  is  no  other  change  in constitutional  documents  of  the  Company  during  the Reporting Period.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ABOUT THE REPORT

## Overview

We  hereby  release  the  2022  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Report  (' ESG  report ')  of  Peijia  Medical Limited and its subsidiaries (' Peijia Medical ',  ' the Group ' or ' We ').  This report comprehensively explains our policies, measures and performance regarding all environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues in 2022.

## Boundary and scope

Unless  otherwise  stated,  this  report  covers  our  two  main  businesses  in  China,  which  are  'Transcatheter  Valve Therapeutic  Business'  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  ' Structure  Division ')  and  'Neurointerventional  Business' (hereinafter referred to as ' Neuro Division ').  Key performance indicators (KPIs) in environmental aspects cover the offices and factories of the Group in Suzhou and Shanghai in consistent with the ones in the 2021 ESG report.

Unless otherwise stated, this report covers the period from January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022.

## Reporting principles

This report is prepared in compliance with the ESG Reporting Guide ( 《環境、社會及管治報告指引》 ) in Appendix 27 of the Main Board Listing Rules of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited (' HKEx ') and follows the following principles:

Materiality: Key  ESG  issues  are  identified  through  materiality  assessment  and  relevant  information  on  the  key issues are disclosed in the ESG report.

Quantitative: Information  on  the  standards,  methodologies,  assumptions,  conversion  factors  used  to  calculate KPIs are disclosed.

Balance: This report provides an unbiased picture of our ESG performance.

Consistency: The  methodologies  used  to  disclose  ESG  information  in  this  report  are  consistent  with  the  ones used in the 2021 ESG report.

## 1. ESG MANAGEMENT

## 1.1  Board statement

The  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Group  (' the Board ')  is  the  highest  decision-making  body of  the  ESG  management  of  the  Group,  fully implementing ESG governance, reviewing the accomplishment  of  ESG  objectives  and  the effectiveness  of  ESG  risk  management  and internal control systems. Specific information on governance structure can be found in the 'ESG governance' section.

The material ESG issues have been identified t h r o u g h   stakeholder  engagement  and materiality  assessment  process,  as  detailed i n   t h e  'Stakeholder  engagement'  and 'Materiality  assessment'  sections  in  the report.

T h e   Board  actively  supervises  the management  of  the  Group's  material  ESG issues  and  periodically  reviews  the  progress of ESG work and the ESG reports.

## 1.2  ESG concept

Peijia Medical is a leading domestic player in the  interventional  procedural  medical  device market  in  China.  Following  the  corporate concept  of  'Dedication  with  Passion, Devotion  for  Life',  we  have  been  committed t o   maximizing  values  for  customers, employees, shareholders as well as society.

For  patients: t o  deliver  cutting-edge medical technologies and products to places where they are most in need

For medical staff: to achieve great success in  lives  by  synergizing  as  many  resources  as possible.

For the nation: using our best endeavors on promoting wellness in China.

Fully realizing the importance of sustainability, Peijia  Medical  has  incorporated  ESG  concept into  corporate  strategy  as  the  guidance  of daily  operation.  We proactively communicate with  key  stakeholders  and  make  every effort  to  alleviate  the  suffering  of  patients, promote  their  health,  and  create  value  for communities and the whole society.

## 1.3  ESG governance

The  Group  adheres  to  the  sustainable development  strategy  and  is  committed  to providing  innovative  medical  products  and services  for  society.  We  have  developed  an ESG  governance  structure  and  integrated ESG  management  concepts  such  as  product quality,  employee  management,  community development, business ethics,  and  operation compliance into our daily operation.

The  Board,  as  the  highest  decision-making body  of  the  ESG  management  of  the  Group, is  responsible  for  formulating  the  Group's ESG  strategy  and  objectives,  as  well  as consistently  evaluating,  prioritizing,  and managing  material  ESG-related  issues and  risks.  The  Board  also  reviews  the performance of the ESG management system and  the  progress  towards  ESG  objectives regularly.

To effectively  carry  out  ESG  work,  the  Group has  set  up  an  ESG  working  group  consisting of department heads and senior management members.  The  working  group  is  responsible for  the  implementation  of  ESG  work,  the compilation  of  annual  ESG  reports,  and regular reports of ESG matters to the Board.

## 1. ESG MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 1.4  Stakeholder engagement

We  maintain  close  communication  with stakeholders,  including  governments  and regulators,  shareholders  and  investors, employees,  doctors  and  patients,  suppliers and  distributors,  peers  and  industrial associations,  communities  and  the  public as  well  as  the  media  through  diverse channels  to  understand  their  expectations and  requirements  in  a  timely  manner,  which serves  as  an  important  reference  for  better ESG management and sustainability.

| Stakeholders  Expectations and requirements  Communication mechanisms  Government and regulators  •  Support for the local economy  •  Compliance with laws and regulations  •  Tax payment  •  Product safety and efficacy  •  Active participation in government's projects  •  Operation compliance  •  Participation in government's meetings  •  Registration communication  •  Adverse event reporting  Shareholders and investors  •  Corporate governance  •  Risk management  •  Continuous and stable business growth  •  Return of investment  •  Information disclosure  •  General meeting of shareholders  •  Roadshow  •  Investor meetings and communications  •  Website of HKEx  •  Website of the Group  Employees  •  Employee rights protection  •  Healthy and safe workplace  •  Welfare and benefits  •  Training and development  •  Regular survey feedback  •  Online and offline training  •  Employee activities and outings  •  'Lunch with senior management'  •  Seminar for new joiners  Doctors and patients  •  Privacy protection  •  High-quality products and services  •  Company hotline and email  •  Academic conferences  •  Department meetings  •  Clinical trials  Suppliers and distributors  •  Procurement compliance  •  Win-win cooperation  •  Business visits and meetings  •  Annual audit  Peers and industrial associations  •  Fair competition  •  Contribution to industrial exchange and  development  •  Industrial conferences  •  Industrial associations  Communities and the public  •  Support for local community development  •  Official website  •  Charity and volunteer activities  Media  •  Performance growth  •  Business impact on society  •  Press release and information disclosure  •  Interviews   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 1. ESG MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 1.5  Materiality assessment

In  response  to  the  requirements  set  out  in  the ESG  Reporting  Guide  ( 《 ESG 報告指引》 ) and  to  further clarify  the  expectations  of  internal  and  external  stakeholders  towards  ESG  management  issues  for  the Group, we have conducted the materiality assessment through the following steps:

Step  1  -  Identification  of  ESG  issues: In  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  the ESG  Reporting Guide  ( 《 ESG 報告指引》 ) and  taking  our  business  model  and  industrial  trends  into  consideration,  we identified 20 ESG issues that significantly impact our stakeholders.

Step  2  -  Assessment  of  materiality: Through  online  survey  questionnaires  and  face-to-face interviews, we invited stakeholders to assess and rank 20 ESG issues by considering their 'Importance to the Group' and 'Impacts on stakeholders' and formulated the Materiality Assessment Matrix.

Step  3  -  Verification  of  assessment  results: The  Board  and  senior  management  of  the  Group reviewed  and  confirmed  the  final  Materiality  Assessment  Matrix  after  it  was  reviewed  by  the  ESG working  group.  In  2022,  our  management  reassessed  the  materiality  issues  and  decided  to  follow  the results of 2020.

<!-- image -->

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Sound  corporate  governance  is  conducive  to integrity  in  business  and  quality  development  of an enterprise. Peijia Medical continues to optimize the  governance  structure,  to  act  with  integrity, and  to  earn  the  trust  of  shareholders,  customers and the public with robust corporate governance.

## 2.1  Governance structure

The  Board  has  11  members  and  three standing  committees,  namely  the  Audit Committee,  the  Remuneration  Committee, and  the  Nomination  Committee.  These committees  operate  in  accordance  with  the terms of reference established by the Board.

Bettered  corporate  governance  gradually  relies upon  a  diverse  Board.  Our Board  Diversity Policy  ( 《董事會多元化政策》 ) adopts  a  meritbased approach while considering diversity in gender,  age,  ethics,  race,  language,  cultural and  educational  background,  industry, professional  experience,  etc.  when  it  comes to  board  member  appointment.  In  2022,  the Board  had  4  independent  non-executive directors  and  2  female  directors.  Females accounted  for  40%  in  senior  management. In  addition,  the  Board  members  are  not only  experienced  in  the  medical  device industry  but  also  have  expertise  in  business management, finance, law, accounting, etc.

## 2.2  Integrity and anti-corruption

We adhere to business ethics and rigorously observe  the Criminal  Law  of  the  People's Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共和國刑 法》 ) ,  the I nterim  Provisions  on  Banning Commercial  Bribery  ( 《關於禁止商業賄賂行 為的暫行規定》 ) and  other  applicable  anticorruption  and  bribery  laws  and  regulations. Our  own  policies  including  the Antifraud Policy ( 《反舞弊管理制度》 ) specify constraints on  fraud  such  as  accepting  bribes  or kickbacks,  illegally  using  company  assets, providing false financial reports, and divulging the company's business or technical secrets, and  specify  strict  anti-fraud  requirements applicable to employees at all levels.

Moreover,  we  have  developed  a  sound management  and  supervision  structure  for business  ethics.  The  Group's  management is  responsible  for  maintaining  the  internal control system, setting up reporting channels and  implementing  control  measures  to reduce  the  risk  of  fraud  in  the  Group.  The Anti-Fraud  Office  has  been  established  for building  ethical  culture  of  the  Group  under the  guidance  and  supervision  of  the  Board. The  Finance  Department  is  our  permanent body for anti-fraud work, which organizes and executes cross-departmental anti-fraud work. Every employee is required to follow national laws  and  regulations  as  well  as  our  internal policies.

We also take corruption prevention seriously i n  our  business  dealings.  For  example, key  new  suppliers  are  required  to  sign  the Agreement  of Anti  Commercial  Bribery ( 《反 商業賄賂協議》 ) when  forming  business partnership with us.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.2  Integrity and anti-corruption (cont'd)

Strict  anti-corruption  measures are also in place in sales. To ensure integrity, we add anti-commercial bribery clauses into contracts with dealers or their platforms and have developed rigorous pricing and approval policies.

A  variety  of  anti-corruption  training  sessions  are  available  for  new  joiners,  senior  management,  and employees at other levels to ensure that all of them understand the Group's anti-corruption policy and the importance to follow it. In 2022, we held two sessions of anti-corruption training, and each employee received 2 hours of training in average.

<!-- image -->

Anti-corruption training

| Anti-corruption training  Unit  2022  Number of directors trained  Number  11  Number of senior management trained  Number  11  Number of middle management trained  Number  16  Number of first-line management trained  Number  82   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  number  of  senior  management  trained  includes  all  current  and  former  senior  management  who  worked  for  the Group in 2022.

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.2  Integrity and anti-corruption (cont'd)

We  encourage  employees  and  external stakeholders  to  report  any  suspected  fraud through the following channels:

- Email: eileenye@achievamedical.com
- Suggestion mailbox
- Anti-Fraud Office

Upon  receiving  a  report,  the  Anti-Fraud Office  will  conduct  an  investigation  to  verify the  case  and  report  to  the  Board.  For  those conclusive  violations,  we  will  take  corrective actions,  including  verbal  or  written  warning, or  dismissal  in  serious  cases.  Employees who break the law will be transferred to  the judicial authorities.

We will protect whistle-blowers in investigations and  will  prohibit  any  discrimination  or retaliation  against  whistle-blowers.  For  those who leak the information of the whistleblower or  take  retaliation  against  the  whistleblower, we  will  remove  them  from  current  positions or  dismiss  them.  Those  who  violate  the  law will  be  transferred  to  the  judicial  authorities. In  2022,  no  violations  related  to  corruption, bribery,  racketeering,  fraud,  or  money laundering were observed.

## 2.3  Marketing compliance

We  strictly  abide  by  the Advertising  Law of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華 人民共和國廣告法》 ) and  the Criteria  for the  Examination  and  Publication  of  Medical Apparatus Advertisements ( 《醫療器械廣告審 查發佈標準》 ) to always deliver authentic and accurate product information to consumers.

Under  our  strict  auditing  mechanism,  all marketing  information  is  jointly  reviewed carefully  by  R&amp;D  Department,  Registration Department  before  release.  Our  introduction materials  for  marketing  are  approved  by National Medical Products Administration and we have never made exaggerated promotion arbitrarily.  Meanwhile,  it  is  included  in  the basic  contractual  terms  that  distributors  can only advertise based on information provided by the Group and any distorted or fabricated promotion is prohibited.

To  strengthen  the  culture  of  marketing compliance,  we  have  prepared  diverse training courses for relevant departments.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.4  Intellectual property management

Protecting intellectual property is important to maintaining our core competitiveness. We strictly abide by  the Patent  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共和國專利法》 ) ,  the Trademark  Law of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共和國商標法》 ) and  other  relevant  laws  and  regulations, and  have  formulated  internal  policies  including  the Intellectual  Property  Management  Policy  ( 《知識產 權管理制度》 ) ,  the Intellectual  Property  Document  Control  Procedure  ( 《知識產權文件控制程序》 ) and the Technical  Secret  Management  Measures  ( 《技術秘密管理辦法》 ) based  on  the GB/T  29490-2013 Enterprise  Intellectual  Property  Management  Standards  ( 《企業知識產權管理規範》 (GB/T29490-2013)) for better invention, application, management and protection of intellectual property rights. In 2022, our intellectual property management system obtained a third-party certification.

Intellectual Property Management System Certification for Structure Division

<!-- image -->

In  2022,  we  followed  the Intellectual  Property  Management  Manual  ( 《知識產權管理手冊》 ) and  had three focuses in IP management, i.e. trademark registration, protection of technical secrets and patent protection.

- Trademark registration: identify registration risk - apply for registration - (if rejected) assess and reassess
- Protection of technical secrets: formulate the Technical Secret Management Measures ( 《技術秘密 管理辦法》 )
- Patent  protection:  improve  the  lifespan  patent  management  of  'product  initiation  -  R&amp;D  launch', and ensure all departments fulfil their responsibilities

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.4  Intellectual property management (cont'd)

We pay special  attention  to  whether  our  competitors  infringe  our  intellectual  property  rights.  For  any suspected events, we will refer to the procedure in the management manual and set up an emergency handling team to check if infringement exists and, if does, to work out countermeasures together with the legal, technical, and patent personnel, as well as external law firms.

We also strengthen overall business management to avoid infringing others' intellectual property rights.

<!-- image -->

Measures to avoid infringement of others' intellectual property at Peijia Medical

In  order  to  enhance  the  staff's  awareness  of  intellectual  property  rights  protection  and  encourage innovation, we have actively organized internal and external training. In 2022, we conducted 5 sessions of  training  on  intellectual  property  rights,  covering  basic  knowledge,  preparation  of  technology  patent disclosure  and  patent  application.  Meanwhile,  patent  engineers  were  arranged  to  attend  the  medical device summits and external training concerning intellectual property rights, so as to keep abreast of the new trends of the industry.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.4  Intellectual property management (cont'd)

Training on patent application at Peijia Medical

<!-- image -->

Training on patent information for research and development at Peijia Medical

<!-- image -->

We continue to increase our intellectual property holdings with our own technological innovations and purchase complementary intellectual property rights. As of December 31, 2022, we owned 101 patents granted in China and foreign jurisdictions, including 33 new patents granted in 2022.

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.5  Trade secret protection (cont'd)

Protecting  trade  secrets  is  an  important means  for  the  Group  to  safeguard  its  own rights  and  interests  and  promote  innovation. We  are  working  to  establish  a  trade  secret protection  system.  In  2022,  we  started  from technical secret protection and adopted new measures  in  terms  of  people,  place,  and confidential media.

- Document: All outgoing documents must pass the preliminary review of the Legal Department
- Full lifecycle confidentiality management for employees:
-  Sign  up  the  confidentiality  and non-competition  agreement and  onboarding  commitment letter;  incorporate  confidentiality provisions  into  the  employee handbook
-  C o n d u c t p r e - e m p l o y m e n t background  checks  for  key personnel,  promotion  audit  and end-of-service audit

## 2.6  Information  security  and  privacy protection

As  the  acceleration  of  digitalization  brings new  risks,  the  Group  spares  no  effort  to protect  its  information  security  and  the privacy of patients and employees. We strictly comply  with  national  laws  and  regulations such as the Cybersecurity Law of the People's Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共和國網絡安 全法》 ) , the Data Security Law of the People's Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共和國數 據安全法》 ) and  the Personal  Information Protection  Law  of  the  People's  Republic  of China  ( 《中華人民共和國個人信息保護法》 ) , and  have  formulated  the Regulations  on  the Management  of  Information  Security  ( 《信 息安全管理規程》 ) to  define  the  principles and  approaches  for  safeguarding  data  and personal information.

In  2022,  we  continued  to  optimize  authority management,  disaster  backup  and  software management  for  better  information  security management.  We  managed  the  wireless device  access  more  tightly.  Authentication would  be  required  before  logging  in  to  the intranet.  We  maintained  and  made  up  for the  data  backup  software,  and  improved the  backup  model  involving  the  production center,  local  disaster  recovery  center  and remote  disaster  recovery  center.  To  better r e c o v e r   f r o m  disaster,  we  purchased hyper-converged  infrastructure  server  to ensure  mutual  backup  between  machines through  hardware.  We  strictly  managed  our commercial  software  to  ensure  that  our employees  can  use  genuine  software.  In addition,  we  have  been  piloting  software audits  to  prohibit  the  copying  of  sensitive information  by  USB  disks  and  the  sending  of sensitive  data,  making  information  security protection stronger.

## 2. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (CONT'D)

## 2.6  Information  security  and  privacy protection (cont'd)

Work  from  home  was  adopted  during  the pandemic. To ensure the smooth function of new  work  model,  we  made  an  emergency purchase of a batch of dial-up VPNs, so that employees could access our intranet through VPN  to  reduce  virus  intrusion,  data  leakage and other information security hazards.

To raise employees' awareness of information s e c u r i t y   protection,  we  popularize i n f o r mation  security  knowledge  among our  employees  from  multiple  dimensions. In  particular,  we  have  added  information security  lecture  to  the  orientation  training for new employees, and updated information security terms in the employee handbook.

We  respect  the  privacy  of  our  patients, c u s t o m e r s ,   and  employees,  ensure compliant  use  of  personal  information,  and prohibit  disclosure  or  abuse  of  personal information. During the clinical trials, we sign confidentiality  agreements  with  hospitals  to protect  the  privacy  of  participants.  We  will notify the participants for a clinical trial in an Informed  Consent  Form  ( 《知情同意書》 ) that all trial information is strictly confidential and personal information such as the name of the participant  will  not  appear  in  any  published materials  or  reports  related  to  the  clinical trial.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS

Adhering  to  the  concept  of  'Dedication  with Passion,  Devotion  for  Life',  Peijia  Medical  always provides patients with safe and effective products for  health  promotion  by  technological  innovation, refined supplier management and better customer services.

## 3.1  Innovation First

## 3.1.1  Supporting research and innovation

As  a  medical  device  company,  the Group  takes  independent  innovation  as the  source  to  thrive.  We  follow  a  path of  independent  innovation  of  domestic medical devices and strive to be a leader in  the  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic medical  device  market  and  the neurointerventional  procedural  medical device market in China.

In  2022,  we  constantly  carried  out  R&amp;D activities  in  multiple  fields  with  fruitful achievements.

- The  National  Medical  Products Administration  (NMPA)  offered  an 'express way' for the third generation TaurusNXT ®   Transcatheter  Aortic Valve  System  and  the  HighLife ® T r a n s c a t h e t e r Mit r a l V a l v e Replacement  System  in  respect  of the Special Review and Approval for Innovative Medical Devices.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.1  Innovation First (cont'd)

## 3.1.1  Supporting  research  and  innovation (cont'd)

- The  launch  of  catheter  sheath products  was  a  success,  and  their performance  has  been  widely praised by industry experts.
- The  Trilogy TM   Heart  Valve  System of  JenaValve  has  passed  the  type testing,  and  the  application  for  the clinical trial has been initiated.
- The  type  testing  procedures  have been  conducted  on  the  fourthgeneration polymer leaflets.

In  2022,  Peijia  Medical  was  granted  the 'Municipal  Special  Fund  for  Building Advanced  Manufacturing  Base'  of Suzhou  and  became  a  core  force  of Suzhou in building innovation clusters for the biomedical industry.

I n  the  future,  more  efforts  will  be made  to  innovation.  Focusing  on unmet  demand  for  major  cutting-edge technology,  Peijia  Medical  will  increase capital  and  talent  investment  and  take an  active  part  in  the  construction  of  a system that brings  together  enterprises, universities,  research  institutions  and end-users.  Besides,  we  will  deepen our  cooperation  with  other  innovation carriers,  giving  full  play  to  our  leading role  to  drive  common  growth  with medium and small  enterprises  and  thus make  the  industry  chain  of  advanced materials more resilient.

## 3.1.2  Stimulating creativity

The  innovation  culture  we  create gives  birth  to  our  fruitful  innovation achievements.  With  the  intention  to i nspire  employees  to  innovate  and create  more  new  patents,  the  Group actively  carries  out  cross-departmental and intra-departmental activities such as 'brainstorming'  and  seminars  to  share information  about  market  demand  and industry trends.

We  strive  to  create  an  environment f o r   i n n o v a t i o n   where  employees are  motivated  to  innovate.  We  have formulated  the Incentive  Measures  for Employees'  Inventions  and  Creations ( 《員工發明創造獎勵辦法》 ) and  set  up the  annual  patent  award  to  encourage employee  innovation.  Our  management regularly  reviews  patent  proposals  and provide instruction on patent application. In 2022, we selected more than 10 major high-quality  patents,  held  two  patent proposal  review  meetings,  and  granted patent  rewards  to  33  employees.  As of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  133 R&amp;D  personnel  in  total,  and  invested RMB 373,127 thousand in R&amp;D.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.1  Innovation First (cont'd)

3.1.2  Stimulating creativity (cont'd)

The patent proposal review meeting

<!-- image -->

## 3.2  Supplier management

The  Group  has  established  a  partnership  of  mutual  trust  with  suppliers  to  provide  safe  and  effective products for patients.

We strictly abide by the Law of the People's Republic of China on Tenders and Bids ( 《中華人民共和國 招標投標法》 ) and other laws and regulations, and has formulated the Procurement Control Procedures ( 《採購控制程序》 ) and the Supplier Development and Management Control Procedures ( 《供貨商開發及管 理控制程序》 ) to regulate supplier management. We have built a supplier quality management team and optimized its functions this year. In particular, we have refined our management in supplier entry, review and exit, as well as supply risk.

We  have  various  stringent  access  standards  for  new  suppliers.  First  of  all,  we  conduct  preliminary screening on corporate qualification and legal compliance with reference to publicly available external information.  Then,  we  evaluate  the  business  condition,  registration  documents,  quality  management, production environment and production process of suppliers with online and on-site reviews. Access is granted only after the supplier passes the reviews of multiple departments.

We  conduct  annual  review  on  all  material  suppliers,  the  number  of  which  totalled  154  in  2022,  from five  perspectives,  namely,  service,  quality,  delivery,  process  stability  and  operational  risk.  For  issues identified, we will inform the supplier to make rectification based on management procedures. We will end cooperation with unqualified suppliers.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.2  Supplier management (cont'd)

In  our  interactions  with  suppliers,  we  also  attach  great  importance  to  the  impact  of  environmental and  social  risks.  We  expect  our  suppliers  to  comply  with  the  laws,  regulations  and  standards  related to  the  medical  devices  industry,  environmental  protection,  work  safety,  labor  management,  etc.  We encourage  suppliers  to  use  environmentally  friendly  products  and  suppliers  with  higher  sustainability performance will be preferred. We share the new trends of sustainable development of the industry with suppliers  during  training  sessions.  In  2022,  our  suppliers  shared  information  about  various  materials such as environmentally friendly packaging materials, environmentally friendly ink and degradable film, translating the concept of sustainability into packaging R&amp;D and design.

A supplier training session

<!-- image -->

In  addition,  the  recurring  outbreaks  of  COVID-19  and  difficult  macro  environment in recent years pose potential  risks  to  our  supply  chain.  We  take  a  series  of  measures  to  ensure  the  safety  and  stability  of our supply chain, including promoting domestic production of bottleneck items, reserving the supplier's capacity  in  advance,  empowering  self-production  of  upstream  materials  and  intermediate  products, improving the flexibility of time in production, providing quality instructions for suppliers, and promoting inventory decentralization of finished products.

As of December 31, 2022, the number of our suppliers at home and abroad was as follows:

| Number of suppliers by geographical region  Unit  2022  2021  China  Number  112  102  Overseas  Number  48  37   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Product safety and efficacy

Aspiring  to  excellence  in  quality,  the  Group  strives  to  improve  the  life  quality  of  patients  by  devoting itself to every product as if the product were produced for its own family member.

## 3.3.1  Quality management system

We strictly  abide  by  the Product Quality Law of the People's Republic of China ( 《中華人民共和國 產品質量法》 ) ,  the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Medical Device Production ( 《醫療器械生產監督管理辦法》 ) ,  the Good  Manufacturing  Practices  for  Medical  Devices  ( 《醫療器 械生產質量管理規範》 ) and other laws and regulations. Our Quality Management System is aligned to  various  laws  and  regulations  as  well  as  international  standards,  including  GMP  standards,  ISO 9001  and  the  ISO  13485:2016  Medical  devices  -  Quality  management  systems.  We  have  also obtained relevant third-party certification for our Quality Management System. Structure Division's laboratories  also  strictly  follow  the  standards  of  the  China  National  Accreditation  Service  for Conformity Assessment (CNAS) and are subject to regular supervision and review.

ISO 13485:2016

<!-- image -->

Our Quality Guidelines demonstrate our commitment to excellence in product and service quality:

- Efficient Compliance: We will ensure that our products and services meet the requirements of our partners and stakeholders through efficient and compliant processes.
- Continuous  Improvement: We  will  make  sustained  efforts  to  innovate  our  management approach and enhance our quality management through an innovative and integrated system.
- Pursuit  of  Excellence: We  will  continually  improve  our  quality  management  system  and improve  the  quality  of  our  products  and  services  to  make  sure  our  product  and  service  are always at levels of excellence.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Product safety and efficacy (cont'd)

3.3.1  Quality management system (cont'd) We  have  established  a  multi-level q u a l i t y   d o c u m e n t   management system,  including  'Quality  ManualProcedure  document-Quality  control documents-Forms  and  records'.  In 2022,  Neuro  Division  updated  the quality  management  manual  with  the quality  requirements  for  peripheral i n t e r v e n t i o n s   and  power  supplybased  products  to  further  improve  the document management.

## 3.3.2  Full lifecycle management for products

I t   i s  our  consistent  goal  to  pursue excellence  in  quality  and  ensure customer satisfaction. To ensure that the design, production, marketing and other procedures of our products can meet the requirements of relevant regulations and standards, we strictly control the quality of  our  products  in  each  stage  of  the lifecycle  and  maintain  the  effectiveness of  our  quality  management  system.  We have  developed  the Risk  Management and  Control  Procedures  ( 《風險管理控 制程序》 ) ,  and  use  scientific  tools  to identify,  analyze,  evaluate,  and  control risks of the whole process to ensure the safety and efficacy of products. We have established the Nonconformance Control Procedure ( 《不合格品控制程序》 ) ,  which stipulates the process and requirements for  processing and ensures that all nonconforming events in the whole product lifecycle  from  raw  material  purchase, production  process  to  product  delivery and use can be effectively identified and handled.

## · Design and development

I n   accordance  with  the  risk management  standards  under  ISO 14971:2007,  we  formulated  the Design  &amp;  Development  Control Procedure  ( 《設計和開發控制程 序》 ) to  control  and  standardize several  product  designs  and development  stages  including design  input,  design  output, design  review,  design  validation and  design  change.  In  respect of  animal  studies,  we  carry  out experiments in accordance with the Guiding  Principles  for  Registration and  Review  of  Animal  Studies  for Medical  Devices  ( 《醫療器械動物試 驗研究註冊審查指導原則》 ) issued by  the  National  Medical  Products Administration, GB∕T  16886.2-2011 Biological  Evaluation  of  Medical Devices  (Part  2  -  Animal  Welfare Requirements)  ( 《醫療器械生物學 評價第 2 部分動物福利要求》 ) and YY/T  1754.1  Pre-clinical  Studies f o r   Medical  Devices  (Part  1  Requirements  for  Animal  Studies) ( 《醫療器械臨床前研究第 1 部分動 物實驗》 ) .  We  generally  use  pigs and  sheep  for  animal  studies.  We negotiate  with  the  animal  study center  before  the  experiment  to determine a compliant experimental scheme, so as to avoid the abuse of animals and protect animal welfare.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Product safety and efficacy (cont'd)

## 3.3.2  Full  lifecycle  management  for  products (cont'd)

## · Purchase of raw materials

Based  on  relevant  purchasing procedures,  Structure  Division performs  strict  quality  inspection during  the  purchase.  Structure Division  requires  suppliers  to  sign quality  agreements.  If  there  is a  problem,  the  quality  team  will work  with  the  supply  chain  team to  deal  with  it.  To  further  meet its  requirements  of  'quality  over quantity',  Structure  Division  has introduced  the  supplier  coaching program. In 2022, Structure Division provided  several  rounds  of  onsite  coaching  for  suppliers  to  raise their  quality  awareness  of  the medical  device  industry.  Structure Division  actively  monitors  incoming materials  and  ensures  visual monitoring  of  the  whole  process. Raw  materials  are  subject  to  full inspection  or  sampling  inspection based  on  their  risk  levels.  The i ncoming  materials  are  marked with  unique  labels,  which  will  be input  into  the  ERP  system  before warehousing.

Neuro  Division's  purchasing process  is  also  under  serious control.  At  first,  the  purchasing personnel  purchases  based  on the  drawings  of  the  Technology Department. After receiving the raw materials,  the  quality  inspectors perform  inspection  according  to the  quality  inspection  document prepared  by  the  quality  engineer. Any  abnormality  is  subject  to  our nonconformance review and will be handled in a standard manner.

## · Production

T h e Group  i m p l e m e n t s t h e Production  and  Service  Delivery Control  Procedures  ( 《生產和服 務提供控制程序》 ) t o r e g u l a t e production  and  service  standard processes.  Under  the  requirements of  the Marking  and  Traceability Control  Procedures  ( 《標識和可 追溯性控制程序》 ) ,  we  maintain records  of  each  batch  of  products. The  quality  control  inspectors inspect  the  quality  of  our  products i n  accordance  with  the Product I n s p e c t i o n   Manual  ( 《產品檢驗 手冊》 ) ,   i n c l u d i n g  verifying  the product  labels  and  manuals  and confirming  that  the  products  are properly  packaged  and  sterilized. The  inspection  results  will  be d o c u m e n t e d , a n d t h e n o n conforming  products  will  be disposed of or destroyed.

We monitor the production process according  to  standard  operating procedure  documents  and  make video  archiving.  To  ensure  product quality,  we  conduct  sampling i nspection  or  full  inspection  on special  or  key  processes  and perform  on-site  inspection  and monitoring.  In  addition,  to  ensure a  clean  production  environment, we  invite  a  third-party  pest  control company  to  analyze  and  review the  pest  control  data  according to  materials  and  using  plans  on  a monthly and quarterly basis.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Product safety and efficacy (cont'd)

3.3.2  Full  lifecycle  management  for  products (cont'd)

## · Clinical trials

In  the  clinical  trial  phase,  we  follow all regulations and ethical standards such  as  the Standard  for  Quality Management  of  Medical  Device Clinical  Trials  ( 《醫療器械臨床試驗 質量管理規範》 ) .  We  carry  out  our research  strictly  under  the Clinical Evaluation  Procedures  for  Medical Devices  ( 《醫療器械臨床評估程序》 ) to  ensure  the  safety  of  the  clinical trial  processes.  All  the  clinical results and practices meet GCP and ICH-GCP standards.

We  only  select  hospitals  approved by  NMPA as clinical  trial  centers  to conduct  clinical  trials.  We  set  out the  purpose,  timeline,  structure, procedures,  methods,  and  risks of  clinical  trials  in  the  agreements with  hospitals.  We  keep  in  touch with  physicians  to  discuss  the clinical  trial's  details  and  provide t h e m  with  technical  trainings so  that  they  can  complete  the procedure  successfully.  Following t h e   approval  of  the  clinical t r i a l   protocol  by  the  selected institution's  ethics  committee,  we will  conduct  the  feasibility  trials and  the  confirmatory  trials  for  our products  before  commercialization. Each  participant  will  sign  the Informed  Consent  Form  ( 《知情同

意書》 ) and  be  fully  informed  of  the background of the trial and how the products work, as well as the rights of  participants.  Participants  have the  rights  to  choose  whether  to participate  or  withdraw,  and  to  use our  products  for  free.  Participants will  be  compensated  in  the  case  of any health damage due to the trial.

I n  the  process  of  clinical  trials, we  implement  procedures  like Reporting  Process  of  Severe Adverse  Events  ( 《嚴重不良事件 上報流程》 ) as  we  keep  constant monitoring  in  case  of  adverse reactions or quality problems of the medical  device.  We  also  follow  up the  trials  in  the  whole  process  and make  adjustments  needed  in  case of  adverse  events  to  ensure  the safety of trial participants.

- Warehousing of finished products For  finished  products,  we  test before  and  after  outsourcing sterilization  and  retain  samples of  different  batches  of  finished products.  We  test  for  initial c o n t a m i n a t i o n   bacteria  and particulates  before  outsourcing sterilization  of  finished  products. After sterilization, we will review the process  parameter  report  issued by  the  engaged  sterilization  party and conduct sampling inspection on the  finished  products  to  complete sterility  verification  and  product performance test.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Product safety and efficacy (cont'd)

3.3.2  Full  lifecycle  management  for  products (cont'd)

- Delivery and transportation

Before  delivery,  we  will  conduct extreme  tests  on  products  to simulate  the  problems  expected t o  be  encountered  during  the t r a n s p o r t a t i o n pr o c e s s a n d strengthen  the  product  protection. D u r i n g t r a n s p o r t a t i o n ,   we monitor  the  temperature  of  the transportation  vehicles  and  the temperature label of the product, so that the temperature of the product could  be  maintained  within  the range of 5-25°C.

## · Post-market surveillance

After  the  product  is  released  to  the market,  we  will  track  the  market reaction  through  various  channels and  improve  the  management  of post-market  risk  in  accordance  with the Feedback  Control  Procedures ( 《反饋控制程序》 ) and  the PostMarketing  Surveillance  Control Procedures ( 《上市後監督控制程序》 ) .

According  to  the  national  and l o c a l r e g u l a t i o n s   such  as  the Measures  for  the  Management  of the  Monitoring  and  Reevaluation of  Medical  Device  Adverse  Events ( 《醫療器械不良事件監測和再 評價管理辦法》 ) , Ci r c u l a r   by t he  National  Medical  Products Administration  on  Issuing  the Work  Guide  Regarding  Medical Device  Registrants  Conducting Adverse  Event  Monitoring  (No. 25  [2020])  ( 《國家藥監局關於發佈 醫療器械註冊人開展不良事件監 測工作指南的通告（ 2020 年第 25 號） 》 ) and Implementation Guide on Governance  and  Management  of

Entrusting  Production  by  Medical Device  Registrants  in  Shanghai (Trial)  (No.  36  [2018])  ( 《上海市醫療 器械註冊人委託生產治理管理體系實 施指南 （試行） （ 2018 年第 36 號） 》 ) , we have  formulated  the Management Procedure  on  Monitoring  and Reassessing  Medical  Device Adverse  Events  ( 《醫療器械不良事 件監測和再評價管理程序》 ) .  The document  specifies  the  processes of forming an adverse event leading group  and  dealing  with  an  adverse event,  as  well  as  the  processes of  collecting,  reporting,  analyzing, and  reassessing  adverse  events. We  collect  information  on  adverse events  through  channels  such  as the  customer  complaint  team,  the CS  (Clinical  Support)  team  and  the Customer  Feedback  Form .  After receiving  the  information,  the specially-assigned  personnel  will start  to  handle  the  adverse  event, and the result will be jointly judged by  the  Marketing  Department, Quality Department and Technology Department.  If  the  event  results from  misoperation  by  the  doctor, the  marketing  team  will  notify the  sales  team,  who  will  provide corresponding operation training for customers. If the product really has safety  problems,  we  will  suspend the  production  and  sales,  disclose risk  information,  inform  relevant authorities, and recall such product according  to  the Advisory  Notice and  Recall  Control  Procedures  ( 《忠 告性通知和產品召回控制程序》 ) .  In 2022,  no  product  recall  regarding safety and health issues occurred.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Product safety and efficacy (cont'd)

3.3.2  Full lifecycle management for products (cont'd)

- Post-market surveillance (cont'd)

To understand the performance of the product in the market and to continuously pay attention to  the  safety  and  health  of  users,  we  also  conduct  clinical  tracking  after  the  product's  entry into  the  market  and  conduct  regular  risk  assessments  by  referring  to  the  database  of  the Food and Drugs Administration (FDA), periodical literature, public reporting, conferences, etc. relating to the similar product.

## 3.3.3  Quality training and publicity

We  hope  that  every  employee  can  understand  and  practice  Peijia  Medical's  pursuit  in  excellent quality.  Therefore,  we  provide  the  employees  with  all-round  training  monthly  to  increase  their quality  awareness  and  quality  management  capability,  according  to  the  annual  training  plan. Besides  the  internal  training  and  assessments,  Structure  Division  also  encourages  employees  to participate in training on the relevant laws and regulations organized by the local medical products administration  and  involve  external  experts  to  share  best  industry  practices  regularly  with  our people.  In  addition,  Structure  Division  encourages  employees  to  obtain  external  certificates  by reimbursing  the  examination  expenses,  in  order  to  help  them  improve  their  work  ability.  Besides including quality management content in the orientation training for new employees, Neuro Division also  emphasizes  the  importance  of  quality  management  to  department  heads  in  daily  work.  All employees  in  the  Neuro  Division  Chemistry  Laboratory  hold  the  certificates  required  for  their respective positions. In addition, Neuro Division also attaches great importance to external training opportunities and encourages employees to receive training on the latest laws and regulations, the ISO 13485 and GMP standards, as well as quality tools and skills.

## [Case study] Neuro Division improved employees' quality management capability by providing training on updates of inspection documents

In  2022,  after  having  updated  the  QPI  contents of  the  inspection  documents  on  balloon guiding  catheters,  Neuro  Division  organized  a training  session  for  all  inspectors  on  purchased materials,  processes  and  finished  products to  help  them  fully  understand  the  updated contents.  During  the  training,  the  quality engineer  focused  on  the  explanation  to  the updated  contents  to  help  the  inspectors  have a  better  understanding  of  the  new  inspection standard and improve their quality management capability.

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.4  Customer service

We are dedicated to customer communication and customer services. With a prudent and life-respecting attitude, we safeguard every surgical operation as well as the health of every patient.

We realize  efficient  communication  with  our  customers  in  many  ways.  Our  customers  mainly  include distributors and doctors. Usually, we do not have direct contact with patients, but they can contact us either  through the doctors or in a direct way in case of any doubt. The feedback from customers is a driving force for us to continuously optimize services and innovate products.

## [Case study] Holding a distributor conference to enhance communication

On  September  27,  2022,  Peijia  Medical  held  a  distributor  conference,  on  which  55  representatives across  the  country  had  in-depth  communication.  At  the  conference,  members  of  Peijia  Medical's senior  management  made  a  detailed  introduction  to  the  overall  situation  of  the  product  planning and  innovation  platform,  the  research  and  development  situation  of  the  innovative  product  line, the marketing strategy of Peijia Medical, sales and channel strategies, etc. Furthermore, they had a face-to-face  communication  with  the  representatives  in  regard  to  distributors'  concerns.  After  the conference, the participants paid a visit to our factory, whereby they had a better understanding of the R&amp;D and production of our heart valves.

The gathering enhanced the communication between Peijia Medical and its distributors. At the same time, it also facilitated the win-win cooperation between both parties so that we can work together to provide patients with better products.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Front-line  staff  will  visit  distributors  and  platform  providers  for  feedback  and  share  it  at  the  weekly meetings so that follow-up actions will be taken. At the end of each year, Structure Division launches the Nationwide Customer Satisfaction Inquiry for the purpose of analyzing customers' suggestions. In 2022, the distributors across the country were 100% satisfied with the quality of Structure Division's products.

To get feedbacks from hospitals and doctors, we have multiple teams to perform the duties of their own. For instances, the sales team regularly holds meetings on product evaluation with doctors; the clinical technical support team gets feedback from the operation period by assisting in each operation; and the medical team is responsible for the interpretation and communication on special cases. We will follow up all the feedback according to the procedure and communicate the results to the customers in a written report.

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.4  Customer service (cont'd)

We  also  attached  great  importance  to  the  communication  with  customers.  By  regularly  visiting customers  and  holding  department  meetings,  we  aim  to  discover  potential  problems  of  the  product. In  addition,  customers  can  also  directly  contact  us  to  offer  feedback  via  the  e-mail  and  the  telephone number  attached  onto  the  product  package.  In  2022,  Neuro  Division  participated  in  academic conferences  held  in  Beijing,  Xiamen,  Chongqing,  Shanghai,  etc.  Its  representatives  discussed  relevant protocols with experts from prestigious hospitals and collected their feedback.

Neuro Division at the 18th China Forum of Cerebrovascular Diseases

<!-- image -->

Neuro Division at the academic conference of Zhongshan Hospital (Xiamen), Fudan University

<!-- image -->

## 3. CARING FOR PATIENTS (CONT'D)

## 3.4  Customer service (cont'd)

Whatever  the  problem,  we  will  promptly respond  with  a  satisfying  solution.  When any  problem  occurs,  the  customer  or distributor  can  contact  the  sales  personnel, fill  in  the Customer  Feedback  Form and return  the  product.  We  will  get  all  the problems  sorted  out  within  two  days  before conducting  investigations  and  analysis.  The analysis  result  will  be  sent  to  the  customer or  distributor  within  two  weeks.  Upon meeting  the  requirement,  product  return or  replacement  will  start  from  the  fourth week. In 2022, the Group did not receive any complaint.

We  have  multiple  training  teams,  and  each performs  its  own  function  responsibly  by providing  customers  with  comprehensive training  to  further  enhance  cooperation. At  the  distributor  end,  we  provide  new distributors  with  training  on  warehousing, logistics and transportation of valve products to  ensure  constant-temperature  and  coldchain  transportation.  In  addition,  we  also give  training  on  product  and  operation method  introduction  so  that  distributors will  be  capable  of  providing  basic  services. Moreover,  we  also  participate  in  the systematic  training  provided  by  the  platform together  with  distributors  in  order  to  fully understand  the  ordering  process.  At  the doctor  end,  we  provide  doctors  and  the operation  team  with  training  on  operations, product  features  and  operation  assistance services.

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES

The  sustainable  innovation  ability  of  Peijia Medical  comes  from  its  professional  talent teams.  By  continuously  optimizing  the  talent management  policy,  providing  employees  with competitive  compensation,  patiently  hearing  the voice  of  employees,  and  creating  a  tolerant  and harmonious  working  environment,  Peijia  Medical hopes  that  every  employee  can  fully  exert  their potential and create values.

## 4.1  Employment equality

The Group strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations such as the Labor Law of the People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共和 國勞動法》 ) and  the Labor  Contract  Law  of the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人民共 和國勞動合同法》 ) ,  protecting  the  legitimate rights  and  interests  of  every  employee.  We have  formulated  the Employee  Handbook ( 《員工手冊》 ) ,  which has detailed stipulations on employment and dismissal, compensation and  benefits,  performance  assessment, rewards  and  punishments,  training  and development,  etc.  Employees  are  entitled to  take  leaves  according  to  the  law.  In  2022, we implemented the national policy  on  child care  by  prolonging  the  maternity  leave  and providing additional child care leave.

We prohibit all forms of child labor and forced labor.  We  will  conduct  a  reference  check with  the  consent  of  job  applicants.  In  case of  any  violation,  we  will  deal  with  it  in  strict accordance  with  the  laws  and  regulations. In  2022,  the  Group did not have any incident regarding child labor and forced labor.

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.1  Employment equality (cont'd)

We  also  aim  to  create  an  equal,  diversified,  and  tolerant  working  environment  and  resist  any discrimination on grounds of nationality, gender, religious belief, disability, age, health condition, marital status, fertility status, sexual orientation, etc. We treat all employees fairly and equitably, ensuring equal opportunities and rights on recruitment, promotion, training, etc.

| General information  Unit  2022  Total workforce  Number  927  Workforce by employment type  Full-time employees  Number  875  Contractors  Number  52  Workforce by gender  Male  Number  350  Female  Number  577  Workforce by age group  &lt;30 years old  Number  339  30-50 years old  Number  579  &gt;50 years old  Number  9  Workforce by geographical region  Shanghai, China  Number  123  Suzhou, China  Number  626  Others  Number  178  Employee turnover  Unit  2022  Total employee turnover  %  18.2  Employee turnover by gender  Male  %  21.3  Female  %  16.1  Employee turnover by geographical region  Shanghai, China  %  13.4  Suzhou, China  %  19.9  Others  %  14.8  Employee turnover by age group  &lt;30 years old  %  17.1  30-50 years old  %  19.0  &gt;50 years old  %  0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Formula of turnover rate: turnover rate of the category = number of dismission of the category/ (total employees in the year-end of the category + number of dismission of the category) * 100%.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.2  Fair and competitive compensation and benefits

The  Group  strictly  adheres  to  laws  and regulations such as the Social Insurance Law of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人 民共和國社會保險法》 ) ,  the Regulations  on Paid  Annual  Leave  of  Employees  ( 《職工帶薪 年休假條例》 ) and  the Regulations  on  Labor Protection of Female Workers ( 《女職工勞動保 護規定》 ) .  We  make  monthly  contributions  to all  statutory  insurances  for  employees,  such as endowment insurance, medical insurance, maternity  insurance,  work-related  injury insurance,  unemployment  insurance  and housing  provident  fund.  In  2022,  we  further improved  the  benefits  supporting  system  by upgrading  the  critical  illness  insurance  and the  accident  insurance  in  the  supplementary commercial insurance for the employees.

Creating  a  compensation  system  that  is 'externally  competitive  and  internally  fair' is  our  unremitting  pursuit.  For  professionals such as R&amp;D engineers, registration engineers and  medical  engineers,  the  Group  provides them with  highly  competitive  compensations and  house  rent  subsidies.  For  functional posts,  we  will  comply  with  the  local compensation standard and offer appropriate compensations.  With  a  fair  performance assessment  system  in  place,  we  conduct comprehensive  assessments  for  employees through  performance  scoring  both  within the  department  and  across  departments annually.  In  addition,  we  also  provide employees in different lines of functions with incentives  such  as  bonus,  end-of-the-year bonus and stock equities.

## 4.3  Creating a safe workplace

The Group strictly abides by the relevant laws and regulations such as the Work Safety Law of  the  People's  Republic  of  China  ( 《中華人 民共和國安全生產法》 ) and  the Law  of  the People's Republic of China on the Prevention and  Control  of  Occupational  Diseases  ( 《中 華人民共和國職業病防治法》 ) .  Additionally, we  have  formulated  the Rules  for  the Administration  of  Safe  Production  ( 《安全生 產管理規程》 ) to ensure that employees carry out  their  work  in  a  safe  and  healthy  work environment.

I n   2022,  we  set  the  'zero  production accident'  annual  safety  goal  as  part  of our  efforts  to  further  enhance  safety management. The measures are as follows:

- Accepting  the  inspections  from  the safety  supervision  authorities  and  the municipal  administration  authorities, and  voluntarily  inviting  a  third-party organization to assess safety risks;
- Setting  up  a  Safety  Inspection  Team, conducting  safety  inspection  weekly  to eliminate safety risks;
- I mproving  the  polishing  technology, purchasing 3 thermal treatment furnaces and  adding  an  automatic  lifting  device to  reduce  the  safety  risk  of  employee operation, and providing employees with protective equipment such as gloves and face shields;
- Equipping  the  warehouse  with  fire extinguishers,  fire  hydrants,  fire sprinklers  and  fire  alarms,  and  ensuring regular patrols and ventilation;

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.3  Creating a safe workplace (cont'd)

- Placing  hazardous  chemicals  in  a  sorted  way,  and  providing  operators  with  the  five  protective necessities such as gloves, ear plugs and gas masks;
- Equipping first-aid kits in the office and production areas and eyewash equipment in the laboratory areas;
- Carrying out the annual fire drill.

In  terms  of  occupational  health,  besides  the  conventional  annual  medical  check-ups,  we  also  provide occupational  health  examinations  for  holders  of  jobs  that  involve  solution  preparation,  production solution contact, ultrasound contact, laser cutting, etc.

To  further  strengthen  the  employees'  awareness  on  safety  protection,  we  provide  multiple  training sessions  such  as  the  new  employee  orientation  training  and  the  department  quarterly  training.  In addition,  team/shift  leaders  provide  employees  with  safety  training  on  an  irregular  basis  to  ensure that  they  understand the operation standards and bear the importance of safety in mind. In 2022, the Group  successfully  achieved  the  annual  safety  target  of  'zero  production  accident'  and  has  not  had any  work-related  fatalities  for  three  consecutive  years.  In  2022,  the  Group  lost  10  person-days  due to  work-related  injuries  from  production  accident  and  lost  66  person-days  due  to  other  work-related injuries.

| Occupational health and safety  status  Unit  2022  2021  2020  Work-related deaths  Number  0  0  0  Total working days lost due to work-  related injuries  Person-day  76  182  169   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.4  Building a lifelong learning culture

Talent cultivation is of critical importance to Peijia Medical. Based on pressing demands, Peijia Medical enables all employees to keep the pace with its rapid and continual development through professional development systems and training courses. In 2022, the Group updated the Employee Handbook ( 《員工 手冊》 ) and built a talent cultivation system to enable more scientific and systematic talent management and cultivation.

Talent cultivation system of Peijia Medical

<!-- image -->

By  exploiting  the  potential  of  every  employee,  we  hope  to  help  them  become  more  professional  and have  a  broader  view.  We  set  the  operation  sequence  (O),  profession  sequence  (P)  and  management sequence  (M)  to  meet  the  promotion  and  development  demands  of  employees  at  different  lines  of functions and levels. In addition, we also provide employees with job transfer opportunities to help them reach their career development goals of becoming management talents or professional talents.

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.4  Building a lifelong learning culture (cont'd)

In  2022, centering on 'post requirements' and 'employment development' and based on the previous training  projects,  we  conducted  surveys  and  interviews  to  figure  out  the  demands  and  pain  points  on talent  cultivation,  and  formulated  the  annual  training  plan  accordingly.  The  training  plan  covered  six categories  such  as  professional  technology,  management  capability,  office  work  skills  and  compliance knowledge.

## [Case study] The 'talent cultivation plan' for new joiners to assimilate quickly into Peijia Medical

To  help  new  employees  quickly  integrate  into  Peijia  Medical  and  build  a  reserve  force  of  talents, we  launched  the  'talent  cultivation  plan'  for  new  employees,  which  involves  senior  management, supervisors, and new employees themselves. The 180-day mentoring and adaptation plan will enable new employees to fully understand the corporate culture and assimilate into Peijia Medical, and to develop  the  working  skills  required  for  their  respective  positions  as  soon  as  possible.  The  'talent cultivation plan' includes: the Buddy plan, helping new employees build interpersonal networks and gain  skills;  periodic  face-to-face  talks  between  supervisor  and  new  employees;  and  face-to-face talk  between  senior  management  and  new  employees  every  two  months  to  address  personalized demands of new employees.

In  2022,  to  facilitate  the  development  of  new  employees,  we  held  a  total  of  10  orientation  training sessions  and  5  conversaziones  between  new  employees  and  senior  management,  completed  the FST certificate granting for 10 employees, formed 27 pairs of buddies, formulated special cultivation plans for 15 fresh graduates and prepared 2 mentoring handbooks for new employees' supervisor and buddies.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.4  Building a lifelong learning culture (cont'd)

## [Case study] P-sequence 'R&amp;D Project Management Thinking and Behavior' training for management ability improvement

To improve the project management of R&amp;D team and upstream and downstream departments, we organized the ' R&amp;D Project Management Thinking and Behavior ' training from July 29, 2022 to July 30, 2022 based on preliminary demand interview.

We  carried  out  the  training  in  the  form  of  workshops  where  our  employees  can  learn  skills  and put  what  they  learned  into  practise,  and  helped  them  understand  the  key  points  on  project communication  and  decision-making  through  experiential  activities.  36  trainees  were  divided  into six  study  teams  for  study  and  discussion  under  the  guidance  of  experienced  trainers.  Through  two days of study and engagement, the trainees mastered typical management tools and approaches and improved their way of thinking in project management.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

In  addition,  we  also  cooperated  with  a  well-known  consulting  firm,  CEIBS  Business  Online,  to  deliver high-quality  and  systematic  management courses for M-sequence employees. To upgrade the skills of O-sequence frontline team leaders and reserve talents with core skills, we organised two trainings on ' Structural Work Reporting Skills '.

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.4  Building a lifelong learning culture (cont'd)

We also encourage our employees to pursue further education and obtain higher academic qualification by  proactively  cooperating  with  colleges  and  universities  in  Suzhou  and  paying  three-year  tuition  for employees who had passed the academic examinations.

| Training  Unit  2022  Proportion of employees participated in training by employee category  Senior management  %  1.1  Middle-level management  %  1.9  Other employees  %  97.0  Proportion of employees participated in training by gender  Male  %  37.4  Female  %  62.6  Average training hours by employee category  Senior management  Hours  20.3  Middle-level management  Hours  23.9  Other employees  Hours  22.2  Average training hours by gender  Male  Hours  22.0  Female  Hours  22.4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4.5  Advocating open communication

We advocate open communication and listen attentively to the views and feedback from our employees. We  collect  true  feedback  from  employees  through  various  channels.  Our  Human  Resource  Business Partner  (HRBP)  at  each  business  department  makes  an  active  effort  to  communicate  with  employees in  the  department  and  care  about  their  work  and  life.  Our  employees  also  can  directly  communicate with relevant HR or leaders in the Enterprise WeChat group. Besides, we have created a 'First Vision' video  program  to  share  excellent  performance  of  outstanding  employees  and  teams  in  Peijia  Medical with  our  staff  on  a  monthly  basis.  Furthermore,  we  organised  various  communication  activities,  such as  the  'Lunch  with  senior  management' where the principals of business departments were arranged for  one-to-many  communication  with  employees  in  their  departments.  Workshops  were  held  for  new joiners where new employees can directly communicate with senior management, and communication meetings  were  organised  on  a  quarterly  basis  to  share  with  our  people  the  developments  of  Peijia Medical,  challenges  we  face  and  employee  expectations.  Our  senior  management  shared  career planning,  company  strategy  and  management  experience  through  the  'Senior  Management  Forum'. Diverse  communication forms help our employees communicate with leaders at all levels, building an efficient and mutual-trust communication atmosphere.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.5  Advocating open communication (cont'd)

## [Case study] Workshop on 'Talent Cultivation Plan' to enhance new employees' understanding of Peijia Medical

On  October  26,  2022,  35  new  employees  participated  in  the  workshop  on  'Talent  Cultivation  Plan' and  shared  their  feelings  and  experiences  since  onboarding.  At  the  workshop,  Dr.  Yi  Zhang,  our chairman of the Board and chief executive officer, also shared the entrepreneurial journey, product layout,  competitive  advantages,  and  future  development  of  Peijia  Medical.  In  2022,  we  organized 6  workshops  between  senior  management  and  new  employees.  Face-to-face  communication  with senior management can help new employees learn about Peijia Medical and gain job experience.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.5  Advocating open communication (cont'd)

## [Case study] 'Senior Management Forum' for strategic operation and employee ability enhancement

On  August  30,  2022,  more  than  40  frontline  managers  participated  in  the  first  session  of  Senior Management Forum online and offline. In the session, Mr. Kongrong Pan, our chief operating officer, delivered  a  speech  themed  ' Three  Forces  Integrated  to  Back  Up  Peijia  -  Technology,  Product  and Market ', sharing the product layout, market prospects and competitive advantages of Peijia Medical.

On October 28, 2022, we held the second session of Senior Management Forum. In the session, Chen Wang, the general manager of Neuro Division, delivered a speech themed ' Experience and Growth in  the  Role  of  Manager '  to  us,  sharing  the  study  and  growth  path  for  managers,  and  60  frontline managers participated in the Forum.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.6  Improving work experience

We insist on improving work experience for employees in their work and growth and bring out the best of  every  employee  to  create  diversified  values  and  achieve  win-win  outcome.  We  are  very  willing  to share  employees'  joy  brought  about  by  every  progress  in  their  careers.  Upon  successful  registration of  products,  we  will  celebrate  with  our  people  and  deliver  gifts  to  them.  We  always  give  out  welfare cards and presents to our people on their birthdays and festivals such as Women's Day, Dragon Boat Festival and Mid-Autumn Festival. Meanwhile, we also care about employees' physical and mental health by  organizing  donations  to  family  members  of  employees  who  suffered  from  disease  and  providing psychological counselling service.

The Dragon Boat Festival presents for employees

<!-- image -->

We  also  hope  our  employees  can  keep  their  mind  on  work  and  enjoy  a  happy  life.  Our  departments organize team building activities including inter-departmental fellowship and mountain climbing. We set up a 'Vitality Club', gathering more than 100 members to attend badminton, basketball, and other sports activities every week.

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.6  Improving work experience (cont'd)

Team Building for Operation Department

<!-- image -->

Team Building for Valve Sales Department

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.6  Improving work experience (cont'd)

Team Building for Technical Department

<!-- image -->

Team Building for Production Department

<!-- image -->

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

- 4.6  Improving work experience (cont'd)

<!-- image -->

Team Building of HR Department

Basketball Activities of Vitality Club

<!-- image -->

Badminton Activities of Vitality Club

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 4. CARING FOR EMPLOYEES (CONT'D)

## 4.6  Improving work experience (cont'd)

Ping-Pong Activities of Vitality Club

<!-- image -->

In  2022, Suzhou and Shanghai were reeling from the COVID-19 pandemic again, putting all of us under severe challenges. In Suzhou, we delivered relief materials to the employees under quarantine, and set up nucleic acid test sites in the office to guard employee health. In Shanghai, we made efforts to provide living  materials  for  our  employees  and  cared  for  those  temporarily  trapped  during  the  pandemic  by organizing online activities.

## [Case study] Assistance to employees under pandemic lockdown and care for their physical and mental health

In  2022,  the  pandemic  lockdown  in  Shanghai  added  difficulties  to  transportation  of  living  materials. With  joint  efforts,  we  delivered  'food  package',  including  fresh  vegetables,  fruits,  meat,  eggs, and  milk,  to  our  employees  and  their  families  in  Shanghai.  At  the  same  time,  we  encouraged our  employees  to  actively  participate  in  sports  and  study  by  adopting  the  prevalent  mode  of companionship  through  groups.  47  employees  in  Shanghai  established  groups  covering  sports, psychology study and reading, and marked their study progress for 445 times in total.

## 5. CARING FOR ENVIRONMENT

Peijia Medical rigorously abides by the Environmental Protection Law of the People's Republic of China ( 《中華 人民共和國環境保護法》 ) , the Law on the Prevention and Control of Environmental Pollution by Solid Wastes of the People's Republic of China ( 《中華人民共和國固體廢物污染環境防治法》 ) and other applicable laws and regulations. Upholding the principle of green and low-carbon development, we insist on energy conservation and  emission  reduction  in  production  and  office  procedures  and  collaborate  with  stakeholders  to  build  a sustainable future.

We work hard to implement relevant policies in an effort to reduce energy and resource loss and minimize the  impact  of  operation  on  the  environment.  In  2022,  the  Group  has  abided  by  all  the  applicable  laws  and regulations on environmental protection.

## 5.1  Energy use and GHG emissions

We are well aware of the importance of energy saving and emission reduction, and proactively conserve energy by means of optimized process and off-peak production in the production procedure. To reduce the power load of the power grid, we carry out off-peak production by putting the equipment with high electricity consumption into production at night shift. Moreover, Structure Division optimized the storage space  of  temperature-controlled  raw  materials,  transforming  from  using  many  refrigerators  to  store biological  materials  to  shelves  in  the  cold  storage.  The  storage  capacity  expands  to  18,000  pericardia and 14,000 discs after optimization, significantly improving space utilization and energy efficiency.

We uphold the concept of green operation. In office areas, we turn off half of the lights in public areas and gradually replace them with LED lights. In workshop areas, we turn off lights during the lunch breaks to  save  workshop  energy  while  providing  our  employees  a  more  comfortable  environment  for  rest. We are  dedicated  to  reducing  energy  and  resource  waste  by  posting  energy-saving  and  water-saving signs  at  conspicuous  places,  including  on  AC  controllers  and  in  meeting  rooms.  To  ensure  the  effect of energy-saving measures, the implementation of these measures will be inspected and monitored by administration  personnel,  and  security  personnel  will  ensure  that  all  lights  are  turned  off  after  work. On top of these measures, we also enhance our employees' awareness on electricity conservation by launching electricity-saving initiatives.

| Energy consumption  Unit  2022  2021  Total energy consumption  MWh  5,252.57  4,168.62  Intensity of energy consumption in total  MWh/person  5.67  6.05  Total direct energy consumption  MWh  26.67  13.82  Intensity of direct energy consumption  MWh/person  0.03  0.02  Total indirect energy consumption  MWh  5,225.90  4,154.80  Intensity of indirect energy consumption  MWh/person  5.64  6.03   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Energy consumption is presented in MWh and mainly for the consumption of purchased electricity and gasoline. The conversion factors for gasoline come from the default values of relevant parameters in the Accounting Methods and Reporting Guide of Greenhouse Gas Emissions of Machinery Equipment Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial) ( 《機械設備製 造企業溫室氣體排放核算方法與報告指南（試行） 》 ) issued by the NDRC.
2. The  Group's  production  capacity  and  total  number  of  employees  have  increased  significantly  compared  to 2021,  resulting  in  an  increase  in  total  energy  consumption.  However,  thanks  to  a  series  of  energy-saving  and emission-reduction  measures,  the  per  capita  energy  consumption  intensity  was  reduced  compared  to  the  previous year.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 5. CARING FOR ENVIRONMENT (CONT'D)

## 5.1  Energy use and GHG emission (cont'd)

| GHG emissions  Unit  2022  2021  GHG emissions in total (Scope 1 and Scope 2)  tCO  2  e  3,612.91  2,847.72  Intensity of GHG emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2)  tCO  2  e/person  3.90  4.13  Direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)  tCO  2  e  6.62  3.38  Intensity of direct GHG emissions (Scope 1)  tCO  2  e/person  0.0071  0.0049  Indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)  tCO  2  e  3,606.29  2,844.34  Intensity of indirect GHG emissions (Scope 2)  tCO  2  e/person  3.89  4.12   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. As  our  operations  barely  have  direct  air  emissions,  the  KPI  A1.1  (The  types  of  emissions  and  respective  data)  is  not considered applicable to us.
2. GHG  emissions  are  presented  as  CO 2 equivalent.  The  GHG  emissions  from  gasoline  combustion  and  purchased electricity  are  calculated  following  the Accounting  Methods  and  Reporting  Guide  of  Greenhouse  Gas  Emissions  of Machinery Equipment Manufacturing Enterprises (Trial) ( 《機械設備製造企業溫室氣體排放核算方法與報告指南（試行） 》 ) issued by the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC). The GHG emission factor for purchased electricity comes from the Average CO 2 Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids in China ( 《中國區域電網平均⼆氧化碳排放因 ⼦》 ) and Shanghai Municipal Bureau of Ecology and Environment.
3. To ensure consistency of the calculation scope and the formula, we corrected the GHG emissions data of 2021.
4. The  Group's  production  capacity  and  total  number  of  employees  have  increased  significantly  compared  to  2021, resulting  in  an  increase  in  total  greenhouse  gas  emissions.  However,  thanks  to  a  series  of  energy-saving  and emission-reduction measures, the per capita greenhouse gas emission intensity was reduced compared to the previous year.

## 5.2  Waste management

The  Group  has  established  the Waste  Treatment  Management  Process  ( 《廢棄物處理管理規程》 ) to ensure well-regulated treatment and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.

The waste gas produced by the Group is mainly acid gas and aldehyde gas. These gases are introduced into  the  water  scrubber  via  air  conduct  and  purified  in  sodium  hydroxide  absorption  solution  for compliant emission, and the absorption solution is also recycled. We also put activated carbon at the air vent of workshop AC system for physical adsorption of waste gas.

## 5. CARING FOR ENVIRONMENT (CONT'D) (CONT'D)

## 5.2    Waste management (cont'd)

Hazardous waste produced by the Group, such as waste biological tissues, organic waste liquid, waste acid, waste containers, bottles and barrels and waste activated carbon, will be calculated, and handed over to a qualified third party for disposal. Non-hazardous waste such as domestic waste will be sorted, and finally dealt with by the Municipal Sanitation Department.

| Wastes  Unit  2022  2021  Hazardous waste produced in total  Tonnes  42.11  285.08  Intensity of hazardous waste emissions  Tonnes/person  0.05  0.41  Non-hazardous waste produced in total  Tonnes  152.30  144.96  Intensity of non-hazardous waste emissions  Tonnes/person  0.16  0.21   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5.3  Water management

We  always  adhere  to  water  conservation,  water  efficiency  improvement  and  compliant  wastewater disposal.  Our  water  consumption  comes  from  the  municipal  water  supply.  We  attach  importance  to enforce  water  saving  measures  in  production.  Purified  water  from  the  equipment  is  collected  and used  as  cleaning  water  for  peripheral  and  public  areas  and  sanitary  appliances  for  us  to  reduce consumption.  Sewage  from  the  production  process,  if  any,  is  dealt  with  by  a  qualified  third  party  for compliant discharge. Domestic sewage from our site is discharged to the municipal sewage network for treatment. We also enhance water conservation awareness of our staff by posting water saving signs in washrooms.

| Water  Unit  2022  2021  Water consumption in total  Tonnes  20,441.00  13,949.00  Intensity of water consumption  Tonnes/person  22.05  20.25   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

The Group's production capacity and total number of employees have increased significantly compared to 2021, resulting in an increase in total water consumption. The Group will adopt more stringent water-saving measures to enhance employees' awareness of water conservation and improve the efficiency of water utilization.

## 5. CARING FOR ENVIRONMENT (CONT'D)

## 5.4  Packaging materials management

We further reduce the impact of packaging materials on the environment by cutting down consumption and  recycling  them.  Structure  Division  recycles  stainless  steel  circulation  trays  and  replaces  wooden pallets with plastic ones to extend service life. Neuro Division has improved the packaging of products by replacing small boxes with big ones, and reduced consumption by recycling sterilized circulation boxes.

| Packaging materials  Unit  2022  2021  Packaging materials used for finished products in  total  Tonnes  0.84  6.37  Intensity of packaging materials used for finished  products in total  Kg/person  0.91  9.25   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Considering  that  our  business  activities  do  not  have  a  significant  impact  on  the  environment  and  natural  resources, thus  A3  (environment  and  natural  resources)  and  KPI  A3.1  (description  of  the  significant  impacts  of  activities  on  the environment and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them) are not disclosed in the report.
2. Data for packaging materials only cover the Structure Division and we will strengthen packaging materials management in the future.

## 5.5  Response to climate change

As climate change is no longer a future challenge, but an immediate crisis. Climate risk will profoundly affect  everyone's  life.  Extreme  weather  such  as  high  temperatures,  typhoons  and  droughts  caused  by global warming may have significant impacts on the stable operation of Peijia Medical.

To  enhance  our  ability  against  emergencies,  we  have  formulated  the Emergency  Plan  Management Procedures ( 《應急預案管理制度》 ) and Management Rules of Emergency Plan for Enterprise Production Safety ( 《企業生產安全應急預案管理規程》 ) to  improve the handling of all kinds of accidents, disasters, and  health  events.  We  hold  at  least  one  safety  emergency  drill  per  year  to  improve  our  capacity  of emergency response and rescue, thus protecting our people and properties and minimizing the impact of climate change on the business.

In  2022,  we  have  formulated  the Emergency  Plan  for  Power  Outage  and  Rationing  ( 《斷電及限電緊急 預案》 ) .  In  case  of  power outage or rationing, we will follow the emergency plan in an orderly manner, properly share and disclose information and inspect standby power supply, generator, and production equipment to ensure a well-arranged production and operation during the power outage and rationing period.

## 6. CARING FOR THE CHINESE SOCIETY

Upholding the concept of 'commitment to patients, medical staff, and society', Peijia Medical provides highquality  and  affordable  products  for  patients  through  continuous  innovation,  with  a  view  to  promoting  the industrial  development  and  continuously  creating  value  for  society.  Since  it  was  established  10  years  ago, the Group has launched 19 products in the market, serving over 2,000 hospitals, and made endless efforts to provide our clients safe, effective, and affordable products and solutions on therapy of cardiac and cerebral diseases in an effort to guard the life and health of patients.

## 6.1  Support for inclusive medical service

Peijia Medical is devoted to delivering cutting-edge medical technologies and products to places where they are most needed. We have incorporated our products and procedures into medical insurance plans in many places to serve a wider range of patients.

## [Case study] 'Care Plan' for medical costs deduction of impoverished patients

Neuro  Division  has  incorporated  Jasper  coil  products  into  the  care  plan  since  2012  to  deduct the  medical  costs  for  impoverished  patients.  Patients  unable  to  afford  the  surgery  costs  will  be offered  Jasper  products  for  embolotherapy  of  intracranial  aneurysm  and  get  treated  for  free  upon confirmation when they meet the conditions of 'Care Plan'. As of the end of 2022, we donated 256 coils,  benefiting  53  patients  across  the  country  in  total,  continuously  improving  medical  conditions and making medical services more accessible for impoverished patients.

## 6.2  Contribution to industrial development

Peijia  Medical  is  dedicated  to  promoting  the  development  of  the  industry  by  unremittingly  enhancing peer  exchange  and  multi-party  cooperation.  We  established  the  Institute  of  Interventional  Medical Technology  of  Suzhou  Industrial  Technology  Research  Institute  together  with  Suzhou  Industrial Technology  Research  Institute  and  Suzhou  Industrial  Park  Administrative  Committee.  The  Institute  of Interventional  Medical  Technology  is  a  platform  for  incubation,  operation  and  investment  in  the  life science and technology industry. It is engaged in discovery, investment and integration of revolutionarily innovative  medical  projects  in  the  world,  primarily  in  the  field  of  interventional  medical  treatment.  As a  member  of  China  Alliance  of  Neurointerventional  Innovation  and  Transformation  (CNIT),  Structure Division  participates  in  the  online  activities  every  week  and  also  proactively  seeks  cooperation  with colleges, universities and hospitals to inspire our innovation for continuous development.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## 6. CARING FOR THE CHINESE SOCIETY (CONT'D)

## 6.2  Contribution to industrial development (cont'd)

## Cast Study: Dr. Jian Fong TAN, CTO of Peijia Medical, guested at CNIT for sharing innovation experience with peers

On  October  12,  2022,  Dr.  Jian  Fong  TAN,  CTO  of  Peijia  Medical,  guested  at  the  special  interview with CTO held by the CNIT, and shared ' How to Incubate an Innovative Idea from Nothing '  from  an international perspective.

Dr.  Jian  Fong  TAN  introduced  how  to  facilitate  innovation  through  intellectual  property  analysis  and market  analysis.  Intellectual  property  analysis  can  help  us  learn  about  details  on  the  development of relevant technologies, and market analysis can facilitate us to identify the demand gap in current clinical  sector.  In  virtue  of  the  two  analyses,  we  can  further  boost  the  research  and  development of  innovative  products.  We  hope  to  advance  the  industrial  development  constantly  by  sharing  our innovation experience.

## 6.3  Continuous contribution to society

Peijia  Medical  has  carried  out  public  welfare  activities  for  years  to  spread  benevolence  and  give  back to  society.  We  have  carried  out  'Charity  Travel  to  Yushu  County,  Qinghai  Province'  activity  for  years, providing  philanthropic  support  to  the  local  orphanages.  Meanwhile,  we  invited  doctor  volunteers  to provide free clinical treatment for Tibetan people. In 2022, the Group made donations of RMB 1,370,000 in total.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## To the Shareholders of Peijia Medical Limited

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

## What we have audited

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Peijia  Medical  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  and  its  subsidiaries  (the ' Group '), which are set out on pages 152 to 238, comprise:

- the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2022;
- the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the year then ended;
- the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;
- the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and
- the  notes  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  which  include  significant  accounting  policies  and  other explanatory information.

## Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  of  its  consolidated  financial  performance  and  its  consolidated  cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (' IFRSs ') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  International  Standards  on  Auditing  (' ISAs ').  Our  responsibilities under  those  standards  are  further  described  in  the  Auditor's  Responsibilities  for  the  Audit  of  the  Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our opinion.

## Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including  International  Independence  Standards)  issued  by  the  International  Ethics  Standards  Board  for Accountants (' IESBA Code '), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole,  and  in  forming  our  opinion  thereon,  and  we  do  not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:

- Impairment assessment of goodwill and intangible assets not available for use
- Research and development expenses

| Key Audit Matter  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  I mpairment  assessment  of  goodwill  and  intangible assets not available for use  Refer  to  notes  2.7,  2.8  and  18  to  the  consolidated  financial statements.  The  Group  has  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  not  available  for  use,  amounted  to  RMB51,658,000  and  RMB339,533,000  respectively  as  at  31  December  2022.  The Group is required to perform impairment test of  goodwill  and  intangible  assets  not  available  for  use  on an annual basis. The impairment tests are based  on  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash  generating  unit  ('  CGU  ')  to  which  the  goodwill  is  allocated,  and  the  recoverable  amount  of  intangible  assets  not  available  for  use.  The  recoverable  amount  is  the higher of the fair value less cost to sell and the  value in use using cash flow projections based on a  financial budget.  Management  established  the  impairment  assessment model with the involvement of external  independent  valuer  and  prepared  a  recoverable  amount  calculation  to  estimate  the  future  cash  flows taking into account key assumptions, including  estimated  gross  profit  margin,  revenue  growth  rate,  percentage  of  costs  and  operating  expenses  to  the  revenue  and  post-tax  discount  rate,  and  management  considered  no  impairment  loss  was  considered  necessary  as  at  31  December  2022  based on the impairment assessment performed.  We performed the following  audit  procedures  on  the  impairment  assessment  of  goodwill  and  intangible  assets not available for use:  - 1) Obtaining an understanding of the management's i n t e r n a l   control  and  assessment  process and  assessing  the  inherent  risk  of  material misstatement  by  considering  the  degree  of estimation uncertainty and level of other inherent risk factors such as subjectivity;  - 2) Evaluating  the  competence,  capabilities  and objectivity of the independent valuer engaged by management;  - 3) Evaluating the appropriateness of management's identification  of  CGU  to  which  the  goodwill  is allocated;  - 4) Assessing  whether  the  management's impairment  assessment  model  is  appropriate with the involvement of our valuation specialists by  reference  to  industry  practices  and  valuation techniques;  - 5) Assessing  the  reasonableness  of  the  key assumptions  used  in  the  future  cash  flow forecast,  including  the  estimated  gross  profit margin,  revenue  growth  rate,  percentage  of costs and operating expenses to the revenue and post-tax  discount  rate,  by  comparing  them  with the  historical  financial  performance  and  future forecast of the CGU;   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Key Audit Matter  ## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter  ## I mpairment  assessment  of  goodwill  and intangible assets not available for use (cont'd)  We  considered  this  is  a  key  audit  matter  given the  significant  management  judgements  and assumptions involved in the impairment assessment and because the estimation of recoverable amount is subject to high degree of estimation uncertainty.  - 6) Evaluating  the  appropriateness  of  the  discount rate  adopted  with  the  involvement  of  our valuation  specialists  by  benchmarking  market data and comparable companies.  Based on the above procedures performed, we found the  management's  judgements  and  assumptions used  in  the  impairment  assessment  of  goodwill  and intangible assets not available for use were supported by the audit evidences we obtained.  ## Recognition and measurement of research and development expenses  Refer  to  notes  2.7(d)  and  7  to  the  consolidated financial statements.  The Group is principally engaged in the research and development,  manufacturing  and  commercialisation of medical devices.  During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group i ncurred  significant  research  and  development expenses of RMB373,127,000 which mainly consisted of service fees paid to outsourced service providers, employee  benefits  expenses,  raw  materials  used in  research  and  development  activities,  testing  and clinical  trial  fees  and  depreciation  and  amortization expenses.  We considered this is a key audit matter because the amount of the research and development expenses incurred  is  significant  to  the  consolidated  financial statements,  and  significant  audit  effort  involved  in auditing the research and development expenses.  We  performed  the  following  audit  procedures  on research and development expenses:  - 1) Understanding,  evaluating  and  testing  the  key controls  related  to  research  and  development expenses;  - 2) Testing  research  and  development expenses, on a  sample  basis,  to  supporting  evidence  such  as contracts, invoices and payment slips;  - 3) For  the  service  fees  paid  to  outsourced service  providers,  reading  the  key  terms  set out  in  service  agreements  and  evaluating  the completion status with reference to the progress reported  by  outsourced  service  providers, obtaining  confirmations  from  outsourced  service providers,  on  a  sample  basis,  to  determine whether  the  service  fees  were  recorded  based on the respective contract terms, work progress and/or relevant milestones achieved;  - 4) Performing  cut-off  test  on  research  and development  expenses  paid  before  and  after the  balance  sheet  date,  on  a  sample  basis,  by inspecting  relevant  supporting  evidence  such  as contracts, payment vouchers and invoices.  Based on the above procedures performed, we found that  management's  recognition  and  measurement  of research and development expenses were supported by the audit evidences we obtained.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In  connection  with  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  our  responsibility  is  to  read  the  other information  and,  in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If,  based  on  the  work  we  have  performed,  we  conclude  that  there  is  a  material  misstatement  of  this  other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES  OF  DIRECTORS  AND  THE  AUDIT  COMMITTEE  FOR  THE  CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,  and  for  such  internal  control  as  the  directors  determine  is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to  continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S  RESPONSIBILITIES  FOR  THE  AUDIT  OF  THE  CONSOLIDATED  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is  a  high  level  of  assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As  part  of  an  audit  in  accordance  with  ISAs,  we  exercise  professional  judgment  and  maintain  professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our  opinion.  The  risk  of  not  detecting  a  material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate  the  appropriateness  of  accounting  policies  used  and  the  reasonableness  of  accounting  estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on  the  audit  evidence  obtained,  whether  a  material  uncertainty  exists  related  to  events  or  conditions that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  If  we  conclude that  a  material  uncertainty  exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditor's  report  to  the  related disclosures  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements  or,  if  such  disclosures  are  inadequate,  to  modify  our opinion.  Our  conclusions  are  based  on  the  audit  evidence  obtained  up  to  the  date  of  our  auditor's  report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities  within  the  Group  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  We  are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From  the  matters  communicated  with  the  Audit  Committee,  we  determine  those  matters  that  were  of  most significance  in  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period  and  are  therefore  the key  audit  matters.  We  describe  these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report  because  the  adverse  consequences  of  doing  so  would  reasonably  be  expected  to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Lee Chung Bor.

## PricewaterhouseCoopers

Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  6  250,833  136,534  Cost of sales  7  (74,632)  (40,880)  Gross profit  176,201  95,654  Selling and distribution expenses  7  (241,630)  (93,252)  Administrative expenses  7  (123,432)  (114,425)  Research and development expenses  7  (373,127)  (445,879)  Other income  9  12,760  9,727  Other gains/(losses) - net  10  106,680  (50,626)  Operating loss  (442,548)  (598,801)  Finance income  11  46,629  24,771  Finance costs  11  (2,316)  (186)  Finance income - net  44,313  24,585  Loss before income tax  (398,235)  (574,216)  Income tax expense  12  (9,574)  -  Loss for the year  (407,809)  (574,216)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (407,809)  (574,216)  Attributable to:  Equity owners of the Company  (407,809)  (574,216)  Non-controlling interests  *  -  (407,809)  (574,216)  Loss per share attributable to owners of the Company  Basic and diluted loss per share (in RMB per share)  13  (0.61)  (0.86)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The non-controlling interests is less than RMB1,000.

The above consolidated statement of comprehensive loss should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

As at December 31, 2022

| As at December 31  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Right-of-use assets  14  21,620  25,014  Property, plant and equipment  15  305,819  151,205  Investment properties  16  7,008  7,549  Intangible assets  18  538,950  276,502  Investment accounted for using equity method  17  333  -  Other receivables  19  13,825  -  Prepayments  20  6,318  52,613  Term deposits  23  170,000  -  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  21  245,153  224,424  Total non-current assets  1,309,026  737,307  Current assets  Inventories  22  127,184  66,107  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  21  71,564  -  Trade and other receivables  19  77,726  33,333  Prepayments  20  61,309  30,809  Cash and cash equivalents  23  1,669,665  2,296,112  Total current assets  2,007,448  2,426,361  Total assets  3,316,474  3,163,668  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Share capital and share premium  24  6,369,548  6,339,597  Treasury shares held in a trust  25  (82,739)  (84,549)  Other reserves  26  63,617  69,139  Accumulated losses  (3,712,811)  (3,305,002)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  2,637,615  3,019,185  Non-controlling interests  *  -  Total equity  2,637,615  3,019,185   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Liabilities  Non-current liabilities  Lease liabilities  14  2,152  4,082  Deferred tax liabilities  28  20,320  20,320  Borrowings  29  70,770  -  Other payables  31  5,874  -  Deferred income  30  1,720  1,374  Total non-current liabilities  100,836  25,776  Current liabilities  Lease liabilities  14  2,892  3,545  Borrowings  29  56,061  -  Trade and other payables  31  519,070  115,162  Total current liabilities  578,023  118,707  Total liabilities  678,859  144,483  Total equity and liabilities  3,316,474  3,163,668   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The non-controlling interests is less than RMB1,000.

The above consolidated balance sheet should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

The consolidated financial statements on pages 152 to 238 were approved by the Board of Directors on March 31, 2023 and were signed on its behalf.

## Yi ZHANG

Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director

Hong YE Board Secretary, Executive Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

| Share capital  and share  premium  Other  reserves  Treasury  shares held  in a trust  Accumulated  losses  Non-  controlling  interests  Total equity  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Balance at January 1, 2021  5,512,758  54,409  (23,126)  (2,730,786)  -  2,813,255  Comprehensive loss:  Loss for the year  -  -  -  (574,216)  -  (574,216)  Total comprehensive loss  -  -  -  (574,216)  -  (574,216)  Transactions with owners in their  capacity as owners:  Issuance of ordinary shares  24  810,559  -  -  -  -  810,559  Exercise of share options  24,26  17,137  (13,764)  -  -  -  3,373  Acquisition of shares under the RSU Scheme  25  -  -  (64,720)  -  -  (64,720)  Restricted share units vested  24,25,26  (857)  (2,440)  3,297  -  -  -  Share-based payments  26  -  30,934  -  -  -  30,934  Balance at December 31, 2021  6,339,597  69,139  (84,549)  (3,305,002)  -  3,019,185  Balance at January 1, 2022  6,339,597  69,139  (84,549)  (3,305,002)  -  3,019,185  Comprehensive loss:  Loss for the year  -  -  -  (407,809)  *  (407,809)  Total comprehensive loss  -  -  -  (407,809)  *  (407,809)  Transactions with owners in their  capacity as owners:  Exercise of share options  24,26  33,510  (15,243)  -  -  -  18,267  Acquisition of shares under the RSU Scheme  25  -  -  (5,183)  -  -  (5,183)  Restricted share units vested  24,25,26  (3,559)  (3,434)  6,993  -  -  -  Share-based payments  26  -  13,155  -  -  -  13,155  Balance at December 31, 2022  6,369,548  63,617  (82,739)  (3,712,811)  *  2,637,615   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The non-controlling interests is less than RMB 1,000.

The  above  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with  the  accompanying notes.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Cash used in operations  32(a)  (406,959)  (480,987)  Interest received  40,648  44,805  Interest paid  (311)  (186)  Income taxes paid  (9,574)  -  Net cash used in operating activities  (376,196)  (436,368)  Cash flows from investing activities  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  61  12  Cash received relating to other investment actiivities  -  680  Net Payments for settlement of foreign exchange forward  contracts  (16,922)  -  Payments for property, plant and equipment  (130,412)  (69,738)  Payments for intangible assets  (71,929)  (123,300)  Payments for right-of-use assets  -  (8,300)  Payments for financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  21  (73,575)  (259,616)  Proceeds from settlements of financial assets at fair value  through profit or loss  21  -  35,507  Payments for term deposits  (170,000)  -  Payments for investment accounted for using equity  method  (500)  -  Net cash used in from investing activities  (463,277)  (424,755)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from bank borrowings  126,687  -  Net proceeds from issue of ordinary shares  -  810,559  Proceeds from exercise of share options  2,108  3,373  Acquisition of shares under the RSU Scheme  25  (5,183)  (64,720)  Payments for listing expenses  -  (4,074)  Interest paid for bank borrowings  (2,807)  -  Principal elements of lease payments  (3,367)  (3,159)  Net cash generated from financing activities  117,438  741,979  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (722,035)  (119,144)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  2,296,112  2,458,161  Exchange gains/(losses) on cash and cash equivalents  95,588  (42,905)  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  23  1,669,665  2,296,112   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above consolidated statement of cash flows should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 1 GENERAL INFORMATION

Peijia  Medical  Limited  (the  ' Company ',  or  ' Peijia  Medical ')  was  incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  on 30 May 2012 as an exempted company with limited liability under the Company Law of the Cayman Islands. The  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (together,  the  ' Group ')  are  principally  engaged  in  the  business  of  (i) research  and  development,  manufacturing  and  sales  of  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic  medical  devices (' Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business ')  and  (ii)  research  and  development,  manufacturing  and sales of neurointerventional procedural medical devices (' Neurointerventional Business ') in the People's Republic  of  China  (the  ' PRC ')  and  other  countries.  Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business  is  primarily operated  by  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company  mainly  comprising  of  Peijia  Medical  Technology  (Suzhou) Co.,  Ltd.  (' Peijia  Suzhou ')  and  Peijia  Medical  Technology  (Shanghai)  Co.,  Ltd.  (' Peijia  Shanghai '),  and Neurointerventional Business is primarily operated by Achieva Medical Limited (' Achieva Medical ') together with its subsidiaries (' Achieva Group ').

The address of the Company's registered office is Floor 4, Willow House, Cricket Square, Grand Cayman, KY19010 Cayman Islands.

These  consolidated  financial  statements  are  presented  in  thousands  of  Renminbi  Yuan  (RMB),  unless otherwise  stated.  These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  approved  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors on March 31, 2023.

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

This  note  provides  a  list  of  the  significant  accounting  policies  adopted  in  the  preparation  of  these consolidated financial statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The financial statements are for the Group consisting of Peijia Medical Limited and its subsidiaries.

## 2.1  Basis of preparation

## (i) Compliance with IFRS and HKCO

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with International Financial Reporting Standards (' IFRSs ') issued by International Accounting Standards Board (' IASB ') and requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622.

## (ii) Historical cost convention

The financial statements have been prepared on a historical cost basis, except for the following:

- certain financial assets

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.1 Basis of preparation (cont'd)

## (iii) New and amended standards adopted by the Group

The Group has applied the following standards and amendments for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing January 1, 2022:

| Amendments to IFRS 16  Covid-19-related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June  2021  Amendments to IAS 16  Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before  intended use  Amendments to IFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework  Amendments to IAS 37  Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract  Amendments to IFRSs  Annual improvements to IFRS standards 2018-2020  cycle  Revised Accounting Guideline 5 Merger  Accounting for Common Control  Combinations (AG 5)  Amendments to Accounting Guideline 5   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  adoption  of  these  amendments  to  standards  and  interpretations  did  not  have  any  impact  on the consolidated financial statements or result in any significant changes in the Group's significant accounting policies.

## (iv) New standards and interpretations not yet adopted

Certain new accounting standards, amendments to accounting standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for the year ended December 31, 2022 and have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards, amendments or interpretations are not expected to have a material impact on the entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

## 2.2  Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

## 2.2.1 Subsidiaries

## (a) Consolidation

A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity) over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

Intra-group  transactions,  balances  and  unrealized  gains  on  transactions  between  group companies  are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also  eliminated  unless  the  transaction provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  transferred  asset.  When  necessary,  amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group's accounting policies.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.2 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (cont'd)

2.2.1   Subsidiaries (cont'd)

- (a) Consolidation (cont'd)
- (i) Business combinations

The  Group  applies  the  acquisition  method  to  account  for  business  combinations.  The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary is the fair values of the assets transferred,  the  liabilities  incurred  to  the  former  owners  of  the  acquiree  and  the  equity interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred includes the fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement. Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  assumed  in  a  business  combination  are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date.

The  Group  recognises  any  non-controlling  interest  (' NCI ')  in  the  acquiree  on  an acquisition-by-acquisition basis. Non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership  interests  and  entitle  their  holders  to  a  proportionate  share  of  the  entity's net  assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  are  measured  at  either  fair  value  or  the  present ownership  interests'  proportionate  share  in  the  recognised  amounts  of  the  acquiree's identifiable net assets.

Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

If  the  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  acquisition  date  carrying  value of  the  acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  is  re-measured  to  fair value at the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in accordance with IFRS 9 in profit or  loss.  Contingent  consideration  that  is  classified  is  as  equity  not  remeasured,  and  its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

The  excess  of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest in  the  acquiree  and  the  acquisition-date  fair  value  of  any  previous  equity  interest  in  the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If the total of consideration transferred, non-controlling interest recognised and previously held  interest  measured  is  less  than  the  fair  value  of  the  net  assets  of  the  subsidiary acquired  in  the  case  of  a  bargain  purchase,  the  difference  is  recognised  directly  in  the profit or loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.2 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (cont'd)

2.2.1   Subsidiaries (cont'd)

- (a) Consolidation (cont'd)
- (ii) Changes in ownership interests in subsidiaries without change of control

Transactions  with  non-controlling  interests  that  do  not  result  in  loss  of  control  are accounted  for  as  equity  transactions  -  that  is,  as  transactions  with  the  owners  of the  subsidiary  in  their  capacity  as  owners.  The  difference  between  fair  value  of  any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying amount of net assets of  the  subsidiary  is  recorded  in  equity.  Gains  or  losses  on  disposals  to  non-controlling interests are also recorded in equity.

## (iii) Disposal of subsidiaries

When the Group ceases to have control, any retained interest in the entity is re-measured to  its  fair  value  at  the  date  when  control  is  lost,  with  the  change  in  carrying  amount recognised in profit or loss. The fair value is the initial carrying amount for the purposes of  subsequently  accounting  for  the  retained  interest  as  an  associate,  joint  venture  or financial  asset.  In  addition,  any  amounts  previously  recognised  in  other  comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of  the  related  assets  or  liabilities.  It  means  the  amounts  previously  recognised  in  other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable IFRSs.

## (b) Separate financial statements

Investments  in  subsidiaries  are  accounted  for  at  cost  less  impairment.  Cost  includes  direct attributable costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Group on the basis of dividend received and receivable.

Impairment  testing  of  the  investments  in  subsidiaries  is  required  upon  receiving  a  dividend from  these  investments  if  the  dividend  exceeds  the  total  comprehensive  income  of  the subsidiary in the period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the  separate  financial  statements  exceeds  the  carrying  amount  in  the  consolidated  financial statements of the investee's net assets including goodwill.

## 2.2.2 Associates

Associates  are  all  entities  over  which  the  Group  has  significant  influence  but  not  control  or  joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments  in  associates  are  accounted  for  using  the  equity  method  of  accounting  (see  2.2.3 below), after initially being recognised at cost.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.2 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (cont'd)

## 2.2.3 Equity method

Under  the  equity  method  of  accounting,  the  investments  are  initially  recognised  at  cost  and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group's share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in profit or loss, and the Group's share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of the investment.

Where the Group's share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in  the  entity,  including  any  other  unsecured  long-term  receivables,  the  Group  does  not  recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

Unrealised  gains  on  transactions  between  the  Group  and  its  associates  are  eliminated  to  the extent  of  the  Group's  interest  in  these  entities.  Unrealised  losses  are  also  eliminated  unless  the transaction  provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  asset  transferred.  Accounting  policies  of equity-accounted  investees  have  been  changed  where  necessary  to  ensure  consistency  with  the policies adopted by the Group.

The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance with the policy described in note 2.9.4.

## 2.3  Segment reporting

Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  provided  to  the chief  operating  decision-maker (' CODM ').  The  CODM, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing  performance  of  the  operating  segments,  has  been  identified  as  executive  directors  of  the Company.

## 2.4  Foreign currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group's entities are measured using the currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates  (the  ' Functional Currency ').  The consolidated financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company's functional and presentation currency.

## (b) Transactions and balances

Foreign  currency  transactions  are  translated  into  the  functional  currency  using  the  exchange rates  prevailing  at  the  dates  of  the  transactions  or  valuation  where  items  are  re-measured. Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  resulting  from  the  settlement  of  such  transactions  and  from the  translation  at  year-end  exchange  rates  of  monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in foreign  currencies  are  recognised  within  'Other  losses  -  net'  in  the  consolidated  statements  of comprehensive loss.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.5  Property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment,  are  stated  at  historical  cost  or  acquisition  cost  less  accumulated depreciation and impairment, if any. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the items.

Subsequent  costs  are  included  in  the  asset's  carrying  amount  or  recognised  as  a  separate  asset,  as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss during the year in which they are incurred.

Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their cost or revalued amounts, net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives or, in the case of leasehold improvements and certain leased plant and equipment, the shorter lease term as follows:

| Years  Residual rate  - Buildings  20  5%  - Furniture  5  5%  - Electronic equipment  3  5%  - Machinery  10  5%  - Vehicles  5  5%  - Leasehold improvements  5-10  5%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The assets' residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each year.

An asset's carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.8).

Gains  and  losses  on  disposals  are  determined  by  comparing  proceeds  with  carrying  amount  and  are recognised in 'Other losses - net' in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.

Construction  in  progress  represents  property,  plant  and  equipment  under  construction  or  pending installation and is stated at historical cost or acquisition cost less provision for impairment loss, if any. Cost includes the costs of construction and acquisition as well as interest expenses during the periods of construction and installation, minus the government grants received as a compensation to the interest expense spent. When the assets concerned are available for use, the costs are transferred to property, plant  and  equipment  and  intangible  assets  and  depreciated  in  accordance  with  the  policy  as  stated above.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.6  Investment properties

Investment properties comprise buildings, held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both and not occupied by the Group, and is measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs.  After  initial  recognition,  the  Group  chooses  the  cost  model  to  measure  all  of  its  investment properties,  which  are  stated  at  historical  costs  less  accumulated  depreciation  and  accumulated impairment  losses,  if  any.  Depreciation  of  buildings  is  calculated  using  the  straight-line  method  to allocate their costs to their residual values over their estimated useful lives of 20 years, and amortisation of  land  use  right  is  calculated  using  the  straight-line  method  to  allocate  their  costs  to  their  residual values over their estimated useful lives of 50 years.

The  investment  properties'  residual  values  and  useful  lives  are  reviewed,  and  adjusted  if  appropriate, at  each  balance  sheet  date.  An  investment  property's  carrying  amount  is  written  down  immediately to  its  recoverable  amount  if  the  investment  property's  carrying  amount  is  greater  than  its  estimated recoverable amount. Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing proceeds with carrying amount and are recognised in the profit and loss.

## 2.7  Intangible assets

## (a) Goodwill

Goodwill is measured as described in Note 18. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in  intangible  assets.  Goodwill  is  not  amortised  but  it  is  tested  for  impairment  annually,  or  more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is  made  to  those  cash-generating  units  or  groups  of  cash-generating  units  that  are  expected  to benefit  from  the  business  combination  in  which  the  goodwill  arose.  The  units  or  groups  of  units are identified at the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.

## (b) Technologies

Certain  techonologies  are  for  in-licenses  and  in-process  research  and  development  (' IPR&amp;D '), with  non-refundable  upfront  payment,  milestone  payment  and  royalty  payment.  These  milestone payments are capitalized as intangible assets when incurred if the payment is due on a verifiable outcome, and are treated as research and development expenditures if it is due for the execution of  outsourced  research  and  development  work.  Royalty  payment  is  accrued  for  in  line  with the  underlying  sales  and  recognized  as  a  cost  of  sales.  However,  if  a  technology  is  acquired in  a  business  combination,  it  is  capitalized  as  intangible  asset  measured  at  fair  value  at  initial recognition.

Research and development expenditures which are related to an IPR&amp;D asset acquired separately or  in  a  business  combination  and  incurred  after  the  acquisition  of  that  intangible  asset,  are accounted for in accordance with the capitalization policy in Note 2.7(d).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.7 Intangible assets (cont'd)

## (b) Technologies (cont'd)

Technologies  are  assessed  to  be  either  finite  or  indefinite.  Technologies  have  a  finite  useful life  and  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation.  Amortisation  is  calculated  using  the straight-line  method  to  allocate  the  cost  of  technologies  over  the  shorter  of  the  licensed  period and  their  estimated  useful  lives  of  15  years  from  the  point  at  which  the  asset  is  available  for use.  The  Group  determined  the  acquired  technologies  to  have  a  useful  life  of  15  years  based  on periods that acquired technologies can generate economic benefits under current business needs. Techonologies with indefinite useful lives or not available for use are not amortized but tested for impairment  annually  either  individually  or  at  the  cash-generating  unit  level.  The  impairment  test would compare the recoverable amount of the intangible asset to its carrying value. The estimated life of a technology with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life  assessment  continues  to  be  supportable.  If  not,  the  change  in  the  estimated  life  assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a prospective basis.

## (c) Computer software

Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to acquire and bring the specific software into usage. These costs are amortised using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives of 3 years. Costs associated with maintaining computer software programs are recognised as expense as incurred.

## (d) Research and development expenditures

Research  and  development  cost  comprise  all  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  research  and development  activities  (relating  to  the  design  and  testing  of  new  or  improved  high  end  medical instruments).  Research  and  development  costs  are  recognised  as  intangible  assets  when  the following criteria are met:

- it is technically feasible to complete the medical instruments so that it will be available for use or sale;
- management intends to complete the medical instruments, and use or sell it;
- the ability to use or sell the medical instruments;
- it can be demonstrated how the medical instruments will generate economic benefits;
- there are adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and the ability to use or sell the medical instruments; and
- the expenditure attributable to the medical instruments during its development phase can be reliably measured.

Other  research  and  development  expenditures  that  do  not  meet  these  criteria  are  charged  to expense as incurred. Research and development costs previously recognised as an expense are not recognised as an asset in a subsequent period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.8  Impairment of non-financial assets

Goodwill  and  intangible  assets  not  available  for  use  are  not  subject  to  amortisation  and  are  tested annually  for  impairment,  or  more  frequently  if  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that they  might  be  impaired.  Other  assets  are  tested  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  may  not  be  recoverable.  An  impairment  loss  is recognised for the amount by which the asset's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  an  asset's  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  For the  purposes  of  assessing  impairment,  assets  are  grouped  at  the  lowest  levels  for  which  there  are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or  groups  of  assets  (cash-generating  units).  Non-financial  assets  other  than  goodwill  that  suffered  an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each year.

## 2.9 Financial assets and liabilities

## 2.9.1 Classification

The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

- those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through OCI or through profit or loss), and
- those to be measured at amortised cost.

The classification depends on the Group's business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows.

For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI).

The  Group  reclassifies  debt  investments  when  and  only  when  its  business  model  for  managing those assets changes.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.9 Financial assets and liabilities (cont'd)

## 2.9.2 Measurement

At  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  a  financial  asset  at  its  fair  value  plus,  in  the  case  of  a financial  asset  not  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  (FVPL),  transaction  costs  that  are  directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.

Financial  assets  with  embedded  derivatives  are  considered  in  their  entirety  when  determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

## (a) Debt instruments

Subsequent  measurement  of  debt  instruments  depends  on  the  Group's  business  model for  managing  the  asset  and  the  cash  flow  characteristics  of  the  asset.  There  are  three measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:

- Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective  interest  rate  method.  Any  gain  or  loss  arising  on  derecognition  is  recognised directly  in  profit  or  loss  and  presented  in  other  gains/(losses)  together  with  foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the statement of profit or loss.
- FVOCI:  Assets  that  are  held  for  collection  of  contractual  cash  flows  and  for  selling  the financial assets, where the assets' cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest,  are  measured  at  FVOCI.  Movements  in  the  carrying  amount  are  taken  through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When the financial asset is  derecognised,  the  cumulative  gain  or  loss  previously  recognised  in  OCI  is  reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in other gains/(losses). Interest income from these  financial  assets  is  included  in  finance  income  using  the  effective  interest  rate method.  Foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  are  presented  in  other  gains/(losses)  and impairment  expenses  are  presented  as  separate  line  item  in  the  statement  of  profit  or loss.
- FVPL:  Assets  that  do  not  meet  the  criteria  for  amortised  cost  or  FVOCI  are  measured at  FVPL.  A  gain  or  loss  on  a  debt  investment  that  is  subsequently  measured  at  FVPL  is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within other gains/(losses) in the period in which it arises.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.9 Financial assets and liabilities (cont'd)

2.9.2 Measurement (cont'd)

## (b) Equity instruments

The  Group  subsequently  measures  all  equity  investments  at  fair  value.  Where  the  Group's management  has  elected  to  present  fair  value  gains  and  losses  on  equity  investments  in OCI,  there  is  no  subsequent  reclassification  of  fair  value  gains  and  losses  to  profit  or  loss following  the  derecognition  of  the  investment.  Dividends  from  such  investments  continue  to be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group's right to receive payments is established.

Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in other gains/(losses) in the  statement  of  profit  or  loss  as  applicable.  Impairment  losses  (and  reversal  of  impairment losses)  on  equity  investments  measured  at  FVOCI  are  not  reported  separately  from  other changes in fair value.

## (c) Treasury shares

Own  equity  instruments  which  held  by  the  Company  or  the  Group  (treasury  shares)  are recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company's own equity instruments.

## 2.9.3 Impairment

The  Group  assesses  the  expected  credit  losses  associated  with  its  debt  instruments  carried  at amortized  cost  on  a  forward-looking  basis.  The  impairment  methodology  applied  depends  on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

At each reporting date, the Group shall assess whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.

The measurement of ECL reflects: An unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by  evaluating  a  range  of  possible  outcomes;  the  time  value  of  money;  and  reasonable  and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.

Impairment  on  other  receivables  from  third  parties  and  related  parties  are  measured  as  either 12-month  expected  credit  losses  or  lifetime  expected  credit  losses,  depending  on  whether  there has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  If  no  significant  increase  in credit  risk  of  a  receivable  has  occurred  since  initial  recognition,  then  impairment  is  measured  as 12-month expected credit losses.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.9 Financial assets and liabilities (cont'd)

## 2.9.4 Financial liabilities

In  both the current and prior years, financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for:

Financial  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  Such  liabilities,  including  derivatives,  and financial  liabilities  designated  as  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  The  Group  shall  present  a  gain or loss on those financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss as follows: the amount  of  change  in  the  fair  value  of  the  financial  liability  that  is  attributable  to  changes  in  the credit  risk  of  that  liability  shall  be  presented  in  other  comprehensive  income,  and  the  remaining amount  of  change  in  the  fair  value  of  the  liability  shall  be  presented  in  profit  or  loss  unless the  treatment  of  the  effects  of  changes  in  the  liability's  credit  risk  would  create  or  enlarge  an accounting mismatch in profit or loss.

## 2.9.5 Derecognition

## (a) Derecognition of financial assets

A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated balance sheets) when:

- (i) the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- (ii) the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an  obligation  to  pay  the  received  cash  flows  in  full  without  material  delay  to  a  third party  under  a  'pass-through'  arrangement;  and  either  (a)  the  Group  has  transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor  retained  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  but  has  transferred control of the asset.

When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to  recognise  the  transferred  asset  to  the  extent  of  the  Group's  continuing  involvement.  In that  case,  the  Group  also  recognises  an  associated  liability.  The  transferred  asset  and  the associated  liability  are  measured  on  a  basis  that  reflects  the  rights  and  obligations  that  the Group has retained.

Continuing  involvement  that  takes  the  form  of  a  guarantee  over  the  transferred  asset  is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## (b) Derecognition of financial liabilities

A  financial  liability  is  derecognised  when  the  obligation  under  the  liability  is  discharged  or expires.  When  an  existing  financial  liability  is  replaced  by  another  from  the  same  lender  on substantially  different  terms,  or  the  terms  of  an  existing  liability  are  substantially  modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original  liability  and  a recognition of a new liability.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.10 Offsetting financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  is  reported  in  the  consolidated  balance sheet where the Company currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or the counterparty.

## 2.11 Inventories

Inventories including raw materials, work in progress and finished goods are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable  value.  Costs  are  assigned  to  individual  items  of  inventory  on  the  basis  of  weighted average costs. Costs of purchased inventories are determined after deducting discounts. Net realisable value  is  the  estimated  selling  price  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  less  the  estimated  costs  of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.

## 2.12 Trade and other receivables

Trade  receivables  are  recognised  initially  at  the  amount  of  consideration  that  is  unconditional  unless they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them  subsequently  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method.  See  note  19  for  further information  about  the  Group's  accounting  for  trade  receivables  and  note  3.1  for  a  description  of  the Group's impairment policies.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.12   Trade and other receivables (cont'd)

Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If  collection  of  prepayments  and  other  receivables  is  expected  in  one  year  or  less  (or  in  the  normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

Trade and other receivables are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less provision for impairment.

## 2.13 Cash and cash equivalents

Cash  and  cash  equivalents  includes  cash  in  hand  and  banks,  deposits  held  at  call  with  financial institutions  and  other  short-term,  highly  liquid  investments  with  original  maturities  of  three  months  or less that are readily convertible to known amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

## 2.14 Share capital

Ordinary  shares  are  classified  as  equity.  Incremental  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  issue  of  equity instruments are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.

## 2.15 Trade and other payables

Trade  and  other  payables  mainly  represent  the  obligations  to  pay  for  goods,  services  or  construction that have been acquired in the ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within one year or less after the year.

Trade  and  other  payables  are  recognised  initially  at  their  fair  value  and  subsequently  measured  at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

## 2.16 Borrowings

Borrowings  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value,  net  of  transaction  costs  incurred.  Borrowings  are subsequently  measured  at  amortised  cost.  Any  difference  between  the  proceeds  (net  of  transaction costs)  and  the  redemption  amount  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  over  the  period  of  the  borrowings using  the  effective  interest  method.  Fees  paid  on  the  establishment  of  loan  facilities  are  recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn  down.  In  this  case,  the  fee  is  deferred  until  the  draw-down  occurs.  To  the  extent  there  is  no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down, the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it relates.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.16   Borrowings (cont'd)

Borrowings  are  removed  from  the  balance  sheet  when  the  obligation  specified  in  the  contract  is discharged,  cancelled  or  expired.  The  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  of  a  financial  liability that  has  been  extinguished  or  transferred  to  another  party  and  the  consideration  paid,  including  any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

Borrowings  are  classified  as  current  liabilities  unless  the  Group  has  an  unconditional  right  to  defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

## 2.17 Borrowing costs

General  and  specific  borrowing  costs  that  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or production of  a  qualifying  asset  are  capitalised  during  the  period  of  time  that  is  required  to  complete and prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

Investment  income  earned  on  the  temporary  investment  of  specific  borrowings  pending  their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

## 2.18 Current and deferred income tax

The  income  tax  expense  or  credit  for  the  period  is  the  tax  payable  on  the  current  period's  taxable income based on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

## (a) Current income tax

The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted  at  the  end  of  the  year  in  the  countries  where  the  Company's  subsidiaries  operate  and generate  taxable  income.  Management  periodically  evaluates  positions  taken  in  tax  returns  with respect  to  situations  in  which  applicable  tax  regulation  is  subject  to  interpretation.  It  establishes provisions where appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

## (b) Deferred income tax

Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between  the  tax  bases  of  assets  and  liabilities  and  their  carrying  amounts  in  the  consolidated financial  statements.  However,  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  they  arise  from  the initial recognition of goodwill. Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition  of  an  asset  or  liability  in  a  transaction  other  than  a  business  combination  that  at  the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted by the end of the year and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.18   Current and deferred income tax (cont'd)

## (b) Deferred income tax (cont'd)

Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise those temporary differences and losses.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  and  assets  are  not  recognised  for  temporary  differences  between  the carrying amount and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  offset  when  there  is  a  legally  enforceable  right  to  offset current  tax  assets  and  liabilities  and  when  the  deferred  tax  balances  relate  to  the  same  taxation authority. Current tax assets and tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right  to  offset  and  intends  either  to  settle  on  a  net  basis,  or  to  realise  the  asset  and  settle  the liability simultaneously.

Current  and  deferred  tax  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  except  to  the  extent  that  it  relates  to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

## 2.19 Employee benefits

## (a) Pension, housing funds, medical insurances and other social insurances obligations

Employees  of  the  Group  are  covered  by  various  government-sponsored  defined-contribution pension  plans  under  which  the  employees  are  entitled  to  a  monthly  pension  based  on  certain formulas.  The  relevant  government  agencies  are  responsible  for  the  pension  liability  to  these employees  when  they  retire.  The  Group  contributes  on  a  monthly  basis  to  these  pension  plans for  the  employees  which  are  determined  at  a  certain  percentage  of  their  salaries.  Under  these plans,  the  Group  has  no  obligation  for  post-retirement  benefits  beyond  the  contribution  made. Contributions  to  these  plans  are  expensed  as  incurred  and  contributions  paid  to  the  defined contribution pension plans for a staff are not available to reduce the Group's future obligations to such defined-contribution pension plans even if the staff leaves the Group.

Employees of the Group are entitled to participate in various government supervised housing funds, medical insurance and other employee social insurance plan. The Group contributes on a monthly basis  to  these  funds  based  on  certain  percentages  of  the  salaries  of  the  employees,  subject  to certain ceiling. The Group's liability in respect of these funds is limited to the contributions payable in each period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.19   Employee benefits (cont'd)

## (b) Short-term obligations

Liabilities  for  wages  and  salaries,  including  non-monetary  benefits  and  accumulating  sick  leave that  are  expected  to  be  settled  wholly  within  12  months  after  the  end  of  the  period  in  which  the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees' services up to the end  of  the  year  and  are  measured  at  the  amounts  expected  to  be  paid  when  the  liabilities  are settled.  The  liabilities  are  presented  as  current  employee  benefit  obligations  in  the  consolidated balance sheets.

## (c) Share-based compensation benefits of the Group

## (i) Equity-settled share-based payment transaction

The  Group  operates  stock  options  granted  to  employees  and  other  qualifying  participants, under which the entity receives services from employees and other qualifying participants as consideration  for  equity  instruments  of  the  Group.  The  fair  value  of  the  services  received  in exchange for the grant of equity instruments is recognised as an expense on the consolidated financial  statements.  For  other  qualifying  participants,  the  fair  value  of  the  services  are measured  directly  as  of  the  date  on  which  the  services  are  rendered.  For  services  from employees, the total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the equity instruments granted:

- including any market performance conditions;
- excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions;
- including  the  impact  of  any  non-vesting  conditions  (for  example,  the  requirement  for employees to serve).

At  the  end  of  each  year,  the  Group  revises  its  estimates  of  the  number  of  options  that are  expected  to  vest  based  on  the  non-marketing  performance  and  service  conditions. It  recognises  the  impact  of  the  revision  to  original  estimates,  if  any,  in  the  consolidated statements of comprehensive loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

The fair value of the liability for cash-settled transactions is re-measured at each reporting date and at the date of settlement. Any changes in fair value are recognized in profit or loss for the period. Equity-settled transactions are not remeasured after the grant date.

Where  there  is  any  modification  of  terms  and  conditions  which  increases  the  fair  value  of the  equity  instruments  granted,  the  Group  includes  the  incremental  fair  value  granted  in the  measurement of the amount recognised for the services received over the remainder of the  vesting  period.  The  incremental  fair  value  is  the  difference  between  the  fair  value  of  the modified equity instrument and that of the original equity instrument, both estimated as at the date of the modification. An expense based on the incremental fair value is recognised over the period from the modification date to the date when the modified equity instruments vest in  addition  to  any  amount  in  respect  of  the  original  instrument,  which  should  continue  to  be recognised over the remainder of the original vesting period.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.19   Employee benefits (cont'd)

- (c) Share-based compensation benefits of the Group (cont'd)

## (ii) Share-based payment transaction with cash alternatives

The  Group  operates  a  share-based  compensation  plan,  under  which  the  entity  receives services  from  employees  and  the  terms  of  the  plan  provide  the  employees  with  a  choice  of whether the entity settles the transaction in cash or by issuing equity instruments.

For  this  kind  of  share-based  payment  transactions,  the  Group  is  considered  to  have  issued a  compound  financial  instrument,  which  includes  a  debt  component  (the  employees'  right to  demand  payment  in  cash)  and  an  equity  component  (the  employees'  right  to  demand settlement in equity instruments rather than in cash).

The Group measures the fair value of the compound financial instrument at the measurement date,  taking  into  account  the  terms  and  conditions  on  which  the  rights  to  cash  or  equity instruments  were  granted.  To  apply  this,  the  Group  first  measures  the  fair  value  of  the  debt component  and  then  measures  the  fair  value  of  the  equity  component  taking  into  account the  counterparty must forfeit the right to receive cash in order to receive equity instrument. The fair  value  of  the  compound  financial  instrument  is  the  sum  of  the  fair  values  of  the  two components.

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and  the  date  of  settlement,  the  Group  re-measure  the liability  to  its  fair  value  with  any  changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. If the cash option expires or the Group issues equity instruments on settlement rather than paying cash, the liability shall be transferred direct to equity, as the consideration for the equity instruments issued.  If  the  Group  pays  in  cash  on  settlement  rather  than  issuing  equity  instruments, that  payment  shall  be  applied  to  settle  the  liability  in  full.  Any  equity  component  previously recognised shall remain within equity.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.19   Employee benefits (cont'd)

- (c) Share-based compensation benefits of the Group (cont'd)

## (iii) Share-based payment transaction among group entities

The  grant  by  the  Company  of  options  over  its  equity  instruments  to  the  employees  of subsidiaries  undertakings  in  the  Group  is  treated  as  a  capital  contribution.  The  fair  value  of employee services received, measured by reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over  the  vesting  period  as  an  increase  to  investment  in  subsidiaries  undertakings,  with  a corresponding credit to equity in separate financial statements of the Company.

## 2.20 Revenue recognition

Revenue is recognised when, or as, obligations under the terms of a contract are satisfied, which occurs when control of the promised products or services is transferred to customers. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Group expects to receive in exchange for transferring products or services to a customer (' transaction price ').

A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws applicable, control of the goods and services may be transferred over time or at a point in time.

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. It is assessed for impairment in accordance with using the same approach as for trade receivables. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration, i.e. only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due. There is normally no significant cost to obtain contract.

A  contract  liability  represents  the  Group's  obligation  to  transfer  goods  or  services  to  a  customer  for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

The following is a description of the accounting policy for the principal revenue stream of the Group.

Revenue  of  the  Group  arose  from  sale  of  transcatheter  valve  therapeutic  medical  devices  and neurointerventional  procedural  medical  devices.  Sales  are  recognised  when  control  of  the  products has  transferred,  being  when  the  products  are  delivered  to  the  customers,  and  there  is  no  unfulfilled obligation  that  could  affect  the  customer's  acceptance  of  the  products.  Delivery  occurs  when  the products have been shipped to the specific location where the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred  to  the  customer,  and  either  the  customer  has  accepted  the  products  in  accordance  with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.21 Interest income

Interest income is recognized on a time-proportion basis taking into account of the principal outstanding and the effective interest rate over the period to maturity, when it is determined that such income will accrue to the Group.

## 2.22 Leases as leasee

The  Group  leases  properties  and  land  use  rights  in  the  PRC  as  leasee.  Rental  contracts  of  properties are typically made for fixed periods of 2 to 3 years. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants,  but  leased  assets  may  not  be  used  as  security  for  borrowing  purposes.  Land  use  right  is made for fixed periods of 42 to 50 years.

Leases  are  recognised  as  a  right-of-use  asset  and  a  corresponding  liability  at  the  date  at  which  the leased asset is available for  use  by  the  Group.  Each  lease  payment  is  allocated  between  the  principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a  constant  periodic  rate  of  interest  on  the  remaining  balance  of  the  liability  for  each  period.  The right-of-use  asset  is  depreciated  over  the  shorter  of  the  asset's  useful  life  and  the  lease  term  on  a straight-line basis.

The  consideration  paid  to  lease  the  state-owned  or  collectively-owned  land  in  the  PRC  are  treated as  prepayment  for  land  use  rights  and  included  in  right  of  use  assets,  which  are  stated  at  cost  less accumulated  amortization  and  impairment  loss,  if  any.  Land  use  rights  are  amortized  over  the  lease period using straight-line method.

Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:

- fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;
- variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;
- the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and
- payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

The  lease  payments  are  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implied  in  the  lease,  if  that  rate  can  be determined, or the respective incremental borrowing rate.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.22   Leases as leasee (cont'd)

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

- the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability;
- any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received any initial direct costs; and
- restoration costs.

Payments  associated  with  short-term  leases  and  leases  of  low-value  assets  are  recognized  on  a straight-line  basis  as  an  expense  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  loss.  Short-term leases  are  leases  with  a  lease  term  of  12  months  or  less.  Low-value  assets  comprise  equipment  and small items of office furniture.

Extension options are only included in the lease term if the lease is reasonably certain to be extended. The Group determine the lease term as the non-cancellable period of a lease, together with both:

- periods covered by an option to extend the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option; and
- periods  covered  by  an  option  to  terminate  the  lease  if  the  lessee  is  reasonably  certain  not  to exercise that option.

## 2.23 Government grants

Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

Where the grants relates to an expense item, it is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the period that the costs, which it is intended to compensate, are expensed. Where the grants relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income account and is released to the profit or loss over the expected useful life of the relevant asset on straight-line basis or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the profit or loss by way of a reduced depreciation charge.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 2 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONT'D)

## 2.24 Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events, it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation and the amount can be reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

Where  there  are  a  number  of  similar  obligations,  the  likelihood  that  an  outflow  will  be  required  in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

Provisions  are  measured  at  the  present  value  of  management's  best  estimate  of  the  expenditure required to settle the present obligation at the end of the year. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The increase in the provision due to the passage of time is recognised as interest expense.

## 2.25 Dividend distribution

Dividend  distribution  to  the  Company's  shareholders  is  recognised  as  a  liability  in  the  Group's consolidated financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company's shareholders or directors, where appropriate.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

## 3.1 Financial risk factors

The  Group's  activities  expose  it  to  a  variety  of  financial  risks:  market  risk  (including  foreign  exchange risk and interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group's overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the  Group's  financial  performance.  Risk  management  is  carried  out  by  the  management  of  the  Group. The Group currently does not use any derivative financial instruments to hedge certain risk exposure.

## (a) Market risk

## (i) Foreign exchange risk

Foreign  exchange  risk  arises  when  future  commercial  transactions  or  recognised  assets  and liabilities  are  denominated  in  a  currency  that  is  not  the  Group  entities'  Functional  Currency. Functional Currency of the Group's entities are RMB.

Certain  bank  balances  and  cash,  other  receivables,  financial  instruments  issued  to  investors and  trade  and  other  payables  are  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  of  respective  group entities.  The  Group  is  exposed  to  foreign  exchange  risk,  primarily  in  USD  and  HKD.  Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant group entity. The Group will constantly review the economic situation and its foreign exchange risk profile, and will consider appropriate hedging measures in the future, as may be necessary.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (a) Market risk (cont'd)

## (i) Foreign exchange risk (cont'd)

Most  foreign  exchange  transactions  were  denominated  in  USD  and  HKD  for  the  group companies  that  have  functional  currency  in  RMB.  As  at  December  31,  2022  and  December 31,  2021,  if  the  USD  and  HKD  strengthened/weakened  by  5%  against  the  RMB  with  all  other variables  held  constant,  net  loss  for  the  year  would  have  been  RMB60,920,000  lower/higher and RMB67,581,000 lower/higher, respectively.

## (ii) Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  fair  value  or  future  cash  flows  of  a  financial  instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. The Group's exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group's interest-bearing borrowings. Borrowings  obtained  at  variable  rates  expose  the  Group  to  cash  flow  interest-rate  risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates exposed the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

The  Group  has  not  hedged  its  cash  flow  or  fair  value  interest-rate  risk.  As  at  December  31, 2022, the Group's borrowings at floating rate amounted to approximately RMB126,831,000.

The  Group  currently  does  not  use  any  interest  rate  swap  contracts  or  other  financial instruments  to  hedge  against  its  interest  rate  risk  exposure.  Management  will  continue  to monitor  interest  rate  risk  exposure  and  will  consider  hedging  significant  interest  rate  risk exposure should the need arise.

As at December 31, 2022, if the interest rates on borrowings at floating rates had been 10% higher/lower with all other variables held constant, the Group's loss before income tax for the year would have been higher/lower by approximately RMB14,000 (2021: Nil), mainly as a result of higher/lower interest expenses on borrowings.

## (b) Credit risk

Credit risk mainly arises from cash and cash equivalents and term deposits, trade receivables and other receivables. The maximum exposure to credit risk is represented by the carrying amount of each financial asset in the consolidated balance sheet.

## (i) Risk management

To  manage  this  risk,  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  term  deposits  and  interest  receivables are  mainly  placed  with  state-owned  banks  or  reputable  commercial  banks  which  are high-credit-quality financial institutions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (b) Credit risk (cont'd)

## (i) Risk management (cont'd)

To manage risk arising from trade receivables, the Group has policies in place to ensure that credit  terms  are  made  to  counterparties  with  an  appropriate  credit  history  and  management performs  ongoing  credit  evaluations  of  the  counterparties.  The  credit  period  granted  to  the customers  is  usually  around  60  days  and  the  credit  quality  of  these  customers  is  assessed, which takes into account their financial position, past experience and other factors.

For  other  receivables,  management  makes  periodic  assessments  as  well  as  individual assessment on the recoverability based on historical settlement records and past experience and adjusts for forward looking information.

## (ii) Impairment of financial assets

The  Group's  financial  assets  that  are  subject  to  the  ECL  assessment,  include  cash  and  cash equivalents, term deposits and trade and other receivables.

## Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits

The  Group  expects  that  there  is  no  significant  credit  risk  associated  with  cash  and  cash equivalents  and  term  deposits  since  they  are  deposited  at  state-owned  banks  or  reputable commercial banks which are high-credit-quality financial institutions. There has been no recent history  of  default  in  relation  to  these  financial  institutions.  These  instruments  are  considered to  have  low  credit  risk  because  they  have  a  low  risk  of  default  and  the  counterparty  has  a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term. Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits are also subject to the impairment requirements of IFRS 9, while the identified impairment loss was immaterial.

## Trade receivables

The  Group  applies  the  IFRS  9  simplified  approach  to  measure  ECL  which  uses  a  lifetime expected loss for all trade receivables.

The  expected  loss  rates  are  based  on  external  credit  assessment  according  to  the  public, adjusted  to  reflect  current  and  forward-looking  information  on  macroeconomic  factors affecting  the  ability  of  the  customers  to  settle  the  receivables.  The  Group  has  identified  the gross  domestic  product  index  (' GDP ')  and  consumer  price  index  (' CPI ')  of  the  country  in which it sells its goods to be the most relevant factors, and accordingly adjusts the historical loss rates based on expected changes in these factors.

At December 31, 2022, the Group had concentration of credit risk for its trade receivables as 100%  (2021:  nil)  of  the  amount  was  attributable  to  the  Group's  customers  for  Transcatheter Valve  Therapeutic  Business.  Since  the  trade  receivables  were  due  from  two  distribution companies  with  good  creditability,  the  management  considered  that  the  Group's  credit  risk was low and ECL was minimal at December 31, 2022.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (b) Credit risk (cont'd)

## (ii) I mpairment of financial assets (cont'd)

Other receivables

Management has assessed that during the year, other receivables have not had a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. Thus, a 12-month expected credit loss approach that results from possible default event within 12 months of each reporting date is adopted by management. The directors of the Group do not expect any losses from non-performance by the counterparties of other receivables and no loss allowance provision for other receivables was recognised.

## (c) Liquidity risk

The Group aims to maintain sufficient cash and cash equivalents. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the policy of the Group is to regularly monitor the Group's liquidity risk and to maintain adequate cash and cash equivalents to meet the Group's liquidity requirements.

The  table  below  analyses  the  Group's  non-derivative  financial  liabilities  that  will  be  settled  into relevant  maturity  grouping  based  on  the  remaining  period  at  each  balance  sheet  date  to  the contractual  maturity  date.  The  amounts  disclosed  in  the  table  are  the  contractual  undiscounted cash flows.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.1 Financial risk factors (cont'd)

## (c) Liquidity risk (cont'd)

The following table presents the Group's contractual maturities of financial liabilities at December 31, 2022:

| Less than  1 year  Between 1  and 2 years  Between 2  and 5 years  Over  5 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at December 31, 2022  Borrowings  58,791  7,120  70,632  -  136,543  Trade and other payables  (Note 31)  459,200  -  -  -  459,200  Lease liabilities  3,113  2,182  24  -  5,319  521,104  9,302  70,656  -  601,062   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table presents the Group's contractual maturities of financial liabilities at December 31, 2021:

| Less than  1 year  Between 1  and 2 years  Between 2  and 5 years  Over  5 years  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at December 31, 2021  Trade and other payables  (Note 31)  85,284  -  -  -  85,284  Lease liabilities  3,545  3,238  1,309  -  8,092  88,829  3,238  1,309  -  93,376   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade  and  other  payables  exclude  accrued  taxes  other  than  income  tax  and  staff  salaries and  welfare  payables.  Lease  liabilities  and  borrowings  have  taken  the  impact  of  interest  into consideration.

## 3.2  Capital risk management

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In  order  to  maintain  or  adjust  the  capital  structure,  the  Group  may  issue  new  shares  or  sell  assets  to reduce debt.

The Group monitors capital (including share capital and share premium, and other reserves) by regularly reviewing the capital structure. As a part of this review, the Company considers the cost of capital and the risks associated with the issued share capital. In the opinion of the directors of the Company, the Group's capital risk is low.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.3  Fair value estimation

The carrying amounts of the Group's financial instruments not measured at fair value (including cash and cash equivalents, other receivables and trade and other payables) approximate their fair values.

The Group applies IFRS 13 for financial instruments that are measured in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, which requires disclosure of fair value measurements by levels of the following fair value measurement hierarchy:

- Level 1: The  fair  value  of  financial  instruments  traded  in  active  markets  (such  as  publicly  traded derivatives,  and  equity  securities)  is  based  on  quoted  market  prices  at  the  end  of  the reporting period. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.
- Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all  significant  inputs  required  to  fair  value  an  instrument  are  observable,  the  instrument  is included in level 2.
- Level 3: If  one  or  more  of  the  significant  inputs  is  not  based  on  observable  market  data,  the instrument is included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.

The following table presents the Group's assets that were measured at fair value at December 31, 2022:

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Assets:  Financial assets at fair value through profit or  loss  - Unlisted equity investment  (Note 21)  -  -  245,153  245,153  - Unlisted fund investment  (Note 21)  -  -  71,564  71,564  -  -  316,717  316,717   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.3 Fair value estimation (cont'd)

The following table presents the Group's assets that were measured at fair value at December 31, 2021:

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Assets:  Financial assets at fair value through profit or  loss  - Unlisted equity investment  (Note 21)  -  -  224,424  224,424   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

- Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments; and
- Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining financial instruments.

There were no changes in valuation techniques for the year ended December 31, 2022.

There were no transfers between levels 1, 2 and 3 for recurring fair value measurements for the year ended December 31, 2022.

The changes in level 3 instruments for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in Note 21.

## Valuation processes of the Group (Level 3)

The  Group  has  a  team  of  personnel  who  performs  valuation  on  the  level  3  instruments  for  financial reporting purposes. On an annual basis, the team adopts various valuation techniques to determine the fair value of these instruments.

As  a  December  31,  2022,  the  components  of  the  level  3  instruments  include  a  fund  investment  and equity  investments  in  unlisted  entities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  The  equity  investments  in unlisted entities mainly represent acquisitions of preferred shares of three third parties.

## 3 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (CONT'D)

## 3.3 Fair value estimation (cont'd)

## Valuation processes of the Group (Level 3) (cont'd)

As these instruments are not traded in an active market, their fair values have been determined using various applicable valuation techniques, including equity allocation approach. Major assumptions used in the valuation include risk free rate, volatility, historical financial results, assumptions about future growth rates, estimates of weighted average cost of capital (WACC), discount for lack of marketability and other exposure etc.

| Valuation  techniques  Significant  unobservable inputs  Range  Unlisted equity securities  Equity allocation model  Risk free rate  4.12%-4.58%  Volatility  40.31%-43.89%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  fund  investment  in  unlisted  entity  represented  the  investment  in  a  private  fund  issued  by  a registered fund company. The Group used discounted cash flows approach to value the fair value of the investment as at December 31, 2022.

If  the  fair  values  of  financial  assets  and  liabilities  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  held  by  the  Group had  been  10%  higher/lower,  the  loss  before  income  tax  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and 2021 would have been approximately RMB31,672,000 and RMB22,442,500 higher/lower, respectively.

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  requires  the  use  of  accounting  estimates  which,  by  definition,  will seldom  equal  the  actual  results.  Management  also  need  to  exercise  judgement  in  applying  the  Group's accounting policies.

Estimates  and  judgements  are  continually  evaluated.  They  are  based  on  historical  experience  and  other factors, including expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

## (1) Critical accounting judgement

## Research and development expenditures

Certain  techonologies  are  for  in-licenses  and  IPR&amp;D,  with  non-refundable  upfront  payment,  milestone payment  and  royalty  payment.  These  milestone  payments  are  capitalized  as  intangible  assets  when incurred if the payment is due on a verifiable outcome, and are treated as research and development expenditures if it is due for the execution of outsourced research and development work.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONT'D)

## (1) Critical accounting judgement (cont'd)

## Research and development expenditures (cont'd)

Research and development costs incurred on the Group's pipeline products are capitalized only when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available  for  use  or  sale,  the  Group's  intention  to  complete  and  the  Group's  ability  to  use  or  sell  the asset,  how  the  asset  will  generate  future  economic  benefits,  the  availability  of  resources  to  complete the pipeline and the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Development costs  which  do  not  meet  these  criteria  are  expensed  when  incurred.  Management  will  assess  the progress  of  each  of  the  research  and  development  projects  and  determine  the  criteria  are  met  for capitalization. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, all expenses incurred for research and  development  activities  were  regarded  as  costs  incurred  during  the  research  phase  and  therefore were expensed when incurred.

## (2) Critical accounting estimates

## (a) Estimated impairment of goodwill and technologies not available for use

The Group tests whether goodwill has suffered any impairment on an annual basis. The recoverable amount of a cash generating unit (' CGU ')  is  determined based on value-in-use calculations which require  the  use  of  assumptions.  The  calculations  use  cash  flow  projections  based  on  financial budgets  approved  by  management  covering  a  six-year  period.  Cash  flows  beyond  the  six-year period  are  extrapolated  using  the  estimated  revenue  growth  rates.  Details  of  impairment  charge, key assumptions and impact of possible changes in key assumptions are disclosed in Note 18.

The  Group  is  required  to  test  impairment  of  intangible  assets  not  available  for  use  on  an  annual basis.  Intangible  assets  are  tested  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that the  carrying  amount  of  those  assets  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount.  The  recoverable  amount  is determined based on the higher of fair value less cost to sell and value in use.

Determination of the value in use is an area involving management judgement in order to assess whether the carrying value of the intangible assets not available for use can be supported by the net present value of future cash flows. In calculating the net present value of the future cash flows, certain  assumptions  are  required  to  be  made  in  respect  of  highly  uncertain  matters  including management's expectations  of  (I)  estimated  cost  to  completion  of  the  development;  (II)  timing  of commercialisation,  productivity  and  sales  volume;  (III)  gross  profit  margin,  which  is  calculated  as gross  profit  divided  by  revenue;  (IV)  revenue  growth  rate;  (V)  percentage  of  costs  and  operating expenses  to  the  revenue;  and  (VI)  the  selection  of  post-tax  discount  rates  to  reflect  the  risks involved.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 4 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (CONT'D)

## (2) Critical accounting estimates (cont'd)

## (b) Fair value of financial instruments

The Group has used the discount cash flow method for the valuation of the unlisted fund investment and the equity allocation model for the valuation of three unlisted equity investments to determine the fair value of these financial assets at the end of year as detailed in Note 21 to these financial statements.  These  valuations  require  the  Group  to  make  estimates  about  scenario  probabilities, risk free rate, discount rate and forward exchange rate, and hence, they are subject to uncertainty. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair values of the unlisted investments  were  RMB316,717,000  (2021:  RMB224,424,000).  Further  details  are  included  in  Notes 21(i) and Notes 21(ii) to these financial statements.

## (c) Recognition of share-based compensation expenses

As  mentioned  in  Note  27,  equity-settled  share-based  compensation  plans  were  granted  to the  Group's  employees  and  consultant  other  than  employees.  For  employees,  the  Company has  engaged  an  independent  valuer  to  determine  the  total  fair  value  of  the  options  granted  to employees, which is to be expensed over the vesting period. Significant estimate on assumptions, such  as  risk-free  interests  rate,  expected  price  volatility  and  expected  option  life,  is  required  to be  made  by  the  Group  in  applying  the  discounted  cash  flow  method.  For  consultant  other  than employees, the fair value of the services are measured directly as of the date on which the services are rendered.

## (d) Estimated useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment and technologies

The  Group's  management  determines  the  estimated  useful  lives,  residual  values  and  related depreciation  and  amortisation  charges  for  the  Group's  property,  plant  and  equipment  and technologies  with  reference  to  the  estimated  periods  that  the  Group  intends  to  derive  future economic  benefits  from  the  use  of  these  assets.  Management  will  revise  the  depreciation  and amortisation  charges  where  useful  lives  are  different  to  that  of  previously  estimated,  or  it  will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives and actual residual values may differ from estimated residual values. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and residual values and therefore depreciation and amortisation charges in future periods.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 5 SEGMENT

## Description of segments and principal activities

The Group's business activities, for which discrete financial information is available, are regularly reviewed and  evaluated  by  the  CODM.  The  CODM,  who  is  responsible  for  allocating  resource  and  assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that make strategic decisions.

The CODM assessed the performance of the operation segments mainly based on segment revenues, cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses, administrative expenses, and research and development expenses of each operation segment. Thus, segment result would present revenues, cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses, administrative expenses, research and development expenses for each segment, which is in line with CODM's performance review.

As a result of this evaluation, the Group determined that it has operating segments as follows:

## Transcatheter Valve Therapeutic Business

Transcatheter  Valve  Therapeutic  Business  is  primarily  operated  by  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Company mainly  comprising  of  Peijia  Suzhou  and  Peijia  Shanghai,  which  is  engaged  in  the  business  of  research  and development, manufacturing and sales of transcatheter valve therapeutic medical devices.

## Neurointerventional Business

Neurointerventional Business is primarily operated by Achieva Medical together with its subsidiaries, which is  engaged  in  the  business  of  research  and  development,  manufacturing  and  sales  of  neurointerventional procedural medical devices.

There  were  no  separate  segment  assets  and  segment  liabilities  information  provided  to  the  CODM,  as CODM does not use this information to allocate resources to or evaluate the performance of the operating segments.

The revenue is mainly generated in China.

## 5 SEGMENT (CONT'D)

The segment information provided to the Group's CODM for reportable segments for the relevant periods is as follows:

## Segment loss

| Year ended December 31, 2022  Transcatheter  Valve Therapeutic  Business  Neurointerventional  Business  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  107,311  143,522  250,833  Cost of sales  (21,830)  (52,802)  (74,632)  Selling and distribution expenses  (172,432)  (69,198)  (241,630)  Administrative expenses  (94,222)  (29,210)  (123,432)  Research and development expenses  (320,663)  (52,464)  (373,127)  Segment loss  (501,836)  (60,152)  (561,988)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year ended December 31, 2021  Transcatheter  Valve Therapeutic  Business  Neurointerventional  Business  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue  41,941  94,593  136,534  Cost of sales  (7,221)  (33,659)  (40,880)  Selling and distribution expenses  (53,482)  (39,770)  (93,252)  Administrative expenses  (84,920)  (29,505)  (114,425)  Research and development expenses  (394,202)  (51,677)  (445,879)  Segment loss  (497,884)  (60,018)  (557,902)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 REVENUE

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue from sales of goods  - at a point in time  250,833  136,534   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 REVENUE (CONT'D)

## Information about major customers

The major customers which contributed more than 10% of the total revenue of the Group for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are listed as below:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Customer A  59,301  20,722  Customer B  48,005  16,384  107,306  37,106   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 EXPENSES BY NATURE

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Change of work in process and finished goods  (18,114)  (19,180)  Raw materials and consumables used  90,257  60,609  Employee benefits expenses  (Note 8)  262,041  171,277  Service expenses for research and development  249,859  340,517  Professional service fees  39,862  27,641  Insurance expenses  35,257  7,830  Meeting expenses  25,381  15,215  Advertisement expenses  22,737  14,985  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (Note 15)  19,479  14,170  Entertainment expenses  15,730  10,391  Utilities and office expenses  13,559  12,314  Travelling and transportation expenses  13,392  10,283  Amortisation of intangible assets  (Note 18)  12,555  9,698  Auditor's remuneration  - audit service  4,121  3,964  - non-audit service  930  1,001  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (Note 14)  3,439  3,077  Depreciation of investment properties  (Note 16)  541  541  Others  21,795  10,103  Total cost of sales, selling and distribution expenses,  administrative expenses and research and development  expenses  812,821  694,436   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Wages, salaries and bonuses  185,913  114,025  Social security costs and housing benefits (a)  36,753  20,655  Other employee benefits  11,426  5,663  Share-based compensation expenses  (Note 27)  27,949  30,934  262,041  171,277   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) The  employees  of  the  Group  in  the  PRC  are  members  of  state-managed  pension  scheme  operated by  the  PRC  Government.  The  Group  is  required  to  contribute  a  specified  percentage  of  payroll  costs as  determined  by  local  government  authority  to  the  pension  obligations  to  fund  the  benefits.  The only  obligation  of  the  Group  with  respect  to  the  retirement  benefits  scheme  is  to  make  the  specified contribution under the scheme.

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022,  no  forfeited  contributions  were  utilised  by  the  Group  to reduce its contributions for the current year (2021: Nil).

## (b) Five highest paid individuals

The  five  individuals  whose  emoluments  were  the  highest  in  the  Group  include  1  director  for  the  year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: 1 director). The emoluments payable to the remaining four (2021: four) individuals during the year are as follows:.

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Basic salaries  4,876  4,802  Discretionary bonuses  392  348  Social security costs and housing benefits  343  130  Share-based compensation expenses  9,300  8,303  14,911  13,583   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES (CONT'D)

## (b) Five highest paid individuals (cont'd)

The emoluments to the remaining 4 individuals (2021: 4 individuals) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are fell within the following bands:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  Emolument bands  HKD2,500,001-HKD3,000,000  1  -  HKD3,000,001-HKD3,500,000  -  1  HKD3,500,001-HKD4,000,000  1  -  HKD4,000,001-HKD4,500,000  1  -  HKD4,500,001-HKD5,000,000  -  1  HKD5,000,001-HKD5,500,000  1  1  HKD7,500,001-HKD8,000,000  -  1  4  4   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES (CONT'D)

## (c) Benefits and interests of directors

The remuneration of each director and chief executive officer for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is set out below:

| Fees  Salaries  Discretionary  bonuses  Share-based  compensation  expenses  Social  security  costs,  housing  benefits and  employee  welfare  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  For the year ended December 31, 2022  Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer  Yi ZHANG  -  1,400  -  -  55  1,455  Non-executive directors  Zhiyun YU  -  -  -  -  -  -  Huacheng WEI (i)  301  -  -  -  -  301  Jifeng GUAN  -  -  -  -  -  -  Jun YANG  -  -  -  -  -  -  Fei CHEN  -  -  -  -  -  -  Stephen Newman OESTERLE  673  -  -  590  -  1,263  Robert Ralph PARKS  673  -  -  600  -  1,273  Wai Ming YIP  301  -  -  -  -  301  Executive directors  Hong YE  -  609  -  1,403  100  2,112  Ping Ye ZHANG  -  78  -  -  37  115  1,948  2,087  -  2,593  192  6,820   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES (CONT'D)

## (c) Benefits and interests of directors (cont'd)

| Fees  Salaries  Discretionary  bonuses  Share-based  compensation  expenses  Social  security  costs,  housing  benefits and  employee  welfare  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  For the year ended December 31, 2021  Chairman of the Board and  Chief Executive Officer  Yi ZHANG  -  1,403  -  694  42  2,139  Non-executive directors  Zhiyun YU  -  -  -  -  -  -  Huacheng WEI (i)  82  -  -  -  -  82  Jifeng GUAN  -  -  -  -  -  -  Jun YANG  -  -  -  -  -  -  Fei CHEN  -  -  -  -  -  -  Stephen Newman OESTERLE  645  -  -  462  -  1,107  Robert Ralph PARKS  645  -  -  487  -  1,132  Wai Ming YIP  290  -  -  -  -  290  Executive directors  Hong YE  -  528  -  2,442  55  3,025  Ping Ye ZHANG  -  145  -  -  32  177  1,662  2,076  -  4,085  129  7,952   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Mr. Huacheng WEI was appointed as a director since September 2021.

## 8 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS EXPENSES (CONT'D)

## (d) Directors' retirement benefits

None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits save as disclosed in table above for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (e) Directors' termination benefits

None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (f) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors' services

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not pay consideration to any third parties for making available directors' services.

## (g) Information  about  loans,  quasi-loans  and  other  dealings  in  favour  of  directors,  bodies corporate controlled by or entities connected with directors

There were no loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (h) Directors' material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

Except as disclosed in Note 35(d), no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group's business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## 9 OTHER INCOME

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Government grants  10,264  8,300  Service income from an associate  (Note 35(c))  1,271  -  Rental income  946  747  Others  279  680  12,760  9,727   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10  OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES)-NET

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Foreign exchange gains/(losses) - net  123,346  (48,139)  Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  581  -  Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (33)  (218)  Losses on early termination of operating lease  (396)  -  Loss from foreign exchange forward contracts - net  (16,922)  -  Share of losses of associate  (167)  -  Others  271  (2,269)  106,680  (50,626)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11  FINANCE INCOME - NET

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Finance income:  Bank interest income  46,629  24,771  Finance costs:  Interest expense on lease liabilities  (Note 14(b))  (311)  (186)  Interest expense on borrowings  (Note 32(b))  (2,005)  -  (2,316)  (186)  Finance income - net  44,313  24,585   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12  INCOME TAX EXPENSE

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  Current income tax  (9,574)  -  Deferred income tax  -  -  Income tax expense  (9,574)  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 12    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONT'D)

The Group's principal applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:

## (a) Mainland China

No provision for Mainland China income tax has been provided for at a rate of 25% or 15% pursuant to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC and the respective regulations (the ' CIT Law '), as the Group's PRC entities have no estimated assessable profits.

According to the relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Taxation of the PRC that has been effective from 2018 onwards, enterprise engaging in research and development activities are entitled to claim 175%-200% of their research and development expenses incurred as tax deductible expenses when determining their assessable profits for that period.

- (b) The  income  tax  of  the  holding  entities  incorporated  in  United  States  are  calculated  based  on  the  net assets and an income tax rate of 0.26%.
- (c) Entities  incorporated  in  other  places  are  subject  to  income  tax  rates  of  0%  prevailing  in  the  places  in which the Group operated.
- (d) The  Group  has  arranged  a  sub-licensing  for  certain  intellectual  property  under  research  and development from a subsidiary incorporated in Hong Kong to Peijia Suzhou, which incurred an income tax of RMB8,966,000 born by the Hong Kong subsidiary.
- (e) A reconciliation of the expected income tax calculated at the applicable tax rate and loss before income tax, with the actual income tax is as follow:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss before income tax  (398,235)  (574,216)  Tax calculated at statutory tax rates applicable to each  group entity  67,314  63,468  Income tax due to sub-licensing within the Group  (8,966)  -  Tax effect of:  Differences in prior years' tax filing  2,846  (8,014)  Expenses not deductible for tax purpose  (Note (i))  (2,556)  (3,213)  Super deduction for research and development expenses  27,461  29,250  Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses  1,047  -  Unrecognised tax losses carried forward  (Note (ii))  (96,720)  (81,491)  Income tax expense  (9,574)  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12    INCOME TAX EXPENSE (CONT'D)

## (e) (cont'd)

- (i) Expenses  not  deductible  for  tax  purpose  primarily  include  expenses  not  related  to  business activities,  welfare  and  entertainment  expenses  exceeding  the  tax  deduction  limits  under  the Corporate Income Tax Law.
- (ii) Deductible losses that are not recognised as deferred tax assets will be expired as follows:

## Tax losses carried forward

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  2023  2,402  2,402  2024  3,090  3,090  2025  4,363  4,363  2026  14,915  14,915  2027  36,251  37,126  2028  51,046  50,841  2029  107,440  122,350  2030  284,081  284,931  2031  386,095  325,967  2032  603,307  -  1,492,990  845,985   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  tax  losses  of  the  Company's  PRC  subsidiaries  will  expire  within  ten  years  for  small  and medium-sized high-tech enterprises.

## 13  LOSS PER SHARE

## (a) Basic loss per share

Basic  loss  per  share  is  calculated  by  dividing  the  loss  of  the  Group  attributable  to  owners  of  the Company  by  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  issued  for  the  years  ended  December  31, 2022 and 2021.

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  Loss for the year and attributable to owners of the Company  (RMB'000)  (407,809)  (574,216)  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue  (thousand)  673,160  661,656  Basic loss per share  (RMB)  (0.61)  (0.86)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13    LOSS PER SHARE (CONT'D)

## (b) Diluted loss per share

Diluted  loss  per  share  is  calculated  by  adjusting  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. For the year ended December 31,  2022,  the  Company  had  one  category  of  potential  ordinary  shares:  the  stock  options  granted  to employees (Note 27). As the Group incurred losses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the  potential  ordinary  shares  were  not  included  in  the  calculation  of  diluted  loss  per  share  as  their inclusion would be anti-dilutive. Accordingly, diluted loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are the same as basic loss per share.

## 14  RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Right-of-use assets  - Land use rights (a)  16,411  16,928  - Buildings (b)  5,209  8,086  21,620  25,014   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (a) Land use rights

- (i) The  Group's  interests  in  land  use  rights  represent  prepaid  operating  lease  payments  for  land located in the PRC and the remaining lease term is 29-40 years. The movements of land use rights are analysed as follows:

| Land use rights  RMB'000  At January 1, 2021  Cost  17,856  Accumulated amortisation  (711)  Net book value  17,145  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  17,145  Additions  300  Amortisation charge  (Note 7)  (517)  Closing net book value  16,928  At December 31, 2021  Cost  18,156  Accumulated amortisation  (1,228)  Net book value  16,928  Year ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  16,928  Amortisation charge  (Note 7)  (517)  Closing net book value  16,411  At December 31, 2022  Cost  18,156  Accumulated amortisation  (1,745)  Net book value  16,411   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (a) Land use rights (cont'd)

- (ii) Amortisation  of  land  use  rights  has  been  charged  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as follows:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Property, plant and equipment  343  -  Administrative expenses  (Note 7)  174  517  T0tal  517  517   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (b) Buildings

- (i) The Group leases offices for own use. Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below:

| Buildings  RMB'000  At December 31, 2021  Cost  4,366  Accumulated depreciation  (3,378)  Net book value  988  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  988  Additions  9,658  Depreciation charge  (Note 7)  (2,560)  Closing net book value  8,086  At December 31, 2021  Cost  12,243  Accumulated depreciation  (4,157)  Net book value  8,086  Year ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  8,086  Additions  5,203  Early termination  (4,815)  Depreciation charge  (Note 7)  (3,265)  Closing net book value  5,209  At December 31, 2022  Cost  10,041  Accumulated depreciation  (4,832)  Net book value  5,209   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14    RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (b) Buildings (cont'd)

(ii) Lease liabilities recognised in the consolidated balance sheet

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Lease liabilities  - current  2,892  3,545  - non-current  2,152  4,082  5,044  7,627   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(iii) Amounts recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  (Note 7)  3,265  2,560  Interest expense  (Note 11)  311  186   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Furniture  Electronic  equipment  Machinery  Vehicles  Construction  in progress  Leasehold  improvements  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At January 1, 2021  Cost  53,528  2,513  9,832  26,656  2,483  1,054  17,904  113,970  Accumulated depreciation  (6,650)  (1,191)  (4,612)  (3,867)  (365)  -  (8,068)  (24,753)  Net book value  46,878  1,322  5,220  22,789  2,118  1,054  9,836  89,217  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  46,878  1,322  5,220  22,789  2,118  1,054  9,836  89,217  Transferred in from construction in progress  -  -  -  -  -  (11,419)  11,419  -  Transfer to intangible assets  (Note 18)  -  -  -  -  -  (186)  -  (186)  Additions  -  2,228  6,620  26,827  -  39,588  1,740  77,003  Disposals  -  (4)  (43)  (184)  -  (428)  -  (659)  Depreciation charge  (Note 7)  (3,101)  (554)  (2,953)  (3,320)  (454)  -  (3,788)  (14,170)  Closing net book value  43,777  2,992  8,844  46,112  1,664  28,609  19,207  151,205  At December 31, 2021  Cost  53,528  4,724  16,115  53,187  2,483  28,609  31,063  189,709  Accumulated depreciation  (9,751)  (1,732)  (7,271)  (7,075)  (819)  -  (11,856)  (38,504)  Net book value  43,777  2,992  8,844  46,112  1,664  28,609  19,207  151,205   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONT'D)

| Buildings  Furniture  Electronic  equipment  Machinery  Vehicles  Construction  in progress  Leasehold  improvements  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At January 1, 2022  Cost  53,528  4,724  16,115  53,187  2,483  28,609  31,063  189,709  Accumulated depreciation  (9,751)  (1,732)  (7,271)  (7,075)  (819)  -  (11,856)  (38,504)  Net book value  43,777  2,992  8,844  46,112  1,664  28,609  19,207  151,205  Year ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  43,777  2,992  8,844  46,112  1,664  28,609  19,207  151,205  Transferred in from construction in progress  -  -  -  9,425  -  (16,328)  6,903  -  Transfer to intangible assets  (Note 18)  -  -  -  -  -  (2,874)  -  (2,874)  Additions  34  2,652  3,963  17,179  3  158,007  634  182,472  Disposals  -  (59)  (6)  (29)  -  -  (5,411)  (5,505)  Depreciation charge  (Note 7)  (3,107)  (814)  (4,517)  (5,294)  (447)  -  (5,300)  (19,479)  Closing net book value  40,704  4,771  8,284  67,393  1,220  167,414  16,033  305,819  At December 31, 2022  Cost  53,562  7,317  20,072  79,762  2,486  167,414  38,600  369,213  Accumulated depreciation  (12,858)  (2,546)  (11,788)  (12,369)  (1,266)  -  (22,567)  (63,394)  Net book value  40,704  4,771  8,284  67,393  1,220  167,414  16,033  305,819   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Depreciation  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  has  been  charged  to  the  consolidated  statements  of comprehensive loss as follows:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of sales  4,982  2,955  Selling and distribution expenses  405  262  Administrative expenses  7,977  5,892  Research and development expenses  6,115  5,061  Total  (Note 7)  19,479  14,170   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16  INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| Buildings  Land use rights  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At January 1, 2021  Cost  8,405  631  9,036  Accumulated depreciation and amortisation  (919)  (27)  (946)  Net book value  7,486  604  8,090  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  7,486  604  8,090  Depreciation and amortisation charge  (Note 7)  (525)  (16)  (541)  Closing net book value  6,961  588  7,549  At December 31, 2021  Cost  8,405  631  9,036  Accumulated depreciation and amortisation  (1,444)  (43)  (1,487)  Net book value  6,961  588  7,549  Year ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  6,961  588  7,549  Depreciation and amortisation charge  (Note 7)  (525)  (16)  (541)  Closing net book value  6,436  572  7,008  At December 31, 2022  Cost  8,405  631  9,036  Accumulated depreciation and amortisation  (1,969)  (59)  (2,028)  Net book value  6,436  572  7,008   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 16    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONT'D)

- (i) As  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  fair  values  of  the  investment  properties  of  the  Group  were RMB8,160,000  and  RMB8,190,000  respectively,  determined  by  an  independent  professional  valuation firm.

Depreciation and amortisation have been charged to administrative expenses amounted to RMB541,000 for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  and  RMB541,000  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021 respectively.

## (ii) Leasing arrangements

The  investment  properties  are  leased  to  tenant  under  operating  leases  with  rentals  payable  monthly. There are no variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate. Where considered necessary to reduce credit risk, the Group may obtain bank guarantees for the term of the lease.

Although the Group is exposed to changes in the residual value at the end of the current leases, the Group typically enters into new operating leases and therefore will not immediately realise any reduction in residual value at the end of these leases. Expectations about the future residual values are reflected in the fair value of the properties.

Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 year  642  582  Between 1 and 2 years  -  582  642  1,164   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17a  SUBSIDIARIES

The  Group's  principal  subsidiaries  at  December  31,  2022  are  set  out  below.  Unless  otherwise  stated,  they have share capital consisting solely of ordinary shares that are held directly by the Group, and the proportion of  ownership  interests  held  equals  the  voting  rights  held  by  the  Group.  The  country  of  incorporation  or registration is also their principal place of business.

| Name of entity  Place of  incorporation  and kind of legal  entity  Principal  activities and  place of operation  Particulars of  issued share  capital/Paid in  Capital  Ownership interest held  by the group  Ownership interest  held by non-controlling  interests  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  %  %  Marvel Finder  Limited  Hong Kong, limited  liability company  Holding, HK  10,000 ordinary  shares  USD362,893,978.11  100  100  -  -  Peijia Suzhou  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Research and  development,  manufacturing  and sales of  transcatheter  valve therapeutic  devices, PRC  RMB2,300,000,000  100  100  -  -  Peijia Shanghai  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Research and  development of  transcatheter  valve therapeutic  devices, PRC  RMB15,500,000  100  100  -  -  Achieva Medical  Cayman Islands,  limited liability  company  Holding, Cayman  Islands  671,334,904 ordinary  shares of USD0.0001  each, USD67,133.49  100  100  -  -  Achieva Medical  HK Limited  Hong Kong, limited  liability company  Holding, HK  1 ordinary share  USD58,873,000  100  100  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17a  SUBSIDIARIES (CONT'D)

| Name of entity  Place of  incorporation  and kind of legal  entity  Principal  activities and  place of operation  Particulars of  issued share  capital/Paid in  Capital  Ownership interest held  by the group  Ownership interest  held by non-controlling  interests  2022  2021  2022  2021  %  %  %  %  Achieva Medical  (Shanghai) Co.,  Ltd  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Research and  development,  manufacturing  and sales of  neurointerventional  procedural medical  devices, PRC  USD58,680,000  100  100  -  -  Achieva Medical  (Suzhou) Co.,  Ltd.  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Research and  development,  manufacturing  and sales of  neurointerventional  procedural medical  devices, PRC  RMB121,000,000  100  100  -  -  Jiangxi Zhisheng  Medical  Equipment Co.,  Ltd.  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Trading, PRC  RMB9,470,000  100  100  -  -  Peijia Medical  Holding Limited  Cayman Islands,  limited liability  company  Holding, Cayman  Islands  50,000 ordinary shares  of USD1 each,  USD50,000  100  100  -  -  Peijia Medical US  Limited  US, limited liability  company  Holding, US  10,000 ordinary shares  of USD0.001 each,  USD10  100  100  -  -  Suzhou Jiasheng  Venture Capital  Partnership  (Limited  Partnership)  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Investment, PRC  RMB25,000,000  98  -  2  -  Peijia Medical  (Haining) Co.,  Ltd.  People's Republic  of China, limited  liability company  Trading, PRC  RMB7,242,200  100  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17b  INVESTMENTS ACCOUNTED FOR USING THE EQUITY METHOD

The  Group  has  interests  in  an  individually  immaterial  associate  that  are  accounted  for  using  the  equity method.

The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Associate (a)  333  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss are as follows:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Associate (a)  167  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Investment in an associate

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  (Unaudited)  (Unaudited)  Beginning of the year  -  -  Additions  500  -  Loss for the year  (167)  -  End of the year  333  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18  INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Goodwill  Technologies  Computer  software  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  At January 1, 2021  Cost  51,658  170,740  1,344  223,742  Accumulated amortisation  -  (9,467)  (555)  (10,022)  Net book value  51,658  161,273  789  213,720  Year ended December 31, 2021  Opening net book value  51,658  161,273  789  213,720  Transferred in from construction in progress  (Note 15)  -  -  186  186  Additions (b)  -  70,133  2,161  72,294  Amortisation charge  (Note 7)  -  (8,545)  (1,153)  (9,698)  Closing net book value  51,658  222,861  1,983  276,502  At December 31, 2021  Cost  51,658  240,873  3,691  296,222  Accumulated amortisation  -  (18,012)  (1,708)  (19,720)  Net book value  51,658  222,861  1,983  276,502  Year ended December 31, 2022  Opening net book value  51,658  222,861  1,983  276,502  Transferred in from construction in progress  (Note 15)  -  -  2,874  2,874  Additions (b)  -  269,400  2,729  272,129  Amortisation charge  (Note 7)  -  (10,524)  (2,031)  (12,555)  Closing net book value  51,658  481,737  5,555  538,950  At December 31, 2022  Cost  51,658  510,273  9,294  571,225  Accumulated amortisation  -  (28,536)  (3,739)  (32,275)  Net book value  51,658  481,737  5,555  538,950   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

- (a) Amortisation  of  intangible  assets  has  been  charged  to  the  consolidated  statements  of  comprehensive loss as follows:
- (b) For the year ended December 31, 2022, the additions included (i) an intellectual property under research and  development  (' Technology  C ')  of  USD19,921,000  (approximately  RMB126,888,000)  acquired  by  a subsidiary of the Company from a third party; (ii) a milestone payment of USD20,000,000 (approximately RMB142,512,000) related to an intellectual property under research and development (' Technology B ') acquired by the Company in prior year.

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cost of sales  10,524  4,519  Administrative expenses  1,113  5,179  Selling and distribution expenses  675  -  Research and development expenses  243  -  Total  (Note 7)  12,555  9,698   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company acquired an intellectual property under research and development (' Technology B ') of USD11,000,000 (approximately RMB70,133,000) from a third party.

## (c) Goodwill

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Acquisition of Achieva Group  51,658  51,658   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Impairment review on the goodwill of the Group has been conducted by an independent qualified valuer as at 31 December 2022. For the purpose of impairment review, the recoverable amount of the CGU is determined  based  on  value-in-use  calculations.  These  calculations  use  pre-tax  cash  flow  projections based on financial budgets prepared by management covering a six-year period. Cash flows beyond the six-year period are extrapolated using the estimated terminal growth rates stated below.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 18    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (c) Goodwill (cont'd)

The key parameters used for value-in-use calculations are as follows:

| Gross profit  margin  Revenue  Growth rate of  the projection  period  Terminal  growth rate  Pre-tax  discount rate  As at December 31, 2022  61.2%~69.9%  5.6%~81.7%  2.3%  23.8%  As at December 31, 2021  65.5%~70.9%  6.6%~52.8%  2.5%  23.6%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The revenue growth rate and budgeted gross profit margin for the six-year period were determined by the management based on past performance and its expectation for market and product development. The terminal growth rate used does not exceed the industry growth forecast for the market in which the Group operates. The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects market assessments of the time value and the specific risks relating to the industry.

Based on the result of the goodwill impairment testing, the estimated recoverable amount of the CGU far exceeded its carrying amount and the headroom was RMB149,377,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: RMB221,095,000). The management of the Group has not identified that a reasonable possible change in any of the key assumptions that could cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount.

The Group performs the sensitivity analysis based on the assumptions that revenue amount or terminal value or the discount rate have been changed. Had the estimated key assumptions during the forecast period been changed as below, the headroom would be decreased to as below:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Revenue decreases by 10%  70,150  145,964  Terminal value decreases by 10%  101,642  188,709  Discount rate increases by 5%  96,259  178,370   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (d) Technologies not available for use

The technologies included the following technologies under research and development:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Technology A  -  42,560  Technology B  212,645  70,133  Technology C  126,888  -  339,533  112,693   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  balance  of  technologies  under  research  and  development  were RMB339,533,000  (2021:  RMB112,693,000).  Technologies  under  research  and  development  are  not available for use and are tested whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount  of  those  assets  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount  and  on  an  annual  basis.  Impairment  review has  been  conducted  by  an  independent  qualified  valuer  as  at  31  December  2022.  For  the  purpose  of impairment review,  the  recoverable  amount  is  determined  based  on  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  cost to sell and value in use. In respect of the value in use calculation, the Group use cash flow projections based  on  financial  budgets  prepared  by  management  covering  a  period  of  2  to  3  years  for  further development of currently  ongoing  projects  and  a  period  of  15  years  with  production  and  sales  of  the future products of these projects.

Fair value less cost to sell was estimated using the discounted cash flow approach. For the discounted cash  flow,  the  estimated  revenue  was  based  on  the  management's  expected  timing  of  the  product candidates' commercialization, productivity and sales volume. The management estimated the product candidates'  sales  volume,  gross  profit  margin  and  revenue  growth  rate  based  on  market  conditions and the state of technology development. The management then adjusted the estimated net profit by applying a percentage of costs and operating expenses to the revenue, which was based on the current operating margin levels of comparable companies, with adjustments made based on the management's industry experience as well as the research and development plans. Finally, the management estimated the post-tax discount rate based on the industry practice and incorporated with the uncertain success rate of commercialization for the applicable product candidates.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 18    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (d) Technologies not available for use (cont'd)

The key assumptions used as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows.

Technology A

| Gross profit  margin  Revenue  Growth rate  Percentage  of costs and  operating  expenses to  the revenue  Post-tax  discount rate  As at December 31, 2021  58.0%~63.9%  -45.5%~120.8%  62.7%~84.5%  22.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, Technology A was available for use and started being amortised due to the Group  received  related  approvals  from  the  National  Medical  Products  Administration  of  the  PRC  (the ' NMPA ').

As  at  December  31,  2021,  based  on  the  result  of  impairment  assessment,  the  recoverable  amount of  Technology  A  under  research  and  development  is  estimated  to  exceed  the  carrying  amount  by RMB16,610,000. Considering there was still sufficient headroom based on the assessment, the Directors and management believe that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of Technology A under research and development to exceed its recoverable amount.

The  recoverable  amount  of  Technology  A  under  research  and  development  would  equal  its  carrying amount if each of the key assumptions were to change as follows, with all other variables held constant, and  the  Directors  and  management  believe  that  the  key  assumptions  would  not  likely  to  change  as follows:

| As at  December 31,  2021  RMB'000  Gross profit margin decreased by  13.44%  Revenue decreased by  23.62%  Percentage of costs and operating expenses to the revenue increased by  13.66%  Post-tax discount rate increased by  28.54%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (d) Technologies not available for use (cont'd)

Technology B

| Gross profit  margin  Revenue  growth rate  Percentage  of costs and  operating  expenses to  the revenue  Post-tax  discount rate  As at December 31, 2022  64.0%~78.0%  -49.0%~414.2%  51%~123%  29%  As at December 31, 2021  64.0%~78.0%  -49.0%~414.2%  51%~123%  29%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based  on  the  result  of  impairment  assessment,  the  recoverable  amount  of  Technology  B  under research  and  development  is  estimated  to  exceed  the  carrying  amount  as  at  December  31,  2022  by RMB292,501,000 (2021:  RMB16,791,401).  Considering  there  was  still  sufficient  headroom  based  on  the assessment,  the  Directors  and  management  believe  that  a  reasonably  possible  change  in  any  of  the key assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount of Technology B under research and development to exceed its recoverable amount.

The  recoverable  amount  of  Technology  B  under  research  and  development  would  equal  its  carrying amount if each of the key assumptions were to change as follows, with all other variables held constant, and  the  Directors  and  management  believe  that  the  key  assumptions  would  not  likely  to  change  as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Gross profit margin decreased by  9.35%  4.37%  Revenue decreased by  31.30%  15.17%  Percentage of costs and operating expenses to the revenue  increased by  23.95%  4.00%  Post-tax discount rate increased by  15.95%  6.58%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 18    INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONT'D)

## (d) Technologies not available for use (cont'd)

Technology C

| Gross profit  margin  Revenue  growth rate  Percentage  of costs and  operating  expenses to  the revenue  Post-tax  discount rate  As at December 31, 2022  64.0%~78.0%  -30.7%-200.9%  57%-183.8%  29%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Based  on  the  result  of  impairment  assessment,  the  recoverable  amount  of  Technology  C  under research  and  development  is  estimated  to  exceed  the  carrying  amount  as  at  December  31,  2022  by RMB47,427,000  (2021:  nil).  Considering  there  was  still  sufficient  headroom  based  on  the  assessment, the Directors and management believe that a reasonably possible change in any of the key assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of Technology C under research and development to exceed its recoverable amount.

The  recoverable  amount  of  Technology  C  under  research  and  development  would  equal  its  carrying amount if each of the key assumptions were to change as follows, with all other variables held constant, and  the  Directors  and  management  believe  that  the  key  assumptions  would  not  likely  to  change  as follows:

| As at  December 31,  2022  RMB'000  Gross profit margin decreased by  5.08%  Revenue decreased by  13.92%  Percentage of costs and operating expenses to the revenue increased by  5.41%  Post-tax discount rate increased by  7.29%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 19  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade receivables from  - third parties (a)  12,595  -  Other receivables from  - employees (b)  29,984  -  - related parties  8,748  -  - third parties  8,498  3,639  Value-added tax recoverable  12,683  14,550  Interest receivables  10,302  5,475  Deposits  1,868  1,926  Others  6,873  7,743  Total  91,551  33,333  Less: non-current portion  (13,825)  -  Current portion  77,726  33,333   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the ageing analysis of the trade receivables based on invoice date were as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Not overdue  12,595  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(b) Other  receivables  from  employees  included  a  loan  to  an  employee  amounted  to  RMB13,825,000,  of which the nominal value was HKD16,000,000 (equivalent to RMB14,293,000). The loan was interest-free and will be repayable in March 2024.

## 20  PREPAYMENTS

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Prepayments to:  - inventories  46,007  19,860  - research and development service  8,022  2,940  - equipment not received  6,318  1,607  - intellectual property under research and development  -  51,006  - others  7,280  8,009  67,627  83,422  Less: non-current portion  (6,318)  (52,613)  Current portion  61,309  30,809   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21  FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current assets  Unlisted equity investment (i)  245,153  224,424  Current assets  Unlisted fund investment (ii)  71,564  -  316,717  224,424   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONT'D)

(i) The movements in the carrying value of the unlisted equity investment for the years are as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Opening balance  224,424  -  Additions  -  227,371  Exchange gains/(losses) on financial assets  20,729  (2,947)  Closing balance  245,153  224,424   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  year  ended  December 31, 2022, the unlisted equity investments represented preferred shares of three unlisted entities owned by the Group. The equity interest percentage owned by the Group over these three entities are 14%, 50% and 3% respectively. As the Group has preferential rights compared with the ordinary shareholders, which significantly differentiate the risks and rewards undertaken, these investments are accounted as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.

(ii) The movements in the carrying value of unlisted debt investment for the years are as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Opening balance  -  3,262  Additions  73,575  32,245  Exchange loss on financial assets  (2,592)  -  Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  581  -  Redemption  -  (35,507)  Closing balance  71,564  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022, the unlisted fund investment represented interest in a private fund issued by a registered fund company. The principle amount of the investment was HKD80,000,000 (approximately RMB73,575,000).

## 22  INVENTORIES

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Materials in transit  7,131  805  Raw materials  78,633  40,016  Finished goods  34,485  18,873  Work in progress  8,915  6,413  129,164  66,107  Write-down of the inventories  (1,980)  -  127,184  66,107   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Inventories  recognised  as  costs  or  expenses  during  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  amounted  to RMB72,143,000  (2021:  RMB41,429,000).  These  were  included  in  cost  of  sales,  research  and  development expenses and selling and distribution expenses.

Write-downs  of  inventories  to  net  realisable  value  amounted  to  RMB1,980,000  (2021:nil).  These  were recognised as an expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and included in 'cost of sales' in the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss.

## 23  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND TERM DEPOSITS

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash in bank  1,839,665  2,296,112  Less: term deposits over one year (a)  (170,000)  -  1,669,665  2,296,112   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Cash and cash equivalents and term deposits are denominated  in:  - USD  497,854  566,431  - HKD  474,483  611,193  - RMB  867,328  1,118,488  1,839,665  2,296,112   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The directors of the Company considered that the carrying amount of the term deposits with initial terms of over one year was approximated to their fair value as at December 31, 2022.

## 24  SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM

| Number of  ordinary  shares  Share  capital  Share  premium  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Issued:  As at January 1, 2021  632,918,000  449  5,512,309  5,512,758  Issuance of ordinary shares (i)  33,800,000  22  810,537  810,559  Exercise of share options (ii)  4,616,904  3  17,134  17,137  Restricted share units vested under  the trust (iii)  -  *  (857)  (857)  As at December 31, 2021  671,334,904  474  6,339,123  6,339,597  As at January 1, 2022  671,334,904  474  6,339,123  6,339,597  Exercise of share options (ii)  6,079,124  4  33,506  33,510  Restricted share units vested under  the trust (iii)  -  *  (3,559)  (3,559)  As at December 31, 2022  677,414,028  478  6,369,070  6,369,548   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) In  January  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  the  placing  agreement  with  the  placing  agent,  pursuant to  which  the  Company  has  conditionally  agreed  to  place,  through  the  placing  agent,  an  aggregate of  33,800,000  placing  shares  to  not  less  than  six  placees  at  a  price  of  HKD29.38  per  placing  share, representing 5.1% of the issued share capital of the Company as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the placing shares immediately upon completion of the placing.

The  proceeds  from  the  placing  will  be  used  to  fund  potential  product  licensing  and  possible  merger and  acquisition  opportunities  in  the  area  of  mitral  valve  replacement  and  repair  treatment  and  other areas  including  tricuspid  valve  replacement  and  repair  treatment;  ongoing  technology  transfer, product  development,  and  research  and  development,  across  the  Group;  and  for  other  general corporate  purposes  where  appropriate.  The  placing  was  completed  and  proceeds  of  HKD971,170,878 (approximately RMB810,559,000) were received in January 2021.

- (ii) For the year ended December 31, 2022, certain employees exercised stock options granted to them in 2017, 2019 and 2021, and 6,079,124 Shares were issued to them (2021: 4,616,904).

(iii) The change of share capital is less than RMB1,000.

## 25  TREASURY SHARES HELD IN A TRUST

| Number of  treasury shares  Amount  RMB'000  As at January 1, 2022  (4,640,546)  (84,549)  Acquisition of shares under restricted share units plan (i)  (838,000)  (5,183)  Restricted share units vested under the trust (ii)  266,242  6,993  As at December 31, 2022  (5,212,304)  (82,739)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) On  December  31,  2019,  the  Company  and  Trident  Trust  Company  (HK)  Limited  (the  ' Trident  Trust '), an  independent  third  party,  set  up  the  peijia  employee  benefit  trust  which  entered  into  a  trust  deed pursuant  to  which  Trident  Trust  has  agreed  to  act  as  the  trustee  to  administer  the  peijia  employee benefit  trust  and  to  hold  the  ordinary  shares  under  the  peijia  employee  benefit  trust  through  the nominee, Best Achiever Management Limited (the ' Nominee ').

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Nominee  made  on-market  purchases  of  838,000  shares according  to  the  Company's  instruction.  The  shares  held  in  the  trust  are  accounted  for  as  treasury shares of the Company (2021: 3,881,000 shares).

- (ii) For the year ended December 31, 2022, 266,242 restricted share units were vested by selected persons (2021: 317,923 resticted share units were vested).

## 26  OTHER RESERVES

| Share-based  compensation  reserve  Others  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at January 1, 2021  54,660  (251)  54,409  Share-based compensation expenses  30,934  -  30,934  Restricted share units vested  (2,440)  -  (2,440)  Exercise of options  (13,764)  -  (13,764)  As at December 31, 2021  69,390  (251)  69,139  As at January 1, 2022  69,390  (251)  69,139  Share-based compensation expenses  13,155  -  13,155  Restricted share units vested  (3,434)  -  (3,434)  Exercise of options  (15,243)  -  (15,243)  As at December 31, 2022  63,868  (251)  63,617   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 27  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

## (a) Stock options

## (i) Stock options granted to employees in 2019

In  2019,  the  Company  granted  2,473,941  stock  options  to  certain  directors,  senior  management members  and  employees  of  the  Group  as  rewards  for  their  services  and  in  exchange  for  their full-time devotion and professional expertise.

The  weighted  average  exercise  price  of  granted  options  is  USD8.7630  per  ordinary  share.  The vesting term of the stock options includes different vesting schedule, which varies from one year to six years with different performance conditions respectively. All options shall expire in ten years from the respective grant dates.

On  May  15,  2020,  pursuant  to  the  resolution  passed  by  the  shareholders  on  April  28,  2020,  a capitalisation  issue  of  434,654,450  shares  were  allotted  without  payment  and  as  fully  paid  shares to existing shareholders. The weighted average exercise price has been changed to USD0.4382 per ordinary share correspondingly.

## (ii) Stock options granted to employees in 2021

On  December  7,  2021,  the  Company  granted  7,801,386  stock  options  to  senior  management members  and  employees  of  the  Group  as  rewards  for  their  services  and  in  exchange  for  their full-time devotion and professional expertise.

The exercise price of granted options is HKD15.97 per ordinary share. The vesting term of the stock options includes different vesting schedule, which varies from one year to six years with different performance conditions respectively. All options shall expire in ten years from the grant dates.

## Fair value of options granted in 2021

The fair value at grant date is independently determined using binomial model, the significant inputs were listed as below:

| Expected price volatility  39.38%  Expected option life (year)  10  Risk free interest rate  1.5%  Fair value of granted options (HKD)  6.62-7.07   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The volatility factor estimated was based on the historical share price movement of the comparable companies for the period close to the valuation date.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 27    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONT'D)

## (a) Stock options (cont'd)

(iii) The financial impact of stock options is as follows:

Movements in the number of stock options are as follows:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  At the beginning of year  50,008,962  46,893,480  Granted  -  7,801,386  Exercised  (6,079,124)  (4,616,904)  Forfeited  (2,598,733)  (69,000)  At the end of year  41,331,105  50,008,962   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022, 27,515,847 outstanding options were exercisable (2021: 25,494,407).

For the year ended December 31, 2022, certain employees exercised stock options granted to them in 2017,2019 and 2021, and 6,079,124 Shares were issued to them (2021: 4,616,904).

No options expired for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: nil).

The  total  expense  recognised  in  the  consolidated  statements  of  comprehensive  loss  for  the above  stock  options  granted  are  RMB18,430,000  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  (2021: RMB18,753,000).

## (b) Restricted share units

A  restricted  share  award  scheme  (the  ' RSU  Scheme ')  was  approved  and  adopted  pursuant  to  a resolution passed on April 28, 2020. The directors of the Company may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion,  grant  restricted  share  units  to  selected  person  in  accordance  with  the  RSU  Scheme.  The maximum number of shares which may be awarded to any selected person under the RSU Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company as at April 28, 2020.

## (i) RSU issued to directors

Each of certain directors has been granted RSUs of the Company representing an aggregate total amount of USD100,000 per year in the three years commencing from the grant date in 2020. The RSUs are issued to the directors on a quarterly basis. The number of RSUs to be issued at the end of each quarter is calculated based on the higher of the closing price of the shares of the Company on the issue date, and the average closing price of the shares of the Company for the five business days immediately preceding the issue date.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 27    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONT'D)

## (b) Restricted share units (cont'd)

## (i) RSU issued to directors (cont'd)

The RSUs issued is subject to a vesting schedule at an exercise price of nil, 40% of the RSUs issued are vested immediately on the issue date, 20%, 20% and 20% of the RSUs issued are vested on the first, second and third anniversary of the respective issue date, respectively.

## (ii) RSU issued to a consultant

The  consultant  has  been  granted  RSUs  of  the  Company  representing  an  aggregate  total  amount of  USD150,000  per  year  in  the  two  years  commencing  from  the  grant  date  in  2020  and  2022 respectively.  The  RSUs  are  issued  to  the  consultant  on  a  quarterly  basis.  The  number  of  RSUs to  be  issued  at  the  end  of  each  quarter  is  calculated  based  on  the  higher  of  the  closing  price  of the shares of the Company on the issue date, and the average closing price of the shares of the Company  for  the  five  business  days  immediately  preceding  the  issue  date.  The  RSU  issued  are vested immediately on the issue date.

## (iii) RSU issued to employees

In 2022 and 2021, the Company granted RSUs of the Company to senior management members and employees of the Group as rewards for their services and in exchange for their full-time devotion and professional expertise. The RSUs granted representing a fixed aggregate total amount for each of  the  five  years  commencing from the grant date. The RSUs are issued to the targets employees on an annual basis and subject to the targets remaining as the employee of the Group on the issue date, and all of the other vesting conditions being satisfied. The number of RSUs to be issued on each anniversary of the grant date in the next five years is based on the closing price of the shares of  the  Company  on  the  respective  issue  date.  The  RSU  issued  can  be  vested  immediately  on  the issue date.

In 2022, the employees have also been granted a choice to settle above awards by issuance of RSUs or by an equivalent value in cash. Since both the equity and cash alternatives have the same value and there is no incremental fair value at the modification date, there is no profit or loss impact from the modification.

## 27    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONT'D)

## (b) Restricted share units (cont'd)

As at December 31, 2022, the restricted share units issued to directors, a consultant and employees of the Group are as follows:

| Restricted share units issued to  Number of RSU  issued  Issue date  Vesting period  Directors  204,992  End of each quarter  0-6 years  Consultant  161,783  End of each quarter  Nil  Employees  69,193  Various dates in 2022  1-5 years   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2021, the restricted share units issued to directors, a consultant and employees of the Group are as follows:

| Restricted share units issued to  Number of RSU  issued  Issue date  Vesting period  Directors  73,805  End of each quarter  0-6 years  Consultant  104,591  End of each quarter  Nil  Employees  139,527  Various dates in 2021  Nil   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total expense recognised in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the RSUs granted is RMB9,519,000 (2021: RMB12,181,000).

The following table summarised the Group's restricted share units and movement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Year Ended December 31  2022  2021  At the beginning of year  169,615  55,751  Issued during the year  435,968  317,923  Vested during the year  (446,928)  (204,059)  At the end of year  158,655  169,615   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022, 158,654 restricted share units remained unvested.

## 27    SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (CONT'D)

(c) Expense for the share-based payments has been charged to profit or loss as follows:

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Stock options  Research and development expenses  6,988  9,024  Administrative expenses  5,129  8,651  Selling and distribution expenses  4,332  717  Cost of sales  1,981  361  18,430  18,753  Restricted share units  Administrative expenses  2,508  2,646  Selling and distribution expenses  805  929  Research and development expenses  6,206  8,606  9,519  12,181  Total  27,949  30,934   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28  DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

The  movements in  deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022 and 2021, without taking into consideration the offsetting of balanced within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:

## Deferred tax assets

| Tax losses  RMB'000  As at January 1, 2021  22,610  Charge to consolidated statements of comprehensive loss  (2,330)  As at December 31, 2021  20,280  As at January 1, 2022  20,280  Charge to consolidated statements of comprehensive loss  (2,814)  As at December 31, 2022  17,466   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28    DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## Deferred tax liabilities

| Property,  plant and  equipment  acquired in  business  combination  Investment  property  acquired in  business  combination  Land use  rights  acquired in  business  combination  Intangible  assets  acquired in  business  combination  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at January 1, 2021  1,492  662  457  40,319  42,930  Credit to consolidated statements of  comprehensive loss  (135)  (47)  (11)  (2,137)  (2,330)  As at December 31, 2021  1,357  615  446  38,182  40,600  As at January 1, 2022  1,357  615  446  38,182  40,600  Credit to consolidated statements of  omprehensive loss  (124)  (47)  (11)  (2,632)  (2,814)  As at December 31, 2022  1,233  568  435  35,550  37,786   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Deferred tax liabilities  - to be recovered within 12 months  3,021  2,673  - to be recovered more than 12 months  34,765  37,927  37,786  40,600   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28    DEFERRED TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONT'D)

## Deferred tax liabilities (cont'd)

(a) The net balances of deferred tax assets and liabilities after offsetting are as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Deferred tax liabilities, net  20,320  20,320  Deferred tax assets, net  -  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29  BORROWINGS

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Non-current  Bank borrowings - secured (i)  70,770  -  Current  Bank borrowings - unsecured (ii)  56,061  -  Total  126,831  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (i) Bank borrowings - secured

In  March  2022,  the  Group  entered  into  a  secured  bank  loan  facility  agreement,  which  is  specific  for financing  the  construction  of  the  new  headquarter  and  will  be  matured  in  May  2027.  The  maximum amount that the Group is able to draw down under such facility is RMB400,000,000, and any drawdown will bear an interest rate corresponding to one-year loan prime rate circulated by the People's Bank of China plus 15 basis points.

As at December 31, 2022, the Group has drawn down RMB70,687,000. which was mortgaged by a land use right  and  a  building  under  construction  of  the  Group  with  carrying  amounts  of  RMB9,604,000  and RMB161,510,000, respectively. The borrowings bore interest rates of 3.8%- 3.85% and will be repayable by instalments, commencing from November 2024.

- (ii) In January 2022, the Group entered into an unsecured general bank borrowing agreement. The principal of  the  borrowing  was  RMB56,000,000,  which  bore  an  interest  rate  of  3.58%  and  will  be  repayable  in January 2023.

## 29    BORROWINGS (CONT'D)

(iii) At December 31, 2021 and 2022, the Group's borrowings were repayable as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 year  56,061  -  Between 1 and 2 years  4,501  -  Between 2 and 5 years  66,269  -  Total  126,831  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30  DEFERRED INCOME

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Government grants -  Asset-related grants (a)  1,220  1,250  Cost-related grants (b)  500  124  1,720  1,374   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) The asset-related grants are subsidies received from the government for the purpose of compensation for purchase of the Group's land use rights. The estimated useful life of the land use rights is 50 years and the aforementioned grants are amortised based on the remaining useful life of the land.

(b) The cost-related grants are subsidies received from the government as support on expenses relating to certain research and development projects. When the required criteria set by the government for such grants  are  met,  the  portion  of  the  qualified  funds  is  recognised  as  'other  income'  and  the  remaining balance is recorded as deferred income.

## 31  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Trade payables - third parties  361,580  54,168  Other payables - third parties  97,620  31,116  Staff salaries and welfare payables  41,433  24,490  Liabilities arising from share-based payments with  cash alternative  9,045  -  Tax payable  15,265  5,388  524,944  115,162  Less: non-current position  (5,874)  -  Current position  519,070  115,162   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The ageing analysis of trade payables at the respective balance sheet dates is as follows:

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Within 1 year  361,444  54,003  Between 1 year and 2 years  6  160  Between 2 year and 5 years  130  5  361,580  54,168   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32  CASH USED IN OPERATIONS

## (a) Reconciliation of loss before income tax to cash used in operations

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Loss for the year before income tax  (398,235)  (574,216)  Adjustments for:  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment and  investment properties  (Note 7)  20,020  14,711  - Amortisation/depreciation of intangible assets and right-  of-use assets  (Note 7)  15,994  12,775  - Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (Note 10)  33  218  - Losses on disposal of right-of-use assets  (Note 10)  396  -  - Share-based compensation expenses  (Note 27)  27,949  30,934  - Write-down of the inventories  1,980  -  - Gain from financial assets at fair value through profit or  loss  -  (680)  - Finance income - net  (43,158)  (21,639)  - Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through  profit or loss  (581)  -  - Loss from foreign exchange forward contracts - net  16,922  -  - Loss from investment accounted for using the equity  method  167  -  - Net exchange differences  (116,945)  42,905  (475,458)  (494,992)  Changes in working capital:  - Increase in inventories  (63,057)  (40,822)  - Increase in prepayments and trade and other receivables  (62,321)  (22,619)  - Increase in trade and other payables  193,531  79,356  - Increase/(decrease) in deferred income  346  (1,910)  68,499  14,005  Cash used in operations  (406,959)  (480,987)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32    CASH USED IN OPERATIONS (CONT'D)

## (b) Changes in liabilities from financing activities

| Liabilities from financing activities  Borrowings  Leases  Total  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  As at January 1, 2021  -  9,129  9,129  Financing cash flows  -  (11,460)  (11,460)  New leases  -  9,958  9,958  Other changes  Interest expense  -  186  186  Interest payments (presented as operating cash  flows)  -  (186)  (186)  As at December 31, 2021  -  7,627  7,627  Financing cash flows  126,687  (3,367)  123,320  Early termination  -  (4,419)  (4,419)  New leases  -  5,203  5,203  Other changes  Interest capitalized in construction in progress  946  -  946  Interest expense  2,005  311  2,316  Interest payments (presented as operating cash  flows)  (2,807)  (311)  (3,118)  As at December 31, 2022  126,831  5,044  131,875   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 33  COMMITMENTS

## Capital commitments

The  following  is  the  details  of  capital  expenditure  contracted  for  but  not  effective  or  provided  in  the consolidated financial statements.

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Property, plant and equipment  86,448  181,471   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34  BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Intangible assets  212,645  70,133  Other receivables  6,911  -  Investments in subsidiaries  3,175,227  3,147,793  Total non-current assets  3,394,783  3,217,926  Current assets  Other receivables  30,242  11,861  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss  71,564  -  Cash and cash equivalents  557,834  643,688  Total current assets  659,640  655,549  Total assets  4,054,424  3,873,475  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity attribute to owners of the Company  Share capital and share premium  6,369,548  6,339,597  Treasury shares held in the trusts  (82,739)  (84,549)  Other reserves  63,868  69,390  Accumulated losses  (2,504,336)  (2,549,262)  Total equity  3,846,341  3,775,176  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Other payables  208,083  98,299  Total liabilities  208,083  98,299  Total equity and liabilities  4,054,424  3,873,475   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  balance  sheet  of  the  Company  was  approved  by  the  Board  of  Directors  on  March  31,  2023  and  were signed on its behalf.

| Yi ZHANG  Hong YE  Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Executive Director  Board Secretary, Executive Director   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34    BALANCE SHEET OF THE COMPANY (CONT'D)

## (a)  Reserve movement of the Company

| Share capital  and share  premium  Other reserves  Treasury  shares held in  a trust  Accumulated  losses  Total equity  Note  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  RMB'000  Balance at January 1, 2021  5,512,758  54,660  (23,126)  (2,258,512)  3,285,780  Comprehensive loss:  Loss for the year  -  -  -  (290,750)  (290,750)  Total comprehensive loss  -  -  -  (290,750)  (290,750)  Transactions with owners in  their capacity as owners:  Issuance of ordinary shares  24  810,559  -  -  -  810,559  Exercise of share options  24,26  17,137  (13,764)  -  -  3,373  Acquisition of shares under the RSU  Scheme  25  -  -  (64,720)  -  (64,720)  Restricted share units granted  24,25,26  (857)  (2,440)  3,297  -  -  Share-based payments  26  -  30,934  -  -  30,934  Balance at December 31, 2021  6,339,597  69,390  (84,549)  (2,549,262)  3,775,176  Balance at January 1, 2022  6,339,597  69,390  (84,549)  (2,549,262)  3,775,176  Comprehensive income:  Profit for the year  -  -  -  44,926  44,926  Total comprehensive Income  -  -  -  44,926  44,926  Transactions with owners in  their capacity as owners:  Exercise of share options  24,26  33,510  (15,243)  -  -  18,267  Acquisition of shares under the  RSU Scheme  25  -  -  (5,183)  -  (5,183)  Restricted share units granted  24,25,26  (3,559)  (3,434)  6,993  -  -  Share-based payments  26  -  13,155  -  -  13,155  Balance at December 31, 2022  6,369,548  63,868  (82,739)  (2,504,336)  3,846,341   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

## 35  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Parties  are  considered  to  be  related  if  one  party  has  the  ability,  directly  or  indirectly,  to  control  the  other party  or  exercise  significant  influence  over  the  other  party  in  making  financial  and  operation  decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are subject to common control.

The  following  is  a  summary  of  the  significant  transactions  carried  out  between  the  Group  and  its  related parties in the ordinary course of business for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, and balances arising from related party transactions as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively.

## (a) Name and relationship with related parties

| Name of related party  Nature of relationship  Key management personnel  Key management personnel  Suzhou SITRI Interventional Medtech  Institute ('  IMI  ')  Associate   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  IMI  1,271  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  IMI  1,571  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year ended December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  IMI  5,411  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 35    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONT'D)

## (d) Balances with related parties

Other receivables

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  IMI  8,748  -  Key management personnel  29,984  -  38,732  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other payables

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Key management personnel  495  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (e)  Key management personnel compensation

| As at December 31  2022  2021  RMB'000  RMB'000  Salaries, wages and bonuses  11,453  12,583  Housing fund, medical insurance and other social insurance  757  714  Share-based compensation expenses  6,759  9,138  18,969  22,435   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 36  DIVIDEND

No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company or the companies now comprising the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years  (note 1)  is set out below:

| For the year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  Operating Results  Revenue  250,833  136,534  38,655  18,699  -  Gross profit  176,201  95,654  25,223  12,013  -  Operating loss  (442,548)  (598,801)  (403,717)  (226,923)  (70,222)  Loss before income tax  (398,235)  (574,216)  (2,068,656)  (531,977)  (82,876)  Loss for the year and attributable to  owners of the parent company  (407,809)  (574,216)  (2,068,656)  (531,977)  (82,625)  Total comprehensive loss for the year and  attributable to owners of the parent  company  (407,809)  (574,216)  (2,068,656)  (516,121)  (78,006)  Loss per share  Basic and diluted loss per share  (in RMB per share)  (0.61)  (0.86)  (4.43)  (45.28)  (9.05)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As at December 31,  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  (RMB'000)  Financial Position  Non-current assets  1,309,026  737,307  337,186  321,858  33,368  Current assets  2,007,448  2,426,361  2,544,063  557,626  140,996  Total assets  3,316,474  3,163,668  2,881,249  879,484  174,364  Non-current liabilities  100,836  25,776  23,604  1,387,503  224,174  Current liabilities  578,023  118,707  44,390  50,187  44,527  Total liabilities  678,859  144,483  67,994  1,437,690  268,701  Total equity  2,637,615  3,019,185  2,813,255  (558,206)  (94,337)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note 1: The Shares of the company were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange under Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules on May 15, 2020.

## DEFINITIONS

In  this  annual  report,  the  following  expressions  shall  have  the  meanings  set  out  below,  unless  the  context otherwise requires:

| 'Achieva' or 'Achieva Group'  includes Achieva Medical and its subsidiaries, i.e., Achieva HK, Achieva  Shanghai, Achieva Suzhou and Jiangxi Zhisheng  'Achieva Medical'  Achieva  Medical  Limited,  an  exempt  limited  liability  company  incorporated  under  the  laws  of  the  Cayman  Islands  on  November  2,  2005, being a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company  'AIS'  acute  ischemic  stroke,  a  disease  occurs  when  the  blood  flow  through  the cerebral areries is blocked by a clot (i.e., a large amount of thickened  blood)  'aortic valve'  a valve in the human heart between the left ventricle and the aorta  'AR'  aortic regurgitation  'AS'  aortic stenosis  'Audit Committee'  the audit committee of the Board  'BD'  business development  'Board of Directors' or 'Board'  the board of Directors  'CG Code'  the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing  Rules  'China' or 'PRC'  the  People's  Republic  of  China,  which  for  the  purpose  of  this  annual  report  and  for  geographical  reference  only,  Hong  Kong,  Macau  and  Taiwan  'CODM'  chief operating decision-maker  'Company' or 'our Company'  Peijia  Medical  Limited  (  沛嘉醫療有限公司  ),  an  exempt  limited  liability  company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on May 30,  2012  'confirmatory clinical trial'  a  controlled  clinical  trial  of  a  medical  device  product  designed  to  demonstrate  statistically  significant  clinical  efficacy  and  safety  of  such  product as used in human patients (in conjunction with the performance  of a therapeutic procedure), for regulatory approval of such product  'connected person(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'Core Product'  has  the  meaning  ascribed  thereto  in  Chapter  18A  of  the  Listing  Rules,  which, for purposes of this annual report, refers to TaurusOne ®   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 'delivery catheter system'  an integral delivery catheter with a tip, a sheath tube, a catheter and a  handle system used to deliver and release the PAV to the target position  'Director(s)'  the director(s) of the Company  'Dr. ZHANG'  Dr.  Yi  ZHANG,  one  of  our  Founders,  and  our  chairman,  Chief  Executive  Officer,  an  executive  Director  of  our  Company  and  our  substantial  shareholder upon Listing  'FIM'  First-in-man, a stage of clinical trial  'Global Offering'  has the meaning as ascribed to it under the Prospectus  'Group,' 'our Group,' 'our,' 'we,' or  'us'  our  Company  and  all  of  its  subsidiaries  (including  but  not  limited  to  Achieva), or any one of them as the context may require or, where the  context refers to any time prior to its incorporation or the Share Swap,  the  business  which  its  predecessors  or  the  predecessors  of  its  present  subsidiaries, or any one of them as the context may require, were or was  engaged in and which were subsequently assumed by it  'Hong Kong'  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC  'Hong Kong dollars', 'HKD' or 'HK$'  Hong  Kong  dollars  and  cents  respectively,  the  lawful  currency  of  Hong  Kong  'ICAD'  intracranial atherosclerotic disease  'ICAS-LVO'  intracranial atherosclerosis-related large vascular occlusion  'IFRS'  International Financial Reporting Standards, as issued from time to time  by the International Accounting Standards Board  'Independent Third Party' or  'Independent Third Parties'  a person or entity who is not a connected person of our Company under  the Listing Rules  'JenaValve'  JenaValve Technology, Inc., a US-based medical device company  'KOL(s)'  Key  Opinion  Leader(s),  renowned  physicians  that  are  able  to  influence  their peers' medical practice  'Listing'  the listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange  'Listing Date'  the  date,  Friday,  May  15,  2020,  on  which  the  Shares  were  listed  and  dealings in the Shares first commence on the Stock Exchange  'Listing Rules'  the  Rules  Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  The  Stock  Exchange  of  Hong  Kong  Limited  (as  amended,  supplemented  or  otherwise  modified  from time to time)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 'LVOT'  Left ventricular outflow tract  'mechanical thrombectomy'  a  type  of  minimally-invasive  therapy  in  which  blood  clot  is  removed  from arteries using imaging techniques guiding medical devices through  patients' arteries to the blood clot  'mitral valve'  the  valve  that  lets  blood  flow  from  one  chamber  of  the  heart,  the  left  atrium, to another called the left ventricle  'Model Code'  the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers  set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules  'MR'  mitral regurgitation  'Neurointerventional Business'  t h e  business  of  the  Group  in  research  and  development  of  neurointerventional procedural medical devices  'neurointerventional procedural  medical devices'  medical  devices  for  treatment  of  neurovascular  diseases  using  interventional endovascular technique  'neurovascular diseases'  also known as cerebrovascular diseases, including any abnormality of the  blood  vessels  within  the  brain  and  spine  or  abnormality  with  supplying  blood to such areas  'NMPA'  the National Medical Products Administration of the PRC (  國家藥品監督管  理局  ), formerly known as the China Food and Drug Administration or the  CFDA  'Nomination Committee'  the nomination committee of the Board  'Over-allotment Option'  has the meaning as ascribed to it under the Prospectus  'PAV'  prosthetic aortic valve, the artificial valve of our TAVR Products  'Peijia Shanghai'  Peijia  Medical  Technology  (Shanghai)  Co.,  Ltd.  (  沛嘉醫療科技  (  上海  )  有  限公司  ),  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated  under  the  laws  of  PRC  on February 24, 2012, being an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of our  Company  'Peijia Suzhou'  Peijia  Medical  Technology  (Suzhou)  Co.,  Ltd.  (  沛嘉醫療科技  (  蘇州  )  有限  公司  ),  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated  under  the  laws  of  PRC  on  March  4,  2013,  being  an  indirect  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  our  Company  'Placee(s)'  any  individuals,  corporate,  institutional  or  other  investor(s)  procured  by  the Placing Agent or their respective agents to subscribe for any of the  Placing Shares pursuant to the Placing Agreement  'Placing'  the  placing  of  33,800,000  Placing  Shares  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Placing Agreement   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 'Placing Agreement'  the  conditional  placing  agreement  entered  into  between  the  Company  and  Morgan  Stanley  &amp;  Co.  International  plc  dated  January  22,  2021  in  relation to the Placing  'Preferred Shares'  has the meaning as ascribed to it under the Prospectus  'Prospectus'  the  prospectus  of  the  Company  dated  May  5,  2020,  in  relation  to  the  Global Offering  'registration clinical trial'  a  controlled  clinical  trial  of  a  medical  device  product  designed  to  demonstrate  statistically  significant  clinical  efficacy  and  safety  of  such  product as used in human patients (in conjunction with the performance  of a therapeutic procedure), for regulatory approval of such product  'Remuneration Committee'  the remuneration committee of the Board  'Reporting Period'  the year ended December 31, 2022  'RMB' or 'Renminbi'  Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC  'RSU Scheme'  the  restricted  share  unit  award  scheme  of  the  Company  conditionally  approved  and  adopted  by  our  Shareholders  on  April  28,  2020,  the  principal terms of which are set out in Prospectus  'R&amp;D'  research and development  'SFO'  the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong  Kong  (as  amended,  supplemented  or  otherwise  modified  from  time  to  time)  'Share Incentive Schemes'  the Share Option Plan, the RSU Scheme and the Share Option Scheme  'Share Option Plan'  the  share  option  plan  approved  and  adopted  by  the  Company  on  December  27,  2019,  a  summary  of  the  principal  terms  of  which  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed  'D.  Share  Incentive  Schemes  -  1.  Share  Option Plan' in Appendix IV to the Prospectus  'Share Option Scheme'  the share option scheme conditionally adopted by the Company on April  28,  2020,  a  summary  of  the  principal  terms  of  which  is  set  forth  in  the  paragraph headed 'Appendix IV - Statutory and General Information -  D. Share Incentive Schemes' in the Prospectus  'Share(s)'  ordinary  share(s)  with  nominal  value  of  US$0.0001  each  in  the  share  capital of the Company  'Shareholder(s)'  holder(s) of the Share(s)  'sq.m.'  square meter, a unit of area  'Stock Exchange'  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 'subsidiary'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'substantial shareholder(s)'  has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'TAVR'  transcatheter  aortic  valve  replacement,  a  catheter-based  technique  to  implant a new aortic valve in an interventional procedure that does not  involve open-chest surgery  'TEER'  transcatheter edge-to-edge repair  'TMVR'  transcatheter  mitral  valve  replacement,  a  catheter-based  technique  to  implant a new mitral valve in an interventional procedure that does not  involve open-chest surgery  'TOP/KA hospitals'  hospitals  in  China  which  complete  at  least  100  (TOP)  or  50  (KA)  TAVR  operations each year  'TR'  tricuspid regurgitation  'transcatheter valve therapeutic  medical devices'  medical  devices  for  the  treatment  of  valvular  heart  diseases  using  cardiovascular interventional technique by implanting a prosthetic valve  through an artery  'tricuspid valve'  the valve on the right dorsal side of the mammalian heart, between the  right  atrium  and  the  right  ventricle,  the  function  of  which  is  to  prevent  back flow of blood from the right ventricle into the right atriums  'TSMVR'  transseptal mitral value replacement  'TTVR'  transcatheter tricuspid valve replacement, a catheterbased technique to  implant  a  new  tricuspid  valve  in  an  interventional  procedure  that  does  not involve open-chest surgery  'United States' or 'U.S.'  the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas  subject to its jurisdiction  'U.S. dollars', 'US$' or 'USD'  United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States  'valvular heart diseases'  the failure or dysfunction of one or more of the four heart valves, where  the valves become too narrow and hardened to open fully, or are unable  to close completely  'valvuloplasty'  a  procedure  using  balloons  to  repair  a  heart  valve  with  a  narrowed  opening and to improve blood flow through the valve  '%'  per cent   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|