## PINEAPPLE, INC.

CIK:

1654672

| IRS No.:

475185484

| State of Incorp.:

NV

| Fiscal Year End:

1231

Type:

10-K

| Act:

34 | File No.:

000-55896

| Film No.:

22902529

SIC:

8742 Management consulting services

## SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

## FORM 10-K

Annual report pursuant to section 13 and 15(d)

Filing Date:

2022-05-06 | Period of Report:

2021-12-31

SEC Accession No. 0001493152-22-012401

(HTML Version on secdatabase.com)

## FILER

Mailing Address 10351 SANTA MONICA BLVD., SUITE 420 LOS ANGELES CA 90025

Business Address 10351 SANTA MONICA BLVD., SUITE 420 LOS ANGELES CA 90025 877-310-7675

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

## ☒ ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ to \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Commission File Number: 000-55896

## PINEAPPLE, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Nevada

47-5185484

(State or other jurisdiction

of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

10351 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 420 Los Angeles, CA 90025

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

## 877-310-7675

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

## Pineapple Express, Inc.

(Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934: None

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, $0.0000001 par value

## Common stock, par value $0.0000001

(Title of each class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

☐ Yes ☒ No

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ☐ Yes ☒ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large-accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large-accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large-accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☒

Smaller reporting company ☒

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by checkmark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2021, was approximately $1,686,000. For the sole purpose of making this calculation, the term 'non-affiliate' has been interpreted to exclude directors, executive officers, holders of 10% or more of the registrant's common stock and their affiliates.

As of May 4, 2022, there were 91,163,569 shares of the registrant's common stock, $0.0000001 par value per share, issued and outstanding.

INDEX

| PART I  Item 1.  Description of Business  3  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  14  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  29  Item 2.  Description of Property  29  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  30  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  31  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of  Equity Securities  32  Item 6.  Selected Financial Data  34  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  34  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  39  Item 8.  Financial Statements  40  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures  41  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  41  Item 9B.  Other Information  43  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  43   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  43  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  46  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  48  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  50  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  55  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  55  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  57  Signatures  58  2   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Use of Market and Industry Data

This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (this 'Annual Report') includes market and industry data that we have obtained from third-party sources, including industry publications, as well as industry data prepared by our management on the basis of its knowledge of and experience in the industries in which we operate (including our management's estimates and assumptions relating to such industries based on that knowledge). Management has developed its knowledge of such industries through its experience and participation in these industries. While our management believes the third-party sources referred to in this Annual Report are reliable, neither we nor our management have independently verified any of the data from such sources referred to in this Annual Report or ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon by such sources. Furthermore, references in this Annual Report to any publications, reports, surveys, or articles prepared by third parties should not be construed as depicting the complete findings of the entire publication, report, survey, or article. The information in any such publication, report, survey, or article is not incorporated by reference in this Annual Report.

Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed in sections entitled 'Forward-Looking Statements,' 'Item 1A. Risk Factors' and 'Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' in this Annual Report.

## Trademarks, Service Marks and Trade Names

This Annual Report contains references to our trademarks, service marks and trade names and to trademarks, service marks and trade names belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this Annual Report, including logos, artwork, and other visual displays, may appear without the ® or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names, service marks or trademarks or any artists' or other individuals' names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies or persons.

## PART I

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

This Annual Report (including, but not limited to, the following disclosures regarding our Business) contains forward-looking statements regarding our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Words such as 'expects,' 'anticipates,' 'intends,' 'plans,' 'believes,' 'seeks,' 'estimates' and similar expressions or variations of such words are intended to identify forward-looking statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements in this Annual Report. Additionally, statements concerning future matters such as the development of new products, enhancements or technologies, sales levels, expense levels and other statements regarding matters that are not historical are forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect our good faith judgment based on facts and factors currently known to us. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in or anticipated by the forward-looking statements. Readers are urged not to place undue reliance on

these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements in order to reflect any event or circumstance that may arise after the date of this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report, which attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

## Overview

Pineapple, Inc. (f/k/a Pineapple Express‪, Inc). ('Pineapple', the 'Company,' 'we,' 'us' or 'our') is a pioneer in the cannabis industry. As a result of a share exchange agreement entered into in March 2019, as subsequently amended, and a debt forgiveness agreement in January 2020, the Company has a 45.17% equity stake, as discussed below, in Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI'). PVI invests in established cannabis businesses, funds cannabis start-up businesses, and may establish cannabis storefronts. Through its affiliates, PVI has established a delivery service with a fleet of vehicles, and is establishing a retail dispensary, and cultivation and production activities. PVI also provides supporting marketing, branding, and infrastructure support services for investment entities. PVI owns a portfolio of 15 owned cannabis licenses including cultivation, manufacturing, distribution, dispensary and retail delivery licenses for full vertical integration.

3

## PVI owns and operates:

Initial 30% and further reduced to 20% of a state-licensed cannabis delivery service, cultivation and manufacturing in Los Angeles, CA, along with full operational management duties entitling PVI to 10% of gross revenue on all retail transactions.

- On November 30, 2021, the Company executed a stock purchase agreement with a buyer to sell 10% of its equity interest in Universal Herbal Center, Inc ('UHC') for $400,000, of which $200,000 was collected as of December 31, 2021, and the remaining $200,000 in the first fiscal quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2021, PVI owns a 20% equity interest in UHC. UHC is pre-operational for manufacturing and cultivation.

Initial 30% and further reduced to 20% of a state-licensed retail dispensary and cannabis delivery service in Palm Springs, CA, of which construction was completed in December 2021, along with full operational management duties entitling PVI to 10% of gross revenue on all retail transactions. On November 30, 2021, the Company executed a stock purchase agreement with a buyer

- to sell 10% of its equity interest in Capital Growth Investments Inc. ('CGI') for $400,000, of which $400,000 was collected as of December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, PVI owns a 20% equity interest in CGI. This dispensary is still in construction as of December 31, 2021, will be operational in February 2022.

Initial 30% and further reduced to 10% equity plus management fee of 10% of sales of a state-licensed retail dispensary and

●

cannabis delivery service in Hollywood, CA. This dispensary is still in construction as of December 31, 2021, will be operational in February 2022.

- 100% of PineappleWellness.com, a nationwide Hemp Cannabidiol ('CBD') retail website.

## New retail dispensaries acquired

Management fees of 10% of a state-licensed retail dispensary and delivery in Eagle Rock, northeast of Los Angeles, CA. PVI

- executed a stock purchase agreement on December 30, 2021, for 49% equity in this retail dispensary for total purchase price of $500,000. The shares were exchanged during 2021 following the payment of the initial $50,000 deposit. Management fees of 10% of a state-licensed retail dispensary and delivery in West LA, CA. PVI executed a stock purchase
- agreement, for 45% equity in this retail dispensary for total price of $450,000, but no compensation was exchanged, and no shares were transferred as of December 31, 2021. Management fees of 10% of a state-licensed retail dispensary and delivery in South Los Angeles, CA. PVI executed a stock
- purchase agreement for 49% equity in this retail dispensary for total price of $500,000, but no compensation was exchanged, and no shares were transferred as of December 31, 2021.
- Management fees of 10% of a state-licensed retail dispensary and delivery in San Pedro, CA. PVI executed a stock purchase agreement for 49% equity in this retail dispensary for total price of $500,000, but no compensation was exchanged, and no shares were transferred as of December 31, 2021.

Formerly owned and operated:

15% of two (2) separate state-licensed cultivation and manufacturing entities and 15% of one (1) state-licensed distribution

- entity. In June 2020, the three (3) entities sold their cannabis licenses for an aggregate amount of $2.87 million, of which approximately $431,000 was recognized by PVI.

In November 2021, PVI acquired 100% of PNPL Holdings Inc., a newly created holding company because the City of Los Angeles passed a provision stating that management companies cannot hold direct equity in the operations PVI manage. As such, PNPL Holdings, Inc. was set up for PVI's equity in Hollywood and Vine, CA, West LA, CA, South Los Angeles, CA, Eagle Rock, CA and San Pedro, CA dispensaries. CGI and UHC remain unaffected since these dispensaries are not in the City of Los Angeles.

PVI's cannabis delivery service has already commenced operations and was launched out of Los Angeles, CA in January 2019. As a result of its equity stake in PVI, the Company will receive 45.17% of all net income/ loss generated by PVI from these business ventures. The owned and managed cannabis licenses and real property rental and sublease assets along with the Company's brand recognition and intellectual property are prepared to penetrate the cannabis market from 'seed to sale' for cultivation, manufacturing, distribution, retail storefront, and delivery in the State of California.

## 4

Through PVI's Pineapple Wellness brand (established on January 11, 2019), the Company aims to be a trusted source for hemp-derived CBD products which are being sold to customers nationwide. Operating by the principals of 'Know What You Consume,' and its mission of transparency, the Company aims to ensure conscious and ethical business while delivering the best hemp CBD products the alternative health industry has to offer. The Company's Hemp CBD products are organically grown, non-GMO, do not contain heavy metals or toxins, and contain no heavy solvents. From plant to bottle, the Company offers lab-tested, quality CBD products that are natural and potent. Thus, it is anticipated that the Company shall benefit and capitalize on decriminalized hemp derived products, licensed and decriminalized cannabis derived products, as well as cannabis property rental subleases for a profit without being directly being involved with sales, production, or distribution of cannabis.

ln addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe Display System ('SDS') for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally (where permitted by law), on July 20, 2016, by Sky Island, Inc. (the 'SDS Patent') via a Patent Assignment Agreement (the 'Patent Assignment Agreement'). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015, by Sky Island, Inc. and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that the Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for $30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail storefronts and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipates beginning sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the third quarter of 2022.

Additionally in 2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, Inc. ('Nordhoff'), a related party, in which Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15% owned entities by PVI (the 'PVI Entities'); however, the contemplated project never matriculated. As part of these preliminary business steps, an affiliated entity of PVI, Neu-Ventures, Inc., paid Nordhoff's $50,000 per month rent expense and PVI's founders invested over $300,000 in leasehold improvements for Nordhoff's rental property.

In June of 2020, Nordhoff's $50,000 rent payments per month were increased to $87,000 per month. During the same month, the PVI entities sold their respective cannabis licenses for aggregate proceeds of $2.87 million, of which approximately $431,000 was assigned and recognized by PVI. PVI assigned its PVI Entities' subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale.

## Company Background

Pineapple shares of common stock are still quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol 'PNPL'. As of the date of this Annual Report, OTC Markets has designated the Company's trading symbol as 'Caveat Emptor' by placing a skull and crossbones icon next to the symbol. This designation occurred when the Company was issued an Order of Suspension of Trading from the U.S. Securities and

Exchange Commission (the 'SEC') on April 28 th , 2016, because of 'recent, unusual and unexplained market activity in the Company's stock that raises concerns about the adequacy of publicly-available information regarding the Company'. The Company was released from suspension two weeks later. The Company was not charged with any wrong-doing and believes the unusual spike in stock activity was related to an enormous amount of press received by the Company because a famous cultural icon invested in the Company stock. The Company was not fully reporting with the SEC yet when this occurred. The Company intends on becoming fully reporting with the SEC. The Company then intends to have a market maker quote its shares of common stock on the OTCQB or another over-the-counter trading platform, thereby moving from the current OTC Grey platform.

The Company regained current status with its filing obligations in the fourth quarter of 2021, and a licensed broker filed a Form 15c2-11 application in order to remove the caveat emptor symbol and resume quotations on the OTC marketplace.

The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of Nevada on August 3, 1983, as 'Global Resources, Ltd'. On April 12, 1999, the Company changed its name from 'Global Resources, Ltd.' to 'Helixsphere Technologies, Inc.' and on October 02, 2013, to 'New China Global Inc.' On October 30, 2013, the Company filed Articles of Continuance with the Secretary of State in the State of Wyoming pursuant to which the Company re-domiciled from the State of Nevada to the State of Wyoming. On July 15, 2014, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change its name from 'New China Global Inc.' to 'Globestar Industries'.

## 5

On August 24, 2015, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the 'Agreement) with Better Business Consultants, Inc. ('BBC'), a corporation incorporated under the laws of California on January 29, 2015, and Shane Oei, a majority shareholder of the Company at the time. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, BBC shareholders exchanged all of the issued and outstanding capital of BBC for an aggregate of 50,000,000 newly and duly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock of the Company. Upon closing, BBC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. In addition, Mr. Oei and Gary Stockport, another former shareholder of the Company at the time, cancelled 100,000,000 and 500,000 shares of the Company's common stock, respectively, in connection with the Agreement. As the owners and management of BBC obtained voting and operating control of the Company after the share exchange and Globestar Industries was non-operating, the transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization of BBC, accompanied by the exchange of previously issued common stock for outstanding common stock of Globestar Industries, which was recorded at a nominal value. One of the owners, Jaime Ortega, also entered into a Lockup Agreement under which he could not sell his ownership in the Company through September 1, 2017.

On September 3, 2015, the Company changed its name from 'Globestar Industries' to 'Pineapple Express, Inc.' The Company's name has no relation to the 2008 motion picture produced by Columbia Pictures.

In September 2015, the Company had entered into agreements to issue 500,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Sky Island, Inc. in exchange for a patent and 100,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Christopher Plummer as compensation for taking on the role of Chief Operating Officer. However, both of these issuances were rescinded effective December 31, 2015.

On February 12, 2016, the Company entered into an Agreement of Merger to acquire all of the assets and assume several liabilities of THC Industries, Inc., a California corporation ('THC Parent'), through a two-step merger (the 'THC Merger') by and among the Company, THC Parent, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary THC Industries, LLC, a California limited liability company ('THC'), and the Company's former wholly owned subsidiary THCMergerCo., Inc., a California corporation. In June 2016, the Company began to anticipate significant difficulties in monetizing the value of the acquired intangible assets and recorded an impairment of those assets.

On August 5, 2016, the Company entered into a Forbearance Agreement with THC Industries, Inc. because of late payments. This sparked a temporary foreclosure of assets. On March 23 rd , 2017, The Company entered into a Standstill and Waiver Agreement with THC Industries, Inc. because of additional late payments. On June 22, 2017, the Company successfully completed the conditions of the Standstill and Waiver Agreement signed between the parties on March 27, 2017. The Company made its payments and completed its conditions in full for the Forbearance Agreement. The Company gained back control of the assets relative to the purchase transaction.

On March 14, 2017, the Company entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to sell BBC and its three wholly owned subsidiaries, Pineapple Express One LLC, a California limited liability company, Pineapple Express Two LLC, a California limited liability company, and Pineapple Property Investments, LLC, a Washington limited liability company, to a related party, Jaime Ortega. The sale of BBC and its subsidiaries to Mr. Ortega was in exchange for Mr. Ortega forgiving a debt of $10,000 owed to Sky Island, Inc, a wholly owned entity by Mr. Ortega, and in order for Mr. Ortega to fund and prosecute litigation claims (as discussed below) and settle debts for the subsidiaries resulting from unconsummated parcel purchases which the Company believes were purposely circumvented by third parties involved in those transactions. The terms of the Share Purchase Agreement are discussed in greater detail in the 'legal proceedings' section of this Annual Report. On January 27, 2018, the Company completed the sale of BBC, Pineapple Express One LLC, Pineapple Express Two LLC and Pineapple Property Investments, LLC to Mr. Ortega.

With respect to such litigation claims related to BBC, on April 7, 2017, Orr Builders, Prest-Vuksic Architects, Inc. and MSA Consulting, Inc. filed a claim against the Company, including subsidiaries Pineapple Express One LLC, Better Business Consultants Inc., Clonenetics Laboratories Cooperative, Inc.; United Pentecostal Church; and Healing Nature, LLC; within the Superior Court of the State of California for the County of Riverside, Case No. PSC 1700746 (hereinafter referred to as the 'Lead Case'), and a related and consolidated Case

No. PSC1702268 (in which the Company was not a named defendant), alleging, among other things: (i) breaches of contracts related to the building of a warehouse in Desert Hot Springs, CA in the amount of $1,250,000, (ii) foreclosure of mechanics' lien, (iii) negligent misrepresentation, and (iii) unjust enrichment (against United Pentecostal Church only). In 2019, the land (which was leased by the Company and sold to a third party) and warehouse (which was being built for the Company, yet completed by the third party) at 65241 San Jacinto Lane in Desert Hot Springs, CA, were ordered sold by way of judgment and the plaintiffs were entitled to recovery.

On March 16, 2017, the Company formed Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. ('PEC') as a wholly owned subsidiary. On August 3, 2017, a letter of intent ('LOI') was entered into between PEC and Sky Island, Inc., whereby all the assets of Pineapple Park, LLC, a California limited liability company controlled by Sky Island, Inc. holding lease deposits, were to be transferred through a related party transfer to PEC in exchange for $100,000. On December 31, 2018, Pineapple Park, LLC pulled out of this project and signed a mutual release agreement for all lessees and Pineapple Park, LLC to terminate each party's obligations and responsibilities under the Leases and the Parties' relationship. The Company had planned on using revenue from operations, including license proceeds from contracts already signed with licensees as well as rental payments due from tenants. The Company was also in the process of developing a 'franchise style' model whereas it would license its trademark, brand name, and retail design concept in exchange for a 5% perpetuity royalty. These revenue streams were to provide the Company with long-term and short-term growth. However, after the investment in PVI, the Company will now be receiving revenues from its 45.17% ownership.

On March 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the 'PVI Agreement') with PVI and the stockholders of PVI (the 'PVI Stockholders'). Upon execution of the PVI Agreement (the 'Closing'), the Company acquired 20,000 shares of PVI's outstanding capital stock ('PVI Shares'), equaling 20% of the outstanding shares of PVI. In consideration for the PVI Shares, the Company agreed to issue 1,000,000 shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, $0.0000001 par value per share ('Series A Convertible Preferred Stock'), to the PVI Stockholders. Pursuant to the terms of the PVI Agreement and Amendment No. 1 dated June 26, 2019, upon the six-month anniversary of the PVI Agreement (the 'Second Closing'), and subject to the conditions to closing set forth in the PVI Agreement, the Company was to acquire an additional 30,000 PVI Shares, equaling 30% of the outstanding shares of PVI, for a total of 50% of the outstanding shares of PVI, in consideration for an additional 1,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to be issued to the PVI Stockholders at the time of the Second Closing. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may, from time to time, be converted by the holder into shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.0000001 (the 'Common Stock') in an amount equal to ten (10) shares of Common Stock for each one (1) share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. On July 5, 2019, the Company, PVI and the PVI Stockholders, and their respective boards of directors waived the remaining conditions to closing as set forth in the PVI Agreement and ratified and approved the Second Closing. As a result of the PVI investment, the Company now has a portfolio asset (PVI) with which it has entered the cannabis cultivation, production, and distribution sector throughout California. The PVI Stockholders elected to immediately convert their shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of common stock.

On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling $1,062,000 of existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company sold to Mr. Ortega 10,000 shares of capital stock of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI'). Subsequently, on February 11, 2021, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega were reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to properly reflect the value of the Company's stock at the time of the initial agreement.

Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger ('Merger Agreement'), dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming corporation ('Pineapple Express'), and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation ('Pineapple') and wholly owned subsidiary of Pineapple Express, effective as of April 15, 2020 (the 'Effective Date'), Pineapple Express merged with and into Pineapple, with Pineapple being the surviving entity (the 'Reincorporation Merger'). The Reincorporation Merger was consummated to complete Pineapple Express' reincorporation from the State of Wyoming to the State of Nevada. The Merger Agreement, the Reincorporation Merger, the Name Change (as defined below) and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Pineapple were duly approved by the written consent of shareholders of Pineapple Express owning at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Pineapple Express' common stock, par value $0.0000001 per share (the 'PE Common Stock'). Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company's corporate name changed from 'Pineapple Express, Inc.' to 'Pineapple, Inc.'

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the United States. As a result, significant volatility has occurred in both the United States and international markets. While the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty around the duration. To date, the Company has experienced declining revenues, difficulty meeting debt covenants, maintaining consistent service quality with reduced revenue, and a loss of access to customers. Management expects this matter to continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial

position, but the ultimate financial impact of the pandemic on the Company's business, results of operations, financial position, liquidity or capital resources cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

7

In October 2020, PNPXPRESS, Inc. (an entity managed by PVI) secured three cannabis licenses, including consumer delivery and statewide distribution, from the City of Los Angeles Department of Cannabis Regulation ('LADCR') for a retail storefront location at the intersection of Hollywood &amp; Vine (1704 N. Vine Street). The lease was signed in October 2020. This 3,460 square foot dispensary will be called Pineapple Express and is scheduled to open by February of 2022, pending inspections from the LADCR. PVI has initially received 30% equity and has received a management fee of 10% of sales of this entity. On October 29, 2021, the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with an unrelated investor for the sale of 20% equity of PNPXPRESS, Inc. for a total consideration of $1,500,000. As of December 31, 2021, the Company will receive 10% of equity and will receive a management fee of 10% of sales of this entity.

On August 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the 'CGI Agreement') with Capital Growth Investments, Inc., a California corporation ('CGI') and PVI, the Company's equity-method investee. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company can acquire up to 50,000 shares of CGI (the 'Shares'), which comprise 50% of its issued and outstanding capital stock, from PVI for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000. As of December 31, 2021, $100,000 was paid by the Company, which was recorded and presented in Deposit - Stock purchase agreement related party in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. No shares of CGI will be issued until the full purchase price is paid.

Within 60 days of execution of the Agreement, the remaining balance of $900,000 was to be paid in exchange for the full 50% of the Shares of the Company. Contemporaneously with the execution of the CGI Agreement, the parties entered into a Shareholder Agreement with CGI (the 'Shareholder Agreement'). Pursuant to the Shareholder Agreement, the Company was granted certain anti-dilution rights, as well certain monthly distributions of net cash from the operations of CGI, along with other voting and indemnification rights. Pursuant to an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 26, 2021, the Company, CGI and PVI have acknowledged that the Purchase Price, which shall be paid by Buyer in installments of $100,000 as a refundable deposit, has been received. The remaining balance of $900,000 was to be paid in exchange for the entirety of the Shares on or before March 31, 2022. Should the Buyer be unable to fund the balance of $900,000 by March 31, 2022, the transaction shall be cancelled and the refundable deposit of $100,000 shall be returned to the Company. In March of 2022, the parties mutually agreed to extend the closing date to June 30, 2022 (see note 14).

## Regulatory Overview

As of the date of this filing, 37 states and four (4) territories allow for the medical use of cannabis products , while 17 of those states, the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, and Guam have also legalized the adult-use of cannabis. Although legalized in some states, cannabis is a 'Schedule 1' drug under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. § 811) ('CSA') and is illegal under federal law.

On August 29, 2013, the Department of Justice set out its prosecutorial priorities in light of various states legalizing cannabis for medicinal and/or recreational use. The 'Cole Memorandum' provided that when states have implemented strong and effective regulatory and enforcement systems to control the cultivation, distribution, sale, and possession of cannabis, conduct in compliance with those laws and regulations is less likely to threaten the federal priorities. Indeed, a robust system may affirmatively address those priorities by, for example, implementing effective measures to prevent diversion of cannabis outside of the regulated system and to other states, prohibiting access to cannabis by minors, and replacing an illicit cannabis trade that funds criminal enterprises with a tightly regulated market in which revenues are tracked and accounted for. In those circumstances, consistent with the traditional allocation of federal-state efforts in this area, the Cole Memorandum provided that enforcement of state law by state and local law enforcement and regulatory bodies should remain the primary means of addressing cannabis-related activity. If state enforcement efforts are not sufficiently robust to protect against the harms set forth above, the federal government may seek to challenge the regulatory structure itself in addition to continuing to bring individual enforcement actions, including criminal prosecutions, focused on those harms.

On January 4, 2018, Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memorandum for all United States Attorneys concerning cannabis enforcement under the Controlled Substances Act (CSA). Mr. Sessions rescinded all previous prosecutorial guidance issued by the Department of Justice regarding cannabis, including the August 29, 2013 'Cole Memorandum'.

In rescinding the Cole Memorandum, Mr. Sessions stated that U.S. Attorneys must decide whether or not to pursue prosecution of cannabis activity based upon factors including: the seriousness of the crime, the deterrent effect of criminal prosecution, and the

cumulative impact of particular crimes on the community. Mr. Sessions reiterated that the cultivation, distribution, and possession of marijuana continues to be a crime under the U.S. Controlled Substances Act.

On March 23, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed into law a $1.3 trillion-dollar spending bill that included an amendment known as 'Rohrabacher-Blumenauer,' which prohibits the Justice Department from using federal funds to prevent certain states 'from implementing their own State laws that authorize the use, distribution, possession or cultivation of medical cannabis.'

On December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed into law the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018, otherwise known as the 'Farm Bill'. Prior to its passage, hemp, a member of the cannabis family, was classified as a Schedule 1 controlled substance, and so illegal under the federal CSA.

With the passage of the Farm Bill, hemp cultivation is now broadly permitted. The Farm Bill explicitly allows the transfer of hempderived products across state lines for commercial or other purposes. It also puts no restrictions on the sale, transport, or possession of hemp-derived products, so long as those items are produced in a manner consistent with the law.

Under Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, hemp cannot contain more than 0.3 percent THC. THC refers to the chemical compound found in cannabis that produces the psychoactive 'high' associated with cannabis. Any cannabis plant that contains more than 0.3 percent THC would be considered non-hemp cannabis-or marijuana-under the CSA and would not be legally protected under this new legislation and would be treated as an illegal Schedule 1 drug.

Additionally, there will be significant, shared state-federal regulatory power over hemp cultivation and production. Under Section 10113 of the Farm Bill, state departments of agriculture must consult with the state's governor and chief law enforcement officer to devise a plan that must be submitted to the Secretary of the United States Department of Agriculture (hereafter referred to as the 'USDA'). A state's plan to license and regulate hemp can only commence once the Secretary of USDA approves that state's plan. In states opting not to devise a hemp regulatory program, USDA will construct a regulatory program under which hemp cultivators in those states must apply for licenses and comply with a federally run program. This system of shared regulatory programming is similar to options states had in other policy areas, such as health insurance marketplaces under the Affordable Care Act, or workplace safety plans under the Occupational Health and Safety Act-both of which had federally-run systems for states opting not to set up their own systems.

The Farm Bill outlines actions that are considered violations of federal hemp law (including such activities as cultivating without a license or producing cannabis with more than 0.3 percent THC). The Farm Bill details possible punishments for such violations, pathways for violators to become compliant, and even which activities qualify as felonies under the law, such as repeated offenses.

One of the goals of the previous 2014 Farm Bill was to generate and protect research into hemp. The 2018 Farm Bill continues this effort. Section 7605 re-extends the protections for hemp research and the conditions under which such research can and should be conducted. Further, section 7501 of the Farm Bill extends hemp research by including hemp under the Critical Agricultural Materials Act. This provision recognizes the importance, diversity, and opportunity of the plant and the products that can be derived from it, but also recognizes that there is a still a lot to learn about hemp and its products from commercial and market perspectives.

On January 21, 2021, Joseph R. Biden, Jr. was sworn in as President of the United States. President Biden's Attorney General, Merrick Garland, was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 10, 2021. It is not yet known whether the Department of Justice ('DOJ'), under President Biden and Attorney General Garland, will re-adopt the Cole Memorandum or announce a substantive marijuana enforcement policy. During his Senate confirmation, Merrick Garland told Senator Cory Booker (D-NJ), 'It does not seem to me useful the use of limited resources that we have to be pursuing prosecutions in states that have legalized and are regulating the use of marijuana, either medically or otherwise.' Such statements are not official declarations or policies of the DOJ and are not binding on the DOJ, any United States Attorney, or the United States federal courts. Substantial uncertainty regarding United States federal enforcement remains. To date, there have been no new federal cannabis memorandums issued by the Biden Administration or any published change in federal enforcement policy.

## Business Overview

Through our operating subsidiaries and equity-method investment, we provide capital to our canna-business clientele and provide consulting services and technology to develop, enhance, and expand existing and newly formed canna-businesses.

We also intend to create a nationally branded and vertically integrated chain of cannabis retail stores under the 'Pineapple Express' brand, which will be supported by Company-owned cultivation and processing facilities and will feature products from anticipated Company-owned manufacturers. The Company currently owns and manages city and state licensed cannabis production, manufacturing, commercial distribution, retail dispensary and distribution and home delivery dispensaries.

Companies in the cannabis industry face unique challenges and risks. To mitigate these risks, we operate both as an operating business and as a business that invests in other entities. It is our intention that this strategy will enable us to quickly develop recurring and easily replicable revenue sources, and avoid large upfront investments in infrastructure, escalating payroll costs associated with expansion, and the years of initial losses often typical of start-up companies. We believe that our competitive advantages include our business model, our exclusive proprietary technology, our employees' and consultants' extensive experience, and our key industry contacts in an industry that is both new and foreign to most. It is our expectation that these factors will set us apart from most of our competitors.

We believe that due to the highly fragmented nature of the existing cannabis industry, a vertically integrated supply chain will provide a sustainable competitive advantage over competitors, allow faster growth, foster more consistent product offerings, and make Pineapple's PVI portfolio asset more attractive for prospective licensees and customers. PVI's revenues and profitability may be adversely affected by economic conditions and changes in the market for medical and recreational marijuana. PVI's business is also subject to general economic risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition (see Risk Factors). We discuss each facet of our strategy and different line of business below.

## Retail Opportunities

As of the date of filing of this Annual Report, management has identified the following nationally recognized retail cannabis chains: Cresco Labs, Curealeaf Holdings, Inc., Green Thumb Industries, Inc., Truelieve Cannabis Corp, Acreage Holdings, Inc., Medmen, iAnthus, and Harvest Health and Recreation.

We expect that the nationally recognized chains that will be successful will either find long-term success in the retail environment, or will discover a financially attractive exit when, as management anticipates, the acquisition and consolidation phase in the industry begins. However, we believe that phase is some time away and will be dependent, at least in part, upon changes to existing federal laws and classifications. We believe that this creates an exceptionally unique opportunity for experienced and focused management teams to develop a national presence. Of particular importance and a distinct barrier to entry for the average entrepreneur is the importance of personal networks, expertise, and processes necessary to carry out project goals in this industry. PVI management's extensive experience and relationships set the Company apart from most of its competitors.

Due to a lack of established major national chains, PVI faces competition primarily from local or regional companies. It is our belief that a variety of federally enforced rules and regulations make participation by existing national healthcare chains unlikely in the near term.

Developing retail facilities from the 'ground-up' is a challenge in the cannabis industry. For example, stores must be licensed, which generally involves a costly, complex, and time-consuming process. Several jurisdictions have imposed strict limits on the number of licenses that may be issued. The present nature of cannabis in the national legislative realm has resulted in very strict zoning requirements for these types of businesses. These licensing hurdles translate into slow organic growth.

The PVI model involves PVI (a) funding established businesses in need of capital to expand where it may enjoy an eventual control option on the business (e.g. capital is invested in the business keeping the current owner focused on growth); (b) funding teams of industry professionals that are in the process of developing a new operation and are in need of guidance and capital; and to a more limited degree, (c) establishing Company owned stores from the 'ground-up.' PVI believes there are many obstacles in creating a robust and profitable national chain and at present direct store development will not be the most efficient path to success in the current cannabis environment. PVI believes approaching growth in this manner will allow it to quickly generate revenue and reach sustainable profitability. PVI is looking to pursue additional transactions with retail and cultivation facilities, manufacturers, and distributors. Please see the Initial Strategy Execution Section below for additional information.

## Obstacles and the Pineapple Solution

One obstacle to a national retail chain is producing and transporting the product. Due to existing federal laws, marijuana-based products cannot be transported across state lines. While cannabis remains illegal at the federal level, the federal government has by written policy set forth a safe harbor framework to allow the states limited independence to experiment with cannabis legalization in various forms. States have been careful to craft their local regulations to not run afoul of interstate transportation restrictions. State regulations generally require that cannabis must be grown locally (some states require retailers to grow their own product,) and that cannabis-related products, including marijuana-infused edibles, oils, lotions, or salves, cannot be transported across state lines. For larger manufacturers, state regulations generally require establishing local manufacturing in each state; this translates to securing a local state-issued license,

a challenging task in jurisdictions with limited licenses. The alternative approaches to establishing national retail chains are either through contract manufacturing or licensing. These approaches create challenges with product consistency and the complications for the manufacturer of managing so many relationships and monitoring quality. PVI has found an opportunity in the obstacle.

10

## Cannabis Production and Delivery Service

PVI is developing its cannabis and hemp and CBD-product cultivation, production and distribution businesses in various cities throughout the state of California. PVI's business model is to provide for a vertical solution to its cannabis cultivation, production, and distribution services throughout the state of California.

In March 2019, PVI launched PineappleWellness.com, a website owned by PVI, to sale and distribute hemp and CBD-based products. In April 2019, PVI re-launched PineappleExpress.com, with a focus on its cannabis sales and delivery service.

PVI, through its affiliates, obtained several permits from the Department of Public Health in the State of California to permit the temporary production of medical cannabis and adult cannabis products, from the California Department of Food and Agriculture for the temporary cultivation of cannabis, and from the California Bureau of Cannabis Control to permit temporary cannabis distribution. PVI, through its affiliates, obtained cannabis-production, distribution, and delivery permits from local city authorities, including in the cities of Chatsworth, Palm Springs, and Maywood (Los Angeles County).

In March 2019, PVI entered into a Management Services Agreement with Universal Herbal Center, Inc. ('UHC'), located in Maywood, California, to serve as the Company's primary cannabis retail delivery center for sourcing its cannabis products to local suppliers. As of the date of this Annual Report, UHC is currently delivering cannabis products to customers in Southern California.

In March 2019, PVI also entered into a second Management Services Agreement with Capital Growth Investments, Inc. ('CGI'), a retail dispensary and delivery hub intended to service the Palm Springs and Riverside County areas. PVI has obtained the relevant retail delivery and cultivation licenses for the CGI facility. It is anticipated that CGI will contain both delivery and a retail dispensary. This location is currently being built.

In October 2021, PVI entered into a Management Services Agreement with Enchanted Lands LLC located in Los Angeles, California.

The Company took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, Inc. and its proposed sub-lease companies, though the contemplated project never matriculated. As part of these preliminary business steps, rent payment paid by PVI for Nordhoff Leases, Inc., at a rate of $50,000 per month were made and PVI founders invested over $300,000 in leasehold improvements. In June 2020, the $50,000 rent payments per months were increased to $87,000 per month. During the same month, PVI then sold the licenses associated with these entities for $2.87 million to support its operation (15% was owned by PVI) and assigned the lease as part of the sale. PVI received 15% of the proceeds.

PVI through its affiliate UHC maintains a fleet of 15 delivery vehicles at the Los Angeles, CA location to service its retail delivery needs. The vehicles are outfitted with GPS, security cameras, temperature-controlled safes, cash drawers, and panic buttons.

## Consulting Services

The Pineapple management team understands the consulting, licensing, development, and compliance areas of the cannabis business and has hands-on operational experience in dispensary management from previous employment in the cannabis industry. Currently, the Company is not pursuing any consulting revenue. The Company anticipates selling the Top Shelf Safe Display System in the third fiscal quarter of 2022. The Company is planning to sell the system to PVI and other cannabis dispensary companies at $30,000 per unit. Furthermore, the Company will receive revenues from its 45.17% ownership in PVI. These revenue streams will provide the Company with long- and short-term growth capital.

The Company's portfolio asset, PVI strives to establish brand objectives, identify promotional strategies, and execute publicity and marketing plans to ensure its place in the cultural conversation. The goal is to connect with consumers on a local and national level through advertising, marketing, and strategic alliances, in order to create brand awareness for the Pineapple and THC brands. Publicity and marketing initiatives include specific strategies for radio, billboards, print media (magazines and newspapers), social media, exhibitions at industry trade shows, and local grassroots marketing efforts.

We have developed a pipeline of opportunities and have executed definitive agreements for the following transactions:

On February 12, 2016, the Company acquired the business and assets of THC Parent, the web domain www.thc.com, and the trademark THC®. THC Parent was an operating business since its incorporation in California in 1996, making it one of the first internet-based cannabis related businesses in the nation. The acquisition includes the THC.com URL address, the THC branded clothing line, use of a clothing distribution facility, and the rights to sell clothing, namely T-shirts, hats, beanies, pants, shorts, baseball jerseys, jackets, sweatshirts, polo shirts, and sweatpants displaying the THC trademarked name and logo.

In connection with the THC Merger, Ramsey Salem, the former Chief Executive Officer of THC Parent, joined the Company as Chief Executive Officer of THC in February 2016 and agreed to serve in this position for a period of five years. The Company acquired the THC business for consideration consisting of (i) a cash payment in the amount of $400,000, (ii) 2,275,133 shares of Common Stock and (iii) a $600,000 note secured by all of the purchased intellectual property that is payable in two equal installments on the 60 day and 90-day anniversaries of closing. The Company has since made these payments and has subsequently paid all amounts due under the purchase agreement on June 22, 2017. The THC Parent shareholders had the option to require the Company to purchase from them up to 1,478,836 shares at a price of $0.68 per share from February 12, 2018, through August 12, 2018; provided, however, that they may only exercise this option if, for a 90-day period, the Company's stock price is both less than $0.88 and the average daily trading volume is below 50,000. They did attempt to exercise this option, and the matter was subsequently resolved. The Company reported such settlement amount in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. THC Parent Shareholders agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares of the Company's common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Based on the settlement agreement, the Company derecognized the $1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the $1,000,000 stock subscription receivable as of December 31, 2020.

In July 2016, the Company entered into a licensing agreement with The Sharpe Company ('Sharpe') to develop brand strategy, positioning, and lifestyle merchandise for the THC brand. In partnership with Sharpe, the Company has updated THC's catalog of products and added new products. This agreement is no longer in existence and the THC.com website and trademark are being utilized by PVI per the Share Exchange Agreement. The Company currently owes The Sharpe Company $18,692.

In May 2017, the Company entered into a transaction whereas it licensed the THC.com website to The Hit Channel, Inc., which has agreed to develop the website and pay an initial licensing fee of $150,000 and enter into a revenue sharing arrangement thereafter, subject to an annual minimum amount guaranteed for the life of the contract. The THC.com website re-launched in the first quarter of 2018. This relationship is no longer in existence per a February 4, 2020, Purchase and Settlement Agreement where the Company paid The Hit Channel $40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company stock for control for a return of control of the THC.com website, which was returned to Pineapple.

In May 2017, the Company licensed its THC trademark to Putnam Accessory Group, Inc. ('PAG'), a leading accessory design, product development, production and logistics company for private label and branded fashion. PAG specialize in young men's, women's and junior's headwear, cold weather beanies, scarves, gloves, an array of both fashion and technical bags as well as small accessory items. Established in 1997, PAG is a global organization with multiple office locations: worldwide headquarters in Los Angeles; San Diego, Colorado and Japan showrooms, as well as manufacturing offices located throughout mainland China. The royalty arrangement obligates PAG to pay the Company 12% of sales during an 18-month engagement and also calls for royalty guarantee payments during subsequent renewal terms. This agreement is no longer in existence and the THC trademark was being utilized by PVI for consumer products per the Share Exchange Agreement.

12

In July 2017, the Company entered into a Patent Assignment Agreement with Sky Island, Inc. for the assignment of the patent of the Top Shelf System, along with the opportunity to sell the Safe Display System. The Company will pay Sky Island, Inc. 30% of the gross sales price of each unit as a royalty payment. If a unit is leased, the Company will pay Sky Island, Inc. 30% of any lease payments made to the Company.

On September 20, 2018, the Company entered into a Website Licensing Agreement with PVI. Two websites, www.pineappleexpress.com and www.thc.com, were being used by PVI and Pineapple. The Company received a royalty from all sales made from these websites through the Website Licensing Agreement. This agreement was made non-effective per the Share Exchange Agreement with PVI. As of the filing date of this Annual Report, the www.thc.com domain has been returned to Ramsey Houston Salem as disclosed in Item 3 (Legal Proceedings) herein pursuant to an arbitration award.

As further discussed herein, on December 17, 2020, PVI purchased from the Company all trade dress and trade names, logos, internet addresses and domain names, trademarks and service marks, and related registrations and applications, including any intent to use applications, supplemental registrations and any renewals or extensions, all other indicia of commercial source or origin, and all goodwill of any business associated with any of the foregoing.

## Properties

PVI and its affiliates (as mentioned above) require significant real estate to conduct its cannabis cultivation, production, and distribution services. The strategy is to lease existing structures to operate its businesses and/or sub-lease to clients for cannabis related purposes following development of the premises to provide the sub-tenant a suitable space for the business purpose.

Beginning in 2019 and as of the date of this Annual Report, the Company's properties are as follows:

- 9,859 sq ft of leased space in Los Angeles, CA
- 6,000 sq ft of leased space in Palm Springs, CA
- 3,600 sq ft of leased space in Hollywood, CA

On October 12, 2016, Better Business Consultants, Inc.'s, Pineapple Express One, LLC's ('PE1'), and Pineapple Express Two, LLC's ('PE2') rights under a purchase contract with United Pentecostal Church of Desert Hot Springs ('UPCDHS') to purchase 3.78 acres and existing building structures was terminated by UPCDHS. BBC, PE1, and PE2 were unsuccessful in recouping any of the $1.5 million in costs associated with deposits to UPCDHS towards the acquisition of the parcel, as well as paid and unpaid development costs expended regarding the parcel. BBC, PE1, and PE2 attempted to resolve the matter amicably with UPCDHS and the ultimate acquirer of the parcel, which gained the benefit of the development costs expended by BBC, PE1, and PE2 in improving the value of the parcel as well as the conditional use permit tied to the real estate. As a result, BBC, PE1, and PE2 were sold by us to a related party and our majority shareholder, Jaime Ortega. Mr. Ortega, the new owner of BBC, PE1, and PE2, advised management that he would address the matter with UPCDHS as well as the purchaser of the parcel, and also resolve any debts to vendors that went unpaid, through litigation. As of this date, this action was found to be the culmination of a multiplicity of actions and cross-actions arising from the claims to title relating to certain real property more commonly known as 65241 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, California, 92240-5014 and construction disputes for building projects thereon. BBC, PE1 and PE2 were dismissed from this action and will only be subject to a deficiency judgment, if any, when the property is sold.

On April 5, 2017, the Company entered into a real estate purchase transaction for a 1.26-acre parcel of land in Desert Hot Springs, CA (the 'Desert Hot Springs Property'). The Desert Hot Springs Property purchase was finalized on July 24, 2017, for $700,000 and the Company took possession of the Desert Hot Springs Property. In order to finance this purchase, the Company borrowed $700,000 from a related party entity, Sky Island, Inc., controlled by our majority shareholder, Jaime Ortega.

13

On June 20, 2017, the Desert Hot Springs Property was sold to Hawkeye, LLC in order to reduce a debt owed to them by the Company.

In March 2019, PVI entered into lease agreements related to two new locations, 9367 Cassia Road and 16441 Beaver Road in Adelanto CA, totaling 37,750 square feet of rentable warehouse space. PVI and its tenants of these properties never moved in and eventually moved the project to Chatsworth, CA.

In October 2020, PVI entered into a lease agreement related to a location at 1704 Vine Street in Hollywood CA, totaling 3,600 square feet of rentable retail space. This property is currently under construction and is expected to be ready to operate in February 2022.

## Employees

As of December 31, 2021, the Company, excluding its subsidiaries, had no full-time employees, four independent contractors, and no part-time employees.

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

## Risks Related to Our Company and Our Business

## We have a limited operating history and operate in a new industry, and we may not succeed.

We have a limited operating history and may not succeed. We are subject to all risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our likelihood of continued success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications, and delays frequently encountered in connection with manufacturing specialty products and the competitive and regulatory environment in which we operate. For example, the cannabis industry is a new industry that may not succeed, particularly should the Federal government change course and decide to prosecute those dealing in medical or recreational cannabis. In such event, there may not be an adequate market for our products. As a new industry, there are few established players whose business models we can follow. Similarly, there is little information about comparable companies for potential investors to review in making a decision about whether to invest in the Company.

Potential investors should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies that, like us, are in their early stages. For example, unanticipated expenses, unexpected problems, and technical difficulties may occur and they may result in material delays in the operation of our business, in particular with respect to our new products. We may not successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating strategies. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations and could impair the value of our Common Stock to the point investors may lose their entire investment.

We have incurred significant losses since our inception, have generated minimal revenues to date and anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future; our auditors have included in their audit report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, an explanatory paragraph as to substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern.

We have incurred significant net losses in each year since our inception, including net losses of $1,104,819 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and $1,148,828 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of $15,672,308. We anticipate incurring additional losses until such time we can generate significant revenues, and/or reduce operating costs. To date, we have generated minimal revenues and have financed our operations exclusively through the sale of our equity and debt securities. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future expenditures and our ability to generate revenue. We expect a continued increase in our expenses associated with our operations as we are currently a reporting publicly traded company. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of other reasons, including unsuccessful acquisitions, costs of integrating new businesses and assets, expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown events. As a result of the foregoing, we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability.

14

Our auditors have included in their audit reports for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, a 'going concern' explanatory paragraph as to substantial doubt as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to meet our total liabilities of $3,065,044 as of December 31, 2021, and to continue as a going concern, is dependent on us generating substantial revenues and/or obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until we become profitable. We may never achieve profitability, and even if we do, we may not be able to sustain being profitable. As a result of our going concern qualification, there is an increased risk that you could lose the entire amount of your investment in our Company, which assumes the realization of our assets and the satisfaction of our liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business.

## Uncertainty of profitability.

Our business strategy may result in increased volatility of revenues and earnings. As we will only develop a limited number of products and services at a time, our overall success will depend on a limited number of products and services, which may cause variability and unsteady profits and losses depending on the products and services offered and their market acceptance.

Our revenues and our profitability may be adversely affected by economic conditions and changes in the market for medical and recreational marijuana. Our business is also subject to general economic risks that could adversely impact the results of operations and financial condition.

Because of the anticipated nature of the products and services that we offer and attempt to develop, it is difficult to accurately forecast revenues and operating results and these items could fluctuate in the future due to a number of factors. These factors may include, among other things, the following:

- Our ability to raise sufficient capital to take advantage of opportunities and generate sufficient revenues to cover expenses.
- Our ability to source strong opportunities with sufficient risk adjusted returns.
- Our ability to manage our capital and liquidity requirements based on changing market conditions generally and changes in the developing legal medical marijuana and recreational marijuana industries.
- The acceptance of the terms and conditions of our services.
- The amount and timing of operating and other costs and expenses.
- The nature and extent of competition from other companies that may reduce market share and create pressure on pricing and investment return expectations.
- Adverse changes in the national and regional economies in which we will participate, including, but not limited to, changes in our performance, capital availability, and market demand.
- Adverse changes in the projects in which we plan to invest which result from factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to, a change in circumstances, capacity and economic impacts.
- Adverse developments in the efforts to legalize marijuana or increased federal enforcement.
- Changes in laws, regulations, accounting, taxation, and other requirements affecting our operations and business.
- Our operating results may fluctuate from year to year due to the factors listed above and others not listed. At times, these fluctuations may be significant.

15

## Cannabis remains illegal under federal law.

Cannabis is a categorized as a Schedule I controlled substance by the Drug Enforcement Agency and the United States Department of Justice and is illegal to grow, possess and consume under federal law. Even in those jurisdictions in which the use of medical cannabis has been legalized at the state level, its use remains a violation of federal law. The United States Supreme Court has ruled in United States v. Oakland Cannabis Buyers' Coop. and Gonzales v. Raich that it is the federal government that has the right to regulate and criminalize cannabis, even for medical purposes. Therefore, federal law criminalizing the use of cannabis preempts state laws that legalize its use for medicinal or adult-retail purposes. Strict enforcement of federal law regarding cannabis would likely result in our inability to proceed with our business plan.

The previous Obama administration has effectively stated that it is not an efficient use of resources to direct federal law enforcement agencies to prosecute those lawfully abiding by state-designated laws allowing the use and distribution of medical cannabis. In furtherance thereof, on August 29, 2013, the Department of Justice provided guidance to all U.S. federal prosecutors with respect to the enforcement of laws regarding cannabis via the publication of a memorandum authored by former US Attorney General James M. Cole (the 'Cole Memo'). The Cole Memo stated that enforcement should be focused on eight priorities, which is to prevent: (1) distribution of cannabis to minors; (2) revenue from sale of cannabis to criminal enterprises, gangs and cartels; (3) transfer of cannabis from states where it is legal to states where it is illegal; (4) cannabis activity from being a pretext for trafficking of other illegal drugs or illegal activity; (5) violence of use of firearms in cannabis growth and distribution; (6) drugged driving and adverse public health consequences from cannabis use; (7) growth of cannabis on federal lands; and (8) cannabis possession or use on federal property.

On January 4, 2017, the U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions rescinded the Cole Memo and restored the 'rule of law.' Such rescission essentially shifts federal policy from the hands-off approach adopted under the Obama administration to allowing federal prosecutors across the U.S. to decide individually how to prioritize resources to crack down on pot possession, distribution and cultivation of the drug

in states where it is legal. Furthermore, the Trump administration has previously indicated that it will pursue the enforcement of federal cannabis laws.

While we do not believe our current activities involve those enumerated in the Cole Memo, in light of the rescission of the memo by the current Attorney General, federal prosecutors will now have significant discretion on their interpretation of these priorities, and no assurances can be given that federal prosecutors will agree with our position. We therefore cannot provide assurance that our actions are in full compliance with the Cole Memo or any other state or federal laws or regulations. In addition, there is no guarantee that the current administration will not further change its policy regarding the strict enforcement of federal laws or the eight listed priorities. Additionally, any new administration that follows could change this policy and decide to enforce the federal laws even stronger. Any such change in the federal government's enforcement of current federal laws could cause significant financial damage to us and our shareholders.

Some of our business activities and the business activities of some of our customers, while believed to be compliant with applicable state law, are illegal under federal law because they violate the Federal Controlled Substances Act. If we or our customers are closed by law enforcement authorities, it will materially and adversely affect our business.

As of the date of this filing, 37 states and 4 territories allow for the medical use of cannabis products., and four U.S. Territories Puerto Rico and Guam while 18 of those states, the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, and Guam have also legalized the adultuse of cannabis. Although legalized in some states, cannabis is a 'Schedule 1' drug under the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. § 811) ('CSA') and is illegal under federal law.

The Federal Controlled Substances Act, the possession, use, cultivation, marketing, and transfer of cannabis is illegal. The federal, and in some cases state, law enforcement authorities have frequently closed down dispensaries and investigated and/or closed physician offices that provide medicinal cannabis recommendations. To the extent that we our customers' dispensary or factory is closed, it will negatively affect our revenue, and to the extent that it prevents or discourages other similar businesses from entering the cannabis industry, our potential customer base would contract, leading to a material negative effect on our business and operations.

16

## The cannabis industry faces strong opposition.

It is believed by many that large well-funded businesses may have a strong economic opposition to the cannabis industry. We believe that the pharmaceutical industry does not want to cede control of any product that could generate significant revenue. For example, medical cannabis will likely adversely impact the existing market for medicines sold by mainstream pharmaceutical companies that contain active ingredients from cannabis. Furthermore, the medical marijuana industry could face a material threat from the pharmaceutical industry, should marijuana displace other drugs or encroach upon the pharmaceutical industry's products. The pharmaceutical industry is well funded with a strong and experienced lobby that eclipses the funding of the medical cannabis movement. Any inroads the pharmaceutical industry could make in halting or impeding the cannabis industry could have a detrimental impact on our proposed business.

Additionally, we are substantially dependent on continued market acceptance and proliferation of consumers of cannabis, medical marijuana, and recreational marijuana. We believe that as marijuana becomes more accepted the stigma associated with marijuana use will diminish and as a result consumer demand will continue to grow. While we believe that the market and opportunity in the marijuana space continues to grow, we cannot predict the future growth rate and size of the market. Any negative outlook on the marijuana industry will adversely affect our business operations.

## There is uncertainty regarding the availability of U.S. federal patent and trademark protection.

As long as cannabis remains illegal under U.S. federal law, the benefit of certain federal laws and protections which may be available to most businesses, such as federal trademark and patent protection regarding the intellectual property of a business, may not be available to us. As a result, our intellectual property may never be adequately or sufficiently protected against the use or misappropriation by third parties. In addition, since the regulatory framework of the cannabis industry is in a constant state of flux, we can provide no assurance that it will ever obtain any protection of its intellectual property, whether on a federal, state, or local level.

## There may be a U.S. Food and Drug Administration ('FDA') risk.

If legalization occurs federally, the FDA could impose additional regulations or risks on cannabis.

## We could experience difficulty enforcing our contracts.

Due to the nature of our business and the fact that our contracts involve cannabis and other activities that are not legal under U.S. federal law and in some jurisdictions, we may face difficulties in enforcing our contracts in federal and certain state courts. The inability to enforce any of our contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects.

## We and our customers and clients may have difficulty accessing the service of banks, which may make it difficult for them to operate.

Since the use of cannabis is illegal under federal law, there is a compelling argument that banks cannot accept for deposit funds from businesses involved with cannabis. While the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network ('FinCEN') has provided guidance to financial institutions on how to provide services to marijuana-related businesses consistent with their Bank Secrecy Act obligations, the decision to open, close, or refuse accounts and/or relationships are made at the discretion of the banking institution. Consequently, businesses involved in the cannabis industry often have trouble finding a bank willing to accept their business. The inability to open bank accounts may make it difficult for us and our clients to operate.

17

Due to our involvement in the cannabis industry, we may have a difficult time obtaining the various insurances that are desired to operate our business, which may expose us to additional risk and financial liability.

Insurance that is otherwise readily available, such as general liability, and directors and officer's insurance, is more difficult for us to find, and more expensive, because we are service providers to companies in the cannabis industry. There are no guarantees that we will be able to find such insurances in the future, or that the cost will be affordable to us. If we are forced to go without such insurances, it may prevent us from entering into certain business sectors, may inhibit our growth, and may expose us to additional risk and financial liabilities.

## The cannabis industry is relatively new.

We are operating in a relatively new industry and market. In addition to being subject to general business risks, we must continue to build brand awareness in this industry and market share through significant investments in our strategy, production capacity, quality assurance and compliance with regulations. Research in the United States and internationally regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy and dosing of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids, such as cannabidiol, or CBD, and tetrahydrocannabinol, or THC, remains in relatively early stages. Few clinical trials on the benefits of cannabis or isolated cannabinoids have been conducted. Future research and clinical trials may draw opposing conclusions to statements contained in the articles, reports and studies currently favored, or could reach different or negative conclusions regarding the medical benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing or other facts and perceptions related to medical cannabis, which could adversely affect social acceptance of cannabis and the demand for our products and dispensary services.

Accordingly, there is no assurance that the cannabis industry and the market for medicinal and/or adult-use cannabis will continue to exist and grow as currently anticipated or function and evolve in a manner consistent with management's expectations and assumptions. Any event or circumstance that adversely affects the cannabis industry, such as the imposition of further restrictions on sales and marketing or further restrictions on sales in certain areas and markets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## We face risks due to industry immaturity or limited comparable, competitive, or established industry best practices.

As a relatively new industry, there are not many established operators in the medical and adult use cannabis industries whose business models we can follow or build upon. Similarly, there is no or limited information about comparable companies available for potential investors to review in making a decision about whether to invest in us.

Shareholders and investors should consider, among other factors, our prospects for success in light of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies, like us, that are in their early stages. For example, unanticipated expenses and problems or technical difficulties may occur, which may result in material delays in the operation of our business. We may fail to successfully address these risks and uncertainties or successfully implement our operating strategies. If we fail to do so, it could materially harm our business to the point of having to cease operations and could impair the value of the Subordinate Voting Shares to the extent that investors may lose their entire investments.

Our ability to grow our medical and adult-use cannabis product offerings and dispensary services may be limited.

As we introduce or expand our medical and adult-use cannabis product offerings and dispensary services, we may incur losses or otherwise fail to enter certain markets successfully. Our expansion into new markets may place us in competitive and regulatory environments with which we are unfamiliar and involve various risks, including the need to invest significant resources and the possibility that returns on those investments will not be achieved for several years, if at all. In attempting to establish new product offerings or dispensary services, we may incur significant expenses and face various other challenges, such as expanding our work force and management personnel to cover these markets and complying with complicated cannabis regulations that apply to these markets. In addition, we may not successfully demonstrate the value of these product offerings and dispensary services to consumers, and failure to do so would compromise our ability to successfully expand these additional revenue streams.

18

## Laws and regulations affecting the cannabis industry are constantly changing, which could detrimentally affect our business, and we cannot predict the impact that future regulations may have on us.

Local, state and federal medical cannabis laws and regulations are broad in scope, and they are subject to evolving interpretations, which could require our licensees to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of their sales or marketing practices. For example, the rescission of the Cole Memo by U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions on January 4, 2018. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our license business and result in a material adverse effect on our revenues under our license agreements, which would negatively affect our profitability and financial condition.

In addition, it is possible that regulations may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to us and our business. We cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our business. These potential effects could include, however, requirements for the revisions to our business model to meet new standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products, or additional record keeping and reporting requirements. Any or all of these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## We may not obtain the required state and local licenses required to conduct our business.

Where applicable, we apply for state and/or licenses that are necessary to conduct our business in compliance with local laws. While we are not required to obtain governmental approval in connection with providing the services we offer or for manufacturing the products we sell, establishing an operating dispensary requires governmental approval, usually at the local and state level. Such approval is obtained through a complex licensing process that is newly adopted by the states in almost all cases, which we monitor on behalf of our clients. If we are not granted necessary licenses by the relevant governing bodies, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which can adversely affect the cost, manner and feasibility of doing business .

We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which can adversely affect the cost, manner and feasibility of doing business. The operations and facilities of our facilities will be subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the growth of cannabis and the manufacture and distribution of products containing cannabis (and/ or its psychoactive compound, THC). Such existing laws or regulations regarding cannabis and its psychoactive compound, as currently interpreted or reinterpreted in the future, or future laws or regulations, may adversely affect our businesses and sales. Consequently, our revenues would thereby decrease, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

## Ordinary and necessary business deduction other than the cost of goods sold are disallowed by the Internal Revenue Service for Cannabis companies under the Internal Revenue Code (the 'IRC') Section 280E.

IRC Section 280E prohibits our businesses from deducting ordinary and necessary business expenses pertaining to cannabis sale, forcing the Company to contend with higher effective federal tax rates than similar companies in other industries. This onerous tax burden significantly impacts the profitability of the Company and may make the pricing of its products less competitive.

If no additional states allow the medicinal or adult-retail use of cannabis, or if one or more states that currently allow it, reverse their position, we may not be able to continue our growth, or the market for our products and services may decline.

As of December 31, 2021, 37 states and the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, Guam and Puerto Rico have passed laws allowing some degree of medical use of cannabis, while eighteen (18) of those states and the District of Columbia, the Northern Mariana Islands, and Guam, have also legalized the adult-use of cannabis. There can be no assurance that number of states that allow the use of medicinal and recreational cannabis will grow, and if it does not, there can be no assurance that the 37 existing states and/or the District of Columbia will not reverse their position and make medicinal and recreational cannabis illegal again. If either of these things happens, then not only will the growth of our business be materially impacted, but we may experience declining revenue as the market for our products and services declines.

Arizona, Montana, New Jersey, South Dakota, New York, Virginia, Connecticut, and New Mexico passed laws allowing recreational (adult-use) marijuana and Mississippi and Alabama passed an initiative allowing medical marijuana.

19

## We may not be able to effectively control and manage our growth.

Our strategy envisions a period of potentially rapid growth. We currently maintain nominal administrative and personnel capacity due to the startup nature of our business, and our expected growth may impose a significant burden on our future planned administrative and operational resources. The growth of our business may require significant investments of capital and increased demands on our management, workforce and facilities. We will be required to substantially expand our administrative and operational resources and attract, train, manage and retain qualified management and other personnel. Failure to do so or satisfy such increased demands would interrupt or would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

## Our industry is highly competitive, and we have less capital and resources than many of our competitors which may give them an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or make our products obsolete.

We are involved in a highly competitive industry where we may compete with numerous other companies who offer alternative methods or approaches, who may have far greater resources, more experience, and personnel perhaps more qualified than we do. Such resources may give our competitors an advantage in developing and marketing products similar to ours or products that make our products obsolete. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against these other entities.

## The success of our new and existing partnerships, products, and services is uncertain, and large resources may be required to sustain our current business model.

We have committed, and expect to continue to commit, significant resources and capital to develop and market existing partnership, product, and service enhancements as well as new partnerships, products and services. These partnerships, products and services are relatively new and untested, and we cannot assure you that we will achieve market acceptance for these partnerships, products, and services, or other new partnerships, products and services that we may offer in the future. Moreover, these and other new partnerships, products and services may be subject to significant competition with offerings by new and existing competitors in our sector. In addition, new partnerships, products, services and enhancements may pose a variety of technical challenges and require us to attract additional qualified employees. The failure to successfully develop and market these new partnerships, products, services, or enhancements could seriously harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Our business is dependent upon continued market acceptance by consumers .

We are substantially dependent on continued market acceptance of our products and our licensees', lessee's, or tenant's products by consumers. Although we believe that the use of cannabis in the United States is gaining stronger consumer acceptance, we cannot predict the future growth rate and size of this market.

## If we fail to successfully introduce new partnerships or products, we may lose market position.

New partnerships, products, and product improvements, and line extensions will be an important factor in our sales growth. If we fail to identify emerging consumer and technological trends, to maintain and improve the competitiveness of our existing partnerships and products or to successfully introduce new products on a timely basis, we may lose market position. Continued business development, product development, and marketing efforts have all the risks inherent in the development of new partnerships, products, and line extensions, including development delays, the failure of new partnerships, products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance and the cost of failed product introductions.

## We are dependent upon key personnel whose loss may adversely impact our business.

We rely heavily on the expertise, experience and continued services of Matthew Feinstein, our Chief Financial Officer, Shawn Credle, our Chief Executive Officer, Joshua Eisenberg, our Chief Operating Officer, and Marco Rullo, our Chief Strategy Officer. The loss of Mr. Feinstein, Mr. Credle, Mr. Eisenberg, or Mr. Rullo, or an inability to attract or retain other key individuals, could materially adversely affect us. We seek to compensate and motivate Mr. Feinstein, Mr. Credle, Mr. Eisenberg, and Mr. Rullo, as well as other personnel, through competitive cash and equity compensation, but there can be no assurance that these programs will allow us to retain key personnel or hire new key personnel. As a result, if any member of our key personnel were to leave, we could face substantial difficulty in hiring a qualified successor and could experience a loss in productivity while any such successor obtains the necessary training and experience. Mr. Feinstein, Mr. Credle, Mr. Eisenberg, and Mr. Rullo were the only key persons that we were dependent upon as of December 31, 2021.

## Our services have never been provided on a mass market commercial basis, and we do not know whether they will be accepted by the market.

The market for cannabis products is at a relatively early stage of development and the extent to which its use will be widely adopted is uncertain. If our services are not accepted by the market, our business plans, prospects, results of operations and financial condition will suffer. Moreover, jurisdictions that have not approved the medicinal and/or adult-retail use of cannabis products may decide not to permit the use of such products. The development of a successful market for our proposed operations and our ability to license our intellectual property and implement our business plan may be affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. If our proposed operations fail to gain sufficient market acceptance, our business plans, prospects, results of operations and financial condition will suffer.

## We may be unable to adequately protect or enforce our patents and proprietary rights.

Our continuing success depends, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property and maintain the proprietary nature of our technology through a combination of patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property arrangements, without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. We cannot assure that these patents, trademarks, licenses and other intellectual property arrangements will be held valid if challenged, or that other parties will not claim rights in or ownership of our patent and other proprietary rights. We also cannot assure that our pending patents will be issued. Moreover, patents issued to us or those we license patents from may be circumvented or fail to provide adequate protection.

## Unfavorable outcomes in legal proceedings may adversely affect our business, financial conditions and results of operations.

Our results may be affected by the outcome of future litigation. Unfavorable rulings in our legal proceedings may have a negative impact on us that may be greater or smaller depending on the nature of the rulings. In addition, from time to time in the future we may be subject to various claims, investigations, legal and administrative cases and proceedings (whether civil or criminal) or lawsuits by governmental agencies or private parties, including as described in the immediately preceding risk factor. For example, see 'Item 3. Legal Proceedings' regarding our ongoing and recently resolved litigation. If the results of these investigations, proceedings or suits are unfavorable to us or if we are unable to successfully defend against third party lawsuits, we may be required to pay monetary damages or may be subject to fines, penalties, injunctions or other censure that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if we adequately address the issues raised by an investigation or proceeding or successfully defend a third-party lawsuit or counterclaim, we may have to devote significant financial and management resources to address these issues, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.

21

## Litigation brought by third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights or trying to invalidate intellectual property rights owned or used by us may be costly and time consuming.

We may face lawsuits from time to time alleging that our intellectual property infringes on third-party intellectual property, and/or seeking to invalidate or limit our ability to use our intellectual property.

If we become involved in litigation, we may incur substantial expense defending these claims and the proceedings may divert the attention of management, even if we prevail. An adverse determination in proceedings of this type could subject us to significant liabilities, allow

our competitors to market competitive products without a license from us, prohibit us from marketing our products or require us to seek licenses from third parties that may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all.

## If we are deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could have an adverse effect on our business.

The Investment Company Act contains substantive legal requirements that regulate the manner in which 'investment companies' are permitted to conduct their business activities. We believe that we have conducted our business in a manner that does not result in being characterized as an 'investment company' under the Investment Company Act because we are primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. Although a portion of our assets may constitute investments in non-controlled entities, namely our subsidiary, PEC, provided capital to canna-related business clientele, we believe that we are not an investment company as defined by the Investment Company Act. While we intend to conduct our operations such that we will not be deemed an investment company, such a determination would require us to initiate burdensome compliance requirements and comply with restrictions imposed by the Investment Company Act that would limit our activities, including limitations on our capital structure and our ability to transact with affiliates, which would have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To avoid such a determination, we may be required to conduct our business in a manner that does not subject us to the requirements of the Investment Company Act, which could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, we may be required to sell certain of our assets and pay significant taxes upon the sale or transfer of such assets.

## Risks Relating to our Cannabis Development Project

## Our tenants may not be able to successfully execute their respective business strategies and may not be able to meet their lease obligations or avoid defaults.

We will depend on rental income from tenants for a significant portion of our revenues. Our financial performance would be adversely affected if a significant number of our tenants fail to meet their lease obligations. We expect our tenants to be successful not only in growing marijuana, but also in developing and marketing their products and successfully executing their business strategies. Should they be unable to grow marijuana or to distribute their products, or if their businesses are not profitable, they may not be able to make their scheduled lease payments and default on their obligations.

## The Cities of Los Angeles' and Palm Springs' laws and regulations may change.

While PVI and its affiliates have leased buildings whereby cannabis activities are currently able to be permitted, changes to the City's applicable laws and regulations or the permitting process may impact PVI's and its affiliates' ability to expand the permits to new tenants. Alleged violation of these laws could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we cannot predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications of laws and regulations.

## Damage from catastrophic weather and other natural events and climate change could result in losses to our Company.

Our buildings and land are susceptible to natural disaster type of events that could interrupt and halt our tenant's ability to grow and cultivate marijuana. They are located in areas that may experience catastrophic weather and other natural events from time to time, including fires, windstorms or hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding or other severe weather. These adverse weather and natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties which could exceed our insurance coverage. In the event of a loss in excess of insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. We could also continue to be obligated to repay any obligations related to the property. Any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in federal and state legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue.

22

## We may face possible agricultural risks.

Cultivation hasn't become operational yet, but when it does, there are risks such as there may be bad crops if not handled correctly by the cultivators.

## We may face legacy litigation related to our prior ownership of THC.

Even though we transferred the rights of the website and trademark for THC Industries, LLC, we may experience litigation brought by third parties claiming infringement of their intellectual property rights or trying to invalidate intellectual property rights owned or used by us may be costly and time consuming. Management intends to dissolve THC Industries, LLC.

PVI's plans to expand its product offerings and sales channels might not be successful, and implementation of these plans might divert our operational, managerial and administrative resources, which could impact our competitive position.

PVI's success and the planned growth and expansion of the business depends on their products and services achieving greater and broader acceptance, resulting in a larger customer base, and on the expansion of its operations into new markets. However, there can be no assurance that customers will purchase its products and/or services, or that they will be able to continually expand their customer base. Additionally, if they are unable to effectively market or expand their product and/or service offerings, we will be unable to grow and expand our business or implement our business strategy.

PVI's ability to grow its existing brand and develop or identify new growth opportunities depends in part on its ability to appropriately identify, develop and effectively execute strategies and initiatives. Failure to effectively identify, develop and execute strategies and initiatives may lead to increased operating costs without offsetting benefits and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. These plans involve various risks discussed elsewhere in these risk factors, including:

- implementation of these plans may be delayed or may not be successful;
- if PVI's expanded product offerings and sales channels fail to maintain and enhance our distinctive brand identity, our brand image may be diminished, and our sales may decrease; and
- implementation of these plans may divert management's attention from other aspects of our business and place a strain on our management, operational and financial resources, as well as our information systems.

In addition, PVI's ability to successfully carry out our plans to expand its product offerings may be affected by, among other things, laws and regulations pertaining to cannabis use, economic and competitive conditions, changes in consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences. PVI's expansion plans could be delayed or abandoned, could cost more than anticipated and could divert resources from other areas of our business, any of which could impact its competitive position and reduce our revenue and profitability.

23

## A disruption in information technology infrastructure may interrupt operations and effect the Company and its investors.

PVI depends on information systems to operate their business, including websites, process transactions, respond to customer inquiries, manage inventory and production, purchase, sell and ship goods on a timely basis and maintain cost-efficient operations. PVI may experience operational problems with their information systems as a result of system failures, viruses, computer 'hackers' or other causes.

Any material disruption or slowdown of PVI systems could cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed, delays in the delivery of merchandise to our stores and customers or lost sales.

Moreover, PVI may not be successful in developing or acquiring technology that is competitive and responsive to the needs of our customers and might lack sufficient resources to make the necessary investments in technology to compete with our competitors. Accordingly, if changes in technology cause our information systems to become obsolete, or if our information systems are inadequate to handle our growth, we could lose customers.

## A failure in PVI's online retail operations could significantly disrupt our business and lead to reduced sales and reputational damage.

PVI's online retail operations account for a significant portion of the Company's income and are subject to numerous risks that could have a material adverse effect on our operational results. Risks to online revenue include, but are not limited to, the following:

- Poor customer service;
- Poor execution of operations;

- changes in consumer preferences and buying trends relating to internet usage;
- changes in required technology interfaces;
- website downtime; and
- risks related to the failure of the systems that operate the web sites and their related support systems, including computer viruses, theft of customer information, telecommunication failures and electronic break-ins and similar disruptions.

PVI's failure to successfully respond to these risks and uncertainties could reduce Internet sales and damage our brand's reputation.

## Failure to protect the integrity and security of our information systems and our customers' information could materially adversely affect our results of operations, damage our reputation, and expose us to litigation.

Cannabis delivery sales through PVI's website operations may involve the collection, storage and transmission of customers' credit card information and personal identification data, as well as employee information and non-public company data. The costs associated with maintaining the security of such information, including increased investments in technology, the costs of compliance with consumer protection laws, and costs resulting from consumer fraud or a malicious breach of our information systems, could materially adversely affect our results of operations. If the security of the customer data stored on our servers or transmitted by our network is breached, our reputation could be materially adversely affected, which could negatively impact our sales results, and we could be subject to litigation. To date, we have not experienced any security breaches.

## We may be required to recognize impairment charges that could materially affect our results of operations.

We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets, and our other long-lived assets as and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ('GAAP') to determine whether they are impaired. If they are impaired, we would record appropriate impairment charges. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges in the future and, if we do so, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

24

## Risks Relating to our Interest in PVI.

## Our future success depends on PVI's ability to grow and expand their customer base. PVI's failure to achieve such growth or expansion could materially harm our business.

To date, our revenue growth has been derived from licensing intellectual property and our portfolio of income generating assets. Our success and the planned growth and expansion of our business depend on us achieving greater and broader acceptance of PVI's products and expanding its customer base. There can be no assurance that customers will purchase their products or that they will continue to expand their customer base. If they are unable to effectively market or expand their product offerings, they will be unable to grow and expand their business or implement their business strategy. This could materially impair their ability to increase sales and revenue and materially and adversely affect their margins, which could harm our business and cause our stock price to decline.

If we incur substantial liability from litigation, complaints, or enforcement actions resulting from misconduct by our distributors, our financial condition could suffer. We will require that our distributors comply with applicable law and with our policies and procedures. Although we will use various means to address misconduct by our distributors, including maintaining these policies and procedures to govern the conduct of our distributors and conducting training seminars, it will still be difficult to detect and correct all instances of misconduct. Violations of applicable law or our policies and procedures by our distributors could lead to litigation, formal or informal complaints, enforcement actions, and inquiries by various federal, state, or foreign regulatory authorities against us and/or our distributors. and could consume considerable amounts of financial and other corporate resources, which could have a negative impact on our sales, revenue, profitability and growth prospects. As we are currently in the process of implementing our direct sales distributor program, we have not been, and are not currently, subject to any material litigation, complaint or enforcement action regarding distributor misconduct by any federal, state or foreign regulatory authority.

PVI's future manufacturers could fail to fulfill orders for products, which would disrupt their business, increase costs, harm their reputation and potentially cause them to lose our market.

PVI depends on certain manufacturers to produce products. These manufacturers could fail to produce products to PVI's specifications or in a workmanlike manner and may not deliver the units on a timely basis. Their manufacturers may also have to obtain inventories of necessary parts. Any change in manufacturers to resolve production issues could disrupt PVI's ability to fulfill orders. Any change in manufacturers to resolve production issues could also disrupt business due to delays in finding new manufacturers, providing specifications, and testing initial production. Such disruptions in business and/or delays in fulfilling orders would harm PVI's reputation and would potentially cause them us to lose their market.

## Our industry is subject to intense competition.

The Company has entered the cannabis distribution business as a result of the PVI share exchange. There is potential that PVI will face intense competition from other companies, some of which can be expected to have longer operating histories and more financial resources and experience than the Company. Increased competition by larger and better-financed competitors could materially and adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the PVI.

Because of the early stage of the industry in which the PVI operates, the Company expects to face additional competition from new entrants. To become and remain competitive, PVI will require research and development, marketing, sales and support. PVI may not have sufficient resources to maintain research and development, marketing, sales and support efforts on a competitive basis which could materially and adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects of the Company.

As well, the legal landscape for medical and recreational marijuana is changing internationally. More countries have passed laws that allow for the production and distribution of medical marijuana in some form or another. We have some international partnerships in place, which may be affected if more countries legalize medical marijuana. Increased international competition might lower the demand for our products on a global scale.

25

## New well-capitalized entrants into our industry may develop large-scale operations which will make it difficult for our business to compete and remain profitable.

Currently, the marijuana industry generally is comprised of individuals and small to medium-sized entities, however, the risk remains that large conglomerates and companies who also recognize the potential for financial success through investment in this industry could strategically purchase or assume control of larger dispensaries and cultivation facilities. In doing so, these larger competitors could establish price setting and cost controls which would effectively 'price out' many of the individuals and small to medium-sized entities who currently make up the bulk of the participants in the varied businesses operating within and in support of the medical marijuana industry. While the trend in most state laws and regulations seemingly deters this type of takeover, this industry remains quite nascent, so what the landscape will be in the future remains largely unknown, which in itself is a risk.

Our proposed business plan is subject to all business risks associated with new business enterprises, including the absence of any significant operating history upon which to evaluate an investment. The likelihood of our success must be considered in light of the problems, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with the formation of a new business, the development of new strategy and the competitive environment in which the Company will operate. It is possible that the Company will incur losses in the future. There is no guarantee that the Company will be profitable.

## Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock

## The OTC Markets Group identified our common stock with a caveat-emptor.

Prior to April 28, 2016, our common stock was quoted on the OTC Pink Marketplace. On April 28, 2016, the SEC suspended the trading of our Common Stock due to unexplained market activity. It is management's belief that such activity was spawned by news of a public figure investing into the Company. The trading suspension ended on May 11, 2016, but a broker must also file a Form 15c2-11 with FINRA that must be approved before our Common Stock can be eligible to resume quotation on the OTC Pink Marketplace or OTCQB Marketplace. As of the date hereof, a licensed broker filed a Form 15c2-11 to resume quotations on the OTC marketplace, since the Company regained current status with its filing obligations.

On March 31, 2016, the OTC Markets Group identified our securities with a caveat emptor symbol due to trading activity that caused our stock price to rise from a low of $10.10 on March 24, 2016, to a high of $42.38 on March 31, 2016. The caveat emptor symbol

is intended to inform investors that there may be reason to exercise additional care and perform thorough due diligence in making investment decisions in an issuer.

We regained current status with our filing obligations in the fourth quarter of 2021, and a licensed broker filed a Form 15c2-11 application in order to remove the caveat emptor symbol and resume quotations on the OTC marketplace. Should the OTC Markets Group refuse to remove the caveat emptor symbol, our common stock may never be able to transition from the OTC Pink Market, the trading price of our common stock could suffer, the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid and our stock price may be subject to increased volatility, making it difficult or impossible for you to resell shares of our common stock.

## Due to our connection to the cannabis industry, there can be no assurance that our shares of common stock will ever be approved for listing on a national securities exchange.

Currently, shares of our common stock are traded on the OTC Pink Market and are not listed on any national securities exchange, such as the New York Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market. Even if we desire to have our shares listed on a national securities exchange, the fact that our business is associated with the use of cannabis, the legal status of which is uncertain in some states and at the federal level, may make any efforts to become listed on a securities exchange more problematic as we believe national exchanges may be reluctant to list shares of companies whose business is associated with the recreational use of cannabis. While we plan to work with NASDAQ or other exchanges in an attempt to change their views of responsible cannabis related businesses, there can be no assurance that our common stock will ever be listed on NASDAQ or any other national securities exchange. As a result, our common stock may never develop an active trading market which may limit our investors' ability to liquidate their investments or cause our stock price to be particularly volatile.

26

## Our stock may be traded infrequently and in low volumes, so you may be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell your shares.

Until our common stock is listed on a national securities exchange, our common stock may only trade on one of the OTC Markets (if we are successful in applying to trade on such marketplaces) or on the OTC Pink Market. In those markets, however, the shares of our common stock may trade infrequently and in low volumes, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. An investor may find it difficult to obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our common stock or to sell his or her shares at or near bid prices or at all. In addition, if we fail to meet the criteria set forth in SEC reporting regulations, various requirements would be imposed by law on broker-dealers who sell our securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such regulations may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our common stock, which may further affect the liquidity of our common stock. This would also make it more difficult for us to raise capital.

There currently is no active public market for our common stock and there can be no assurance that an active public market will ever develop. Failure to develop or maintain a trading market could negatively affect the value of our common stock and make it difficult or impossible for you to sell your shares.

There is currently no active public market for shares of our common stock, and one may never develop. Our common stock is currently traded on the OTC Pink Market. The OTC Pink Market is a thinly traded market and lacks the liquidity of certain other public markets with which some investors may have more experience. We may not ever be able to satisfy the requirements to be quoted on the OTC Markets or satisfy the listing requirements to be listed on a national securities exchange, which are often more widely traded and liquid markets. Some, but not all, of the factors which may delay or prevent the quotation or listing of our common stock on a more widely-traded and liquid market include the following: our stockholders' equity may be insufficient; the market value of our outstanding securities may be too low; our net income from operations may be too low; our common stock may not be sufficiently widely held; we may not be able to secure market makers for our common stock; and we may fail to meet the rules and requirements mandated by the several exchanges and markets to have our common stock listed. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of the national exchanges or OTC Markets, or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing or quotation, and remains traded on the OTC Pink Market, the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid, and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility, making it difficult or impossible to sell shares of our common stock.

We do not intend to pay dividends in the foreseeable future.

We do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We do not plan on making any cash distributions in the manner of a dividend or otherwise. Our Board of Directors presently intends to follow a policy of retaining earnings, if any.

## Investors may experience dilution of their ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common or preferred stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common or preferred stock.

In the future, we may issue our authorized but previously unissued equity securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our present stockholders. We are authorized to issue an aggregate of 500,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of 'blank check' preferred stock. We may issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for our common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes. The future issuance of any such additional shares of our common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. We will need to raise additional capital in the near future to meet our working capital needs, and there can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with these capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise or conversion prices) below the price an investor paid for stock.

27

## Being a public company is expensive and administratively burdensome.

As a company whose common stock is registered under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), we are fully subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws, rules and regulations related thereto, including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Complying with these laws and regulations requires the time and attention of our Board of Directors and management and increases our expenses.

Among other things, we are required to:

maintain and evaluate a system of internal controls over financial reporting in compliance with the requirements of Section 404

- of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the related rules and regulations of the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;
- maintain policies relating to disclosure controls and procedures;
- prepare and distribute periodic reports in compliance with our obligations under federal securities laws;
- institute a more comprehensive compliance function, including corporate governance; and
- involve, to a greater degree, our outside legal counsel and accountants in the above activities.

The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to stockholders are expensive and much greater than that of a privately-held company, and compliance with these rules and regulations may require us to hire additional financial reporting, internal controls and other finance personnel, and will involve a material increase in regulatory, legal and accounting expenses and the attention of management. There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable regulations in a timely manner, if at all. In addition, being a public company makes it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. In the future, we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain this coverage.

Our common stock is subject to the 'penny stock' rules of the SEC and the trading market in the securities is limited, which makes transactions in the stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in the stock.

Rule 15g-9 under the Exchange Act establishes the definition of a 'penny stock,' for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased.

In order to approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks.

The broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and (b) confirms that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the 'penny stock' rules. This may make it more difficult for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our common stock.

Disclosure also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions payable to both the broker or dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks.

28

## Offers or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.

If our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, including upon the expiration of any lockup periods or the statutory holding period under Rule 144, or issued upon the conversion of preferred stock, it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an 'overhang' and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang, whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring, also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.

## An investment in our securities is speculative and there can be no assurance of any return on any such investment.

An investment in our securities is speculative and there is no assurance that investors will obtain any return on their investment. Investors will be subject to substantial risks involved in an investment in our Company, including the risk of losing their entire investment.

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees.

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada will be the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty; any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Nevada Revised Statutes, our Articles of Incorporation or our bylaws. This choice of forum provision does not preclude or contract the scope of exclusive federal or concurrent jurisdiction for any actions brought under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. These exclusive-forum provisions may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees.

If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our Articles of Incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not applicable.

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Our headquarters are located in Los Angeles, California, where Pineapple Ventures, Inc. leases office space on our behalf of approximately 2,300 sq ft pursuant to a new two-year lease effective July 29, 2020, at a monthly lease amount of approximately $9,000. The above property was leased by Pineapple Inc. since May 2016 up to June 2020. We have been at this location for six years.

29

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

In the normal course of business, the Company is subject to various claims and litigation. While the outcome of any litigation is inherently unpredictable, the Company believes that it has valid defenses with respect to the legal matters pending against it and that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a materially adverse impact on its financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The following is a list of current litigation:

Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 , filed July 13, 2018. This matter arises from a certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016. Claimants sought forfeiture of certain IP rights, more specifically, Registered Mark 'THC' standard character mark (U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 1954405 registered on February 6, 1996) and Domain Name www.thc.com, together with proceeds Respondents have received from any royalty or licensing payments relating to the IP rights from the date of Forfeiture, as well as costs for reasonable attorneys' fees. Arbitration was conducted on July 17-19, 2019. The arbitrator issued a final award for transfer of the IP rights and the exercise of a put option in or about December 23, 2019, in favor of Claimants. Claimants/Plaintiffs then filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award and Respondents/Defendants filed a Petition to Vacate Arbitration Award in the matter entitled, Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. v. Salem, et al., bearing Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number SC129690. Both Petitions were heard on October 8, 2020, and Claimants/Plaintiffs' Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award was granted. The Company filed a Notice of Appeal on the same date, which is currently pending briefing schedule. On April 8, 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company dismissed the appeal. The Company represented that it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that it has not assigned any such claim, title, rights and/or interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The Company settled the arbitration award for $100,000. The Company reported the settlement in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares of the Company's common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Based on the settlement agreement, the Company derecognized the $1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the $1,000,000 stock subscription receivable as of December 31, 2020.

Pineapple Express v. Ramsey Salem. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1220063897 , filed October 30, 2019. This matter arises from claims of breach of contract, more specifically the confidentiality provisions of certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016, entered into between the parties and arising from the disclosure of the interim arbitration award in the matter entitled and above-referenced as: Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 , filed July 13, 2018, by Respondent. The matter is presently pending before JAMS and set for arbitration to be conducted on March 22, 2021, but the matter was continued as the parties executed a settlement agreement resolving all claims on a global basis. On April 8, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company withdrew the second arbitration.

Hawkeye v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number Case Number: BC708868, filed June 6, 2018. Plaintiff claims damages against Defendant in excess of $900,000 arising from a series of successive amended and revised revenue sharing agreements pertaining to rental income from certain leasehold for premises more commonly known as 65421 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, CA 92240 which management asserts was not the fault of the Company. Nor are Defendants contracting parties to the lease agreement or original revenue sharing agreement for which consideration was paid. The Company denied all allegations of claims asserted in the Complaint. Notwithstanding, the parties settled the matter pursuant to a confidential settlement agreement on or about January 3, 2020. However, the matter was reduced to an entry of judgment by the court on or about February 21, 2020, for the amount of $615,000, which monies remain due and outstanding as of December 31, 2021. The Company reported the settlement agreement in settlement payable as of December 31, 2021. As of the date of the filing of this Annual Report, the parties are cooperating to resolve this matter pursuant to the terms of the agreed upon settlement.

Sharper, Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al., Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 18SMCV00149, filed November 1, 2018. Complaint for money with an amount in controversy of $32,500. The matter arises from certain claim for goods and services rendered

beyond the contract claim which is wholly disputed. The court case matter was stayed on February 11, 2019, pending the outcome of Arbitration. The matter was arbitrated, and the arbitrator issued a final award in favor Petitioner in or about September 4, 2019, for the principal amount of $15,375. The award was reduced to an entry of judgment in the total amount of $18,692 on or about February 27, 2020, against the Company without specificity as to the judgment debtor's state of incorporation, and Pineapple Express Consulting Inc., which remains due and outstanding. The accrual in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, is $18,692.

30

Cunningham v. Pineapple Express, Inc, Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BS171779, Judgment, ordered by the Department of Industrial Relations, Labor Commissioner's Office was entered by the Court on December 11, 2017. The amount of judgment entered was $47,674. Enforcement on the Judgment is continuing. Finnegan &amp; Diba was retained to defend enforcement proceedings and substituted out of the matter in March 2019. This claim was accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.

Pineapple Express, Inc. v. Cunningham Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: SC 127731 was filed June 21, 2017. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint which were both dismissed. Defendant Cunningham pursued a cost judgment against Plaintiff and obtained a judgment in the amount of $2,367, which remains outstanding to date and since January 22, 2018. This amount has been accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020. Enforcement proceedings have ensued and said judgment remains outstanding to date. Finnegan &amp; Diba was not the counsel of record when judgment was entered and only addressed enforcement proceedings until such time it was substituted out as counsel of record in or about June 14, 2019.

The Hit Channel v. Pineapple Express, Inc. Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 19STCV09006, filed in or about March 14, 2019. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint arising from certain licensing agreement entered into between the parties for the commercial exploitation of the URL and Domain Name THC.com. The matter has since resolved pursuant to the confidential settlement agreement entered into by and between the parties, the licensing agreement has been deemed terminated, and the matter has been dismissed with prejudice by order of the court on February 14, 2020. The Hit Channel was awarded $40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company's restricted stock as settlement, for which the Company has accrued $40,000 in contingent liabilities and $444,220 in stock subscriptions payable as of December 31, 2019. This settlement shares were issued and the $40,000 was paid in February 2020. The Company also received the website, www.THCExpress.com, from The Hit Channel as part of the Settlement Agreement.

StoryCorp Consulting, dba Wells Compliance Group v. Pineapple Express, Inc . JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210037058 , filed December 18, 2019. This matter arises from dispute over certain services agreement entered into between the parties in or about January 31, 2019. In 2020, the parties agreed on a settlement amount of $15,000. The parties self-represented in arbitration and a final arbitration award was issued in the amount $23,805 on or about October 27, 2020, against the Company. Claimant has since filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award against Pineapple Express, Inc. a California Corporation, with the Los Angeles Superior Court bearing Case Number 20STCP04003, set for hearing on April 12, 2021. On information and belief, Pineapple Express Inc., a California Corporation, is not affiliated with Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, formerly known as Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. Claimant amended its complaint on or about February 3, 2021, to include Defendant Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming corporation. A default judgement was entered on May 11, 2021, against Pineapple Express, Inc., in the amount of $29,280. Defendant, Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, is not a party to the pending matter to date. The parties hope to engage in settlement discussions and resolve this matter. The $29,280 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2021, in the Company's contingent liabilities.

Russ Schamun v. Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc . This is a claim for $7,500 filed by an independent contractor. There was a hearing date on August 23, 2019, and judgment was awarded to Russ Schamun. Management intends for the creditor to be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The $7,500 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, in the Company's contingent liabilities.

SRFF v. Pineapple Express, Inc . This matter resulted in a stipulated judgment whereas former SEC counsel claimed approximately $60,000 in legal work that was not paid for. The Company claimed that the work being charged for (a registration statement to be filed with the SEC) was not completed. Regardless of this fact, the Company signed a payment plan and confession of judgment if the plan was not honored. The result was a judgment entered in favor of SRFF because of the confession. Management intends for the creditor to be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The settlement amount has been accrued for in the Company's accounts payable and accrued liabilities balance at December 31, 2021, and 2020.

Novinger v. Pineapple Express, Inc. Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 20CHLC10510, filed in or about March 11, 2020. This is a limited jurisdiction action arising from a claim for monies lent to the Company without specificity as to the judgment debtor's state of incorporation, for the total of $30,851. On September 23, 2020, a default judgment was entered against Pineapple Express, Inc. The

parties are working to resolve the matter or alternatively vacate and set aside the default judgment entered unbeknownst to Defendant. The settlement amount of $30,851 has been accrued for in notes payable, related party as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable.

## For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 1,570,000 to consultants, key members of management and directors for services for total fair value of $340,000.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 2,630,000 shares of common stock for total cash consideration of $284,000.

31

## PART II

## ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES.

## Market Information and Holders

Our common stock trades on the OTC Pink Market under the ticker symbol 'PNPL'. As of December 31, 2021, there were 376 holders of record of our common stock. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices of our common stock:

| 2020  High  Low  Quarter ended December 31  $  1.00  $  0.11  Quarter ended September 30  $  0.80  $  0.05  Quarter ended June 30  $  0.70  $  0.08  Quarter ended March 31  $  0.70  $  0.05  2021  High  Low  Quarter ended December 31  $  0.75  $  0.00  Quarter ended September 30  $  1.00  $  0.05  Quarter ended June 30  $  0.05  $  0.00  Quarter ended March 31  $  1.00  $  0.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Dividend Policy

We have never declared or paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying, any cash dividends on our common stock. Instead, we currently anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings, if any, to fund the operation and expansion of our business and to use as working capital and for other general corporate purposes. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on then-existing conditions, including our financial condition, operating results, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

Other than as set forth below and as reported in our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form 8-K, there have been no other sales or issuances of unregistered securities since April 1, 2017, that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act').

32

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company cancelled 1,829,631 shares of common stock pursuant to a settlement agreement.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 132,000 shares of common stock to a Company's Director pursuant to director agreement for a total fair value of $33,000.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock against a related party debt for a total fair value of $50,000.

## For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued an aggregate of 10,000,000 shares of its common stock in exchange for a 50% (later reduced to 45.17%) equity method investment in PVI valued at $5,500,000.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 1,080,275 shares of its common stock related to settlements of debt and payables with a value of $560,220.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we issued an aggregate of 490,000 shares of our common stock to our employees, directors, advisors and/or consultants for a total fair value of $80,800.

The Company believes the offers, sales and issuances of the securities described above were exempt from registration under the Securities Act in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Rule 506 promulgated under Regulation D under the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. The recipients of securities in each of these transactions acquired the securities for investment only and not with a view to or for sale in connection with any distribution thereof. Each of the recipients of securities in these transactions was an accredited investor within the meaning of Rule 501 of Regulation D under the Securities Act and had adequate access, through employment, business or other relationships, to information about us. The sales of these securities were made without any general solicitation or advertising.

## Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

See 'Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters - Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans.'

## Choice of Forum Provision in Articles of Incorporation

Our Articles of Incorporation provide that, unless we consent in writing to he selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada is the exclusive forum for the following types of actions or proceedings: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation's stockholders, creditors or other constituents, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the NRS or these Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of these Articles of Incorporation or the Bylaws or (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each case subject to said Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein; provided that, if and only if the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada dismisses any such action for lack of subject matter jurisdiction, such action may be brought in another state or federal court sitting in the State of Nevada.

## 33

Despite the fact that the Articles of Incorporation provide for this exclusive forum provision to be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Section 27 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and Section 22 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'), creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, this provision of the Company's Articles of Incorporation would not apply to claims brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. Our exclusive forum provision will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and our shareholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.

## ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

## Forward-Looking Statements

Our Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section contains not only statements that are historical facts, but also statements that are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements are, by their very nature, uncertain and risky. These risks and uncertainties include international, national, and local general economic and market conditions; our ability to sustain, manage, or forecast growth; our ability to successfully make and integrate acquisitions; new product development and introduction; existing government regulations and changes in, or the failure to comply with, government regulations; adverse publicity; competition; the loss of significant customers or suppliers; fluctuations and difficulty in forecasting operating results; change in business strategy or development plans; business disruptions; the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; the ability to protect technology; the risk of foreign currency exchange rate; and other risks that might be detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC.

Although the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect the good faith judgment of our management, such statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by them. Consequently, and because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, the actual results and outcomes may differ materially from the results and outcomes discussed in the forwardlooking statements. You are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this report as we attempt to advise interested parties of the risks and factors that may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations and prospects. We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or developments or otherwise.

The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes, and other financial information included in this Annual Report.

The independent registered public accounting firms' reports on the Company's financial statements as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, and for the years then ended, includes a 'going concern' explanatory paragraph that describes substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

## Introduction

The Company has spent the last several years recasting the direction of the Company. We intend to take advantage of the opportunities that have been identified in the cannabis sectors. The market opportunities that are opened to a cannabis company include PVI's involvement with cannabis delivery, retail, manufacturing, and cultivation. Our main focus has been to receive 45.17% of all net income (loss) generated by PVI from its business ventures, as well as selling the Top Shelf System to cannabis dispensaries.

## Our Business

The Company was originally formed in the state of Nevada under the name Global Resources, Ltd. on August 3, 1983. It changed its name to 'Helixphere Technologies Inc.' on April 12, 1999, and to 'New China Global Inc.' on October 2, 2013. It reincorporated in Wyoming on October 30, 2013, changed its name to 'Globestar Industries' on July 15, 2014. On August 24, 2015, the Company entered into a share exchange agreement with Better Business Consultants, Inc. ('BBC' dba 'MJ Business Consultants'), a corporation formed in California on January 29, 2015, all of BBC's shareholders, and the Company's majority shareholder at that time (the 'BBC Share Exchange'). Pursuant to the BBC Share Exchange, BBC became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Upon consummation of the BBC Share Exchange, the Company ceased its prior business of providing educational services and continued the business of BBC as

its sole line of business. BBC has three wholly owned subsidiaries, Pineapple Express One LLC, a California limited liability company, Pineapple Express Two LLC, a California limited liability company, and Pineapple Properties Investments, LLC, a Washington limited liability company. Better Business Consultants, Inc. has since been sold by the Company. On September 3, 2015, the Company changed its name to 'Pineapple Express, Inc.' from 'Globestar Industries.'

ln addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe Display System ('SDS') for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally (where permitted by law), on July 20th, 2016, by Sky Island, Inc. (the 'SDS Patent') via a Patent Assignment Agreement (the 'Patent Assignment Agreement'). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015, by Sky Island, Inc. and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that the Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for $30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail storefronts and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipated beginning sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the second quarter of 2022.

In 2019 the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement, as amended (the 'PVI Agreement'), with Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI') and PVI's stockholders. In connection with the PVI Agreement, the Company acquired a total of 50,000 shares of PVI's outstanding capital stock, equaling 50% of the outstanding shares of PVI. The Company's ownership interest in PVI was reduced to approximately 45% in January 2020. As a result of the investment in PVI, the Company entered the cannabis cultivation, production, and distribution sector throughout California. PVI has several leased properties that are currently being developed to provide these cannabisrelated services.

During 2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, LLC ('Nordhoff'), a related party, in which Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15% owned entities by PVI; however, the contemplated project never matriculated and the planned contribution of Nordhoff to PVI was nullified. In June and July of 2020 PVI sold its 15% investments in three entities, including the cannabis licenses associated with them for $2.87 million to support its operations and assigned its three 15% owned entities' subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale. PVI received 15% of the proceeds of the sale of the entities and their cannabis licenses.

Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger ('Merger Agreement'), dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming corporation ('Pineapple Express'), and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation ('Pineapple') and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pineapple Express, effective as of April 15, 2020 (the 'Effective Date'), Pineapple Express merged with and into Pineapple, with Pineapple being the surviving entity (the 'Reincorporation Merger'). The Reincorporation Merger was consummated to complete Pineapple Express' reincorporation from the State of Wyoming to the State of Nevada. The Merger Agreement, the Reincorporation Merger, the Name Change (as defined below) and the Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of Pineapple were duly approved by the written consent of shareholders of Pineapple Express owning at least a majority of the outstanding shares of Pineapple Express' common stock. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, the Company's corporate name changed from 'Pineapple Express, Inc.' to 'Pineapple, Inc.'

The Company is based in Los Angeles, California. Through the Company's operating subsidiary Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. ('PEC'), as well as its PVI portfolio asset, the Company provides capital to its canna-business clientele, leases properties to those cannabusinesses, takes equity positions and manages those operations, and provides consulting and technology to develop, enhance, or expand existing and newly formed infrastructures. Pineapple aims to become the leading portfolio management company in the U.S. cannabis sector. The Company's executive team blends enterprise-level corporate expertise with a combined three decades of experience operating in the tightly regulated cannabis industry. Pineapple's strategic asset integration has provided it with the infrastructure to support its subsidiaries with cost-effective access to all segments of the vertical: from cultivation and processing, to distribution, retail and delivery. With its headquarters in Los Angeles, CA, Pineapple's portfolio company, PVI, is rapidly increasing its footprint throughout the state and looking to scale into underdeveloped markets. While PVI is generating revenues from the above-mentioned means, PEC is currently still in development and is currently not generating revenues. The Company receives monthly dividends equal to approximately 45% of PVI's income that provide regular operating cash flows.

In October 2020, PNPXPRESS, Inc. (an entity managed by PVI) secured three cannabis licenses, including consumer delivery and statewide distribution, from the City of Los Angeles Department of Cannabis Regulation ('LADCR') for a retail storefront location at the intersection of Hollywood &amp; Vine (1704 N. Vine Street). The lease was signed in October 2020. This 3,460 square foot dispensary will be called Pineapple Express and is scheduled to open by February of 2022, pending inspections from the LADCR. PVI has initially received 30% equity and has received a management fee of 10% of sales of this entity. On October 29, 2021, the Company entered into a stock

purchase agreement with an unrelated investor for the sale of 20% equity of PNPXPRESS, Inc. for a total consideration of $1,500,000. As of December 31, 2021, the Company will receive 10% of equity and will receive a management fee of 10% of sales of this entity.

## Impact of COVID-19

In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of a novel coronavirus (COVID-19) as a pandemic, which continues to spread throughout the United States. As a result, significant volatility has occurred in both the United States and International markets. While the disruption is currently expected to be temporary, there is uncertainty around the duration. To date, the Company has experienced declining revenues, difficulty staffing interpreters, difficulty meeting debt covenants, maintaining consistent service quality with reduced revenue, and a loss of customers. Management expects this matter to continue to impact our business, results of operations, and financial position, but the ultimate financial impact of the pandemic on the Company's business, results of operations, financial position, liquidity, or capital resources cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.

## Year Ended December 31, 2021, as compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020

| Year Ended December 31,  Favorable  2021  2020  (Unfavorable)  %  Revenue  $  -  $  -  -  -  Cost of revenue  -  -  -  -  Gross profit  -  -  -  -  Operating expenses  976,386  668,418  (307,968)  (46.1)%  Loss from operations  (976,386)  (668,418)  (307,968)  (46.1)%  Other expense  (128,433)  (480,410)  351,977  73.3%  Net loss  $  (1,104,819)  $  (1,148,828)  $  44,009  3.8%  36   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Revenue

Revenue from operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, was $0. The Company has not yet generated any income.

## Operating expenses - General and Administrative

General and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, were $969,993, an increase of $308,436, or 46.6%, from $661,557 during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. The most significant changes include an increase of $251,000 in consulting fees mainly related to shares of the Company's common stock issued as consulting fees, an increase in accounting fees by approximately $176,000, offset by a decrease in legal and professional fees of approximately $124,000, a decrease in rent expense by approximately $42,000.

## Depreciation

Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, was $6,393 and $6,861, respectively. The decrease comes from an asset which became fully depreciated in 2021.

## Other Income/Expense

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has total other expense of $128,433, consisting of $200,318 in loss from the Company's equity method investment, offset by a $77,360 gain on debt settlement/extinguishment.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company has total other expense of $480,410, consisting of $53,821 in interest expense, $388,099 in loss from the Company's equity method investment, $25,000 gain from debt settlement, and $63,490 of liquidated damages on litigations settlement.

## Net Loss

As a result of the foregoing, the Company recorded a net loss of $1,104,819 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as compared to a net loss of $1,148,828 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

As of December 31, 2021, the Company had a working capital deficit of $3,065,044, and $0 in cash. As of December 31, 2021, the Company's current liabilities mainly included $715,546 in accounts payable and accrued liabilities, $615,000 in settlement payable, $6,771 in accrued interest payable, $886,918 in related party notes payable, $19,838 in other notes payable, $169,000 in advances on agreements and $105,523 in contingent liabilities. The Company has funded its operations since inception primarily through the issuance of its equity securities in private placements to third parties and/or promissory notes to related parties for cash. The cash was used primarily for operating activities, including cost of consultants, management services and professional fees. Management expects that cash from operating activities will not provide sufficient cash to fund normal operations, support debt service, or undertake certain investments the Company anticipates prosecuting for its business proposition both in the near and intermediate terms. The Company will continue to rely on financing provided under notes from related and third- party sources, as well as sale of shares of its common stock in private placements, and sale of equity interest from existing dispensaries to fund its expected cash requirements.

We intend to continue raising additional capital through related party loans and future sale of equity interest. There can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable to us, if at all, or will be sufficient to enable us to fully complete our development activities or sustain operations. If we are unable to raise sufficient additional funds, we will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead and operations, or scale back our current business plan until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations. There can be no assurance that such a plan will be successful.

Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in such consolidated financial statements, we had an accumulated stockholders' deficit of $15,672,308, and had a net loss of $1,104,819 and utilized net cash of $53,125 in operating activities as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firms in their audit reports to our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern was raised due to our net losses and negative cash flows from operations since inception and our expectation that these conditions may continue for the foreseeable future. In addition, we will require additional financing to fund future operations. Our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a going concern.

37

Based on our management's estimates and expectation to continue to receive short-term debt funding from a related party on as needed basis, we believe that current funds on hand as of the date of issuance and proceeds of such loans will be sufficient for us to continue operations beyond twelve months from the filing of this Form 10-K. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on our ability to execute our business strategy and in our ability to raise additional funds. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities for cash to operate our business; however, we can give no assurance that any future financing will be available or, if at all, and if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to us. Even if we can obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on our operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders, in the case of equity and/or convertible debt financing.

## Cash Flows Used In Operating Activities

Operating Activities

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we used $53,125 of cash in operating activities, primarily as a result of our net loss of $1,104,819, $77,360 in gain from debt extinguishment, offset by $340,000 in stock-based compensation, depreciation expense of $6,393, and a loss from the Company's equity method investment of $200,318.

Operating assets and liabilities increased by $582,343 primarily due to an increase in due to affiliates of $439,391, and an increase in accounts payable of $120,977, an increase in contingent liabilities of $5,475 and an increase in accounts payable related party of $16,500.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we used $543,624 of cash in operating activities, primarily as a result of our net loss of $1,148,828, offset by amortization of right-of-use asset of $40,775, $66,303 in stock-based compensation, depreciation expense of $6,861, and a loss from the Company's equity method investment of $388,099.

Operating assets and liabilities increased by $138,457 primarily due to an increase in accrued interest payable of $53,117, an increase in due to affiliates of $51,508, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $25,888.

## Investing Activities

During the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, we had no cash flows from investing activities.

## Financing Activities

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, we received $53,125 in cash from financing activities, primarily from the proceeds of related party notes payable of $58,075, and issuance of common stock for cash of $284,000, offset by $288,950 of repayments of notes payable to related parties.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, we received $551,824 in cash from financing activities, primarily from the proceeds of related party notes payable. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company repaid $8,200 of related party notes payable.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company did not have any transactions, obligations or relationships that could be considered off-balance sheet arrangements.

38

## Critical Accounting Policies

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability and useful lives of long-lived assets, assessment of legal accruals, the fair value of our stock, stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

## Stock-based Compensation

The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on weighted average assumptions. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock. The Company has elected to use the simplified method described in the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14C to estimate the expected term of employee stock options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The value of restricted stock awards is determined using the fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award. As of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, there were no outstanding warrants or options.

Investments - Equity Method

The Company accounts for equity method investments at cost, adjusted for the Company's share of the investee's earnings or losses, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2021, the Company believes the carrying value of its equity method investments were recoverable in all material respects.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

We are a smaller reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required under this item.

39

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

| As of and for the Years Ended December 31, 2021, and 2020  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB 5041)  F-1  Consolidated Balance Sheets  F-2  Consolidated Statements of Operations  F-3  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  F-4  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  F-5  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  F-7  40   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Board of Directors and Shareholders of Pineapple, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Pineapple, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, and the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'financial statements'). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Pineapple, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## Explanatory Paragraph - Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the entity will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the entity has suffered recurring losses from operations and net operating cash outflows during the year ended December 31, 2021, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the entity's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the entity's consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB') and are required to be independent with respect to Pineapple, Inc. in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Pineapple, Inc. is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the entity's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Completeness of litigation and claims accruals

As disclosed in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is involved in various legal proceedings. The Company assesses the need to make a provision or to disclose a contingent liability on a case-by-case basis considering the underlying facts of each litigation. The eventual outcome of the litigations is uncertain and estimation at the balance sheet date involves extensive judgement of management including input from legal counsel due to the complexity of each litigation.

Adverse outcomes could significantly impact the Company's reported operations and balance sheet position. Considering the judgement involved in determining the need to make a provision or disclose litigation, the matter is considered a Critical Audit Matter.

Our audit procedures included, among others, obtaining a list of litigation Company's management and legal counsel, identifying material litigations from the aforementioned list and performing inquiries with the said counsel, obtaining and reading the underlying documents to assess the assumptions used by management in arriving at the conclusions; circulating, obtaining, and reading legal confirmations from the Company's external legal counsels in respect of material litigations and considered that in our assessment; and verifying the disclosures related to provisions and contingent liabilities in the financial statements to assess consistency with underlying documents.

## Valuation of Equity Investment

As reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements, at December 31, 2021, the Company's equity investment balance is $9,288,298. As discussed in Note 2, the Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable.

Auditing management's impairment tests of the equity investment was complex and highly judgmental due to the significant measurement uncertainty in determining the fair values of the investment. In particular, the fair value estimate of the investment was sensitive to changes in significant assumptions such as revenue growth rates, operating margins, estimated spend on capital expenditures and valuation of assets. These assumptions are affected by expected future market or economic conditions, including the impact of COVID-19.

To test the fair values of the equity investment, our audit procedures included assessing methodologies and testing the significant assumptions and underlying data used by the Company. This included forecasted revenue including the launch of new retail locations, industry performance and the regulatory environment. We also assessed the significant assumptions used in the Company's estimation of the value of the licenses including the review of comparable licenses that have sold and are pending sale on the market. We assessed the

historical accuracy of management's estimates by comparing past projections to actual performance and assessed sensitivity analyses of significant assumptions to evaluate the changes in the fair value of the equity investment resulting from changes in the assumptions.

## /s/ BF Borgers CPA PC

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021. Lakewood, CO May 6, 2022

## F-1

## Pineapple, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets As of December 31,

| 2021  2020  Assets  Current Assets:  Cash  $  -  $  -  Total Current Assets  -  -  Property and equipment (net of depreciation)  8,524  14,917  Other Assets:  Equity method investment  9,288,298  9,488,616  Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party  100,000  -  Total Other Assets  9,388,298  9,488,616  Total Assets  $  9,396,822  $  9,503,533  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity  Current Liabilities:  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  $  715,546  $  869,911  Accounts payable - Related party  16,500  -  Settlement payable related party  615,000  615,000  Accrued interest payable related party  -  45,637  Accrued interest payable other  6,771  6,771  Due to affiliates  529,948  90,556  Notes payable, related party  886,918  857,175  Notes payable  19,838  19,838  Advances on agreements  169,000  169,000  Contingent liabilities  105,523  100,048  Total Current Liabilities  3,065,044  2,773,936  Total Liabilities  3,065,044  2,773,936  Commitments and contingencies (note 13)  Stockholders' Equity:  Preferred stock, $0.0000001 par value, 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and  outstanding  -  -  Series A Convertible Preferred stock, $0.0000001 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, no  shares issued and outstanding  -  -  Common stock, $0.0000001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 91,163,569 and  88,461,200 shares issued and outstanding, respectively  9  8  Additional paid-in-capital  22,004,077  21,297,078  Accumulated deficit  (15,672,308)  (14,567,489)  Total Stockholders' Equity  6,331,778  6,729,597   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

$

9,396,822

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## F-2

## Pineapple, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31,

| 2021  2020  Revenue  $  -  $  -  Operating Expenses  General and administrative  969,993  661,557  Depreciation  6,393  6,861  Total Operating Expenses  976,386  668,418  Operating loss  (976,386)  (668,418)  Other (Income) Expense  Interest expense  -  53,821  Gain on settlement of debt  (77,360)  (25,000)  Other expense  5,475  63,490  Loss from equity method investment  200,318  388,099  Total Other Expense  128,433  480,410  Loss from operations before taxes  (1,104,819)  (1,148,828)  Provision for income taxes  -  -  Net Loss  $  (1,104,819)  $  (1,148,828)  Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted  $  (0.01)  $  (0.02)  Weighted Average Common Shares - Basic and Diluted  89,138,014  64,731,914   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## F-3

## Pineapple, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2021, and 2020.

| Common Stock  Additional  Paid-in-  Accumulated  Total  Stockholders'  Shares  Amount  Capital  Deficit  Equity  Balance as of January 1, 2020  76,890,925  $  7  $14,139,607  $(13,418,661)  $  720,953  Common stock issued for service  490,000  -  80,800  -  80,800  Issuance of common shares for equity method  investment  10,000,000  1  5,499,999  -  5,500,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

$

9,503,533

| Common stock issued for settlement of debt  and payables  1,080,275  -  1,546,223  -  1,546,223  Settlement of debt with related party  -  -  30,449  -  30,449  Net loss  -  -  -  (1,148,828)  (1,148,828)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  88,461,200  $  8  $21,297,078  $(14,567,489)  $  6,729,597  Balance as of January 1, 2021  88,461,200  $  8  $21,297,078  $(14,567,489)  $  6,729,597  Common stock issued for service  1,570,000  -  340,000  -  340,000  Common stock issued for cash  2,630,000  1  283,999  -  284,000  Cancellation of common stock pursuant to  arbitration agreement  (1,829,631)  -  -  -  -  Common stock issued against earned  compensation  132,000  -  33,000  -  33,000  Common stock issued against related party debt  200,000  -  50,000  -  50,000  Net loss  -  -  -  (1,104,819)  (1,104,819)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  91,163,569  $  9  $22,004,077  $(15,672,308)  $  6,331,778   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## F-4

## Pineapple, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31,

| 2021  2020  Cash Flows from Operating Activities  Net loss  $  (1,104,819)  $  (1,148,828)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  Depreciation  6,393  6,861  Gain on debt settlement/extinguishment  (77,360)  -  Non-cash settlement penalties  -  5,851  Amortization right-of-use asset  -  40,775  Repayment of lease obligations  -  (41,142)  Loss from equity method investment  200,318  388,099  Stock-based compensation  340,000  66,303  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Security deposit  -  7,944  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  120,977  25,888  Accounts payable related party  16,500  -  Contingent liabilities  5,475  -  Accrued interest payable  -  53,117  Due to affiliates  439,391  51,508  Net cash used in operating activities  (53,125)  (543,624)  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  Proceeds from related party notes payable  58,075  551,824  Repayments of related party notes payable  (288,950)  (8,200)  Common stock issued for cash  284,000  -  Net cash provided by financing activities  53,125  543,624  Net change in cash  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Cash, beginning of year  -  Cash, end of year  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## F-5

## Pineapple, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) For the Years Ended December 31,

| 2021  2020  Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information  Cash paid for interest:  $  -  $  -  Cash paid for taxes:  $  -  $  -  Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities  Deposit on stock purchase agreement  $  100,000  $  -  Common stock issued to settle payable  $  33,000  $  -  Related party debt issued for relief of accounts payable  $  218,734  $  -  Common stock issued as settlement of related party debt  $  50,000  $  -  Gain on settlement of related party note payable  $  -  $  2,944  Settlement of debt for intangible property  $  -  1,000,000  Equity method investment exchanged for forgiveness of related party note payable  $  -  $  1,062,000  Common stock issued from prior year settlements  $  -  $  440,200  Common stock issued for prior year equity method investment  $  -  $  5,500,000  Common stock issued for debt extinguishment  $  -  $  120,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements.

## F-6

## Pineapple, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2021, and 2020

## Note 1 - Description of Business

Pineapple, Inc. ('Pineapple' or the 'Company') was originally formed in the State of Nevada under the name Global Resources, Ltd. on August 3, 1983. On April 12, 1999, the Company changed its name to 'Helixphere Technologies Inc.'. On September 19, 2013, the Company changed its name to 'New China Global Inc.'

On October 30, 2013, the Company filed its Articles of Continuance with the Secretary of State of Wyoming pursuant to which the Company was re-domiciled from the State of Nevada to the State of Wyoming. On July 15, 2014, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change its name from 'New China Global Inc.' to 'Globestar Industries'.

On September 3, 2015, the Company changed its name to 'Pineapple Express, Inc.' from 'Globestar Industries.' The Company's name has no relation to the 2008 motion picture produced by Columbia Pictures.

On March 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the 'PVI Agreement') with Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI') and the stockholders of PVI (the 'PVI Stockholders') in which the Company acquired a total of 50% of the outstanding shares of

PVI, in consideration for 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may, from time to time, be converted by the holder into shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.0000001 (the 'Common Stock'), in an amount equal to ten (10) shares of Common Stock for each one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The PVI Stockholders elected to immediately convert the 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 20,000,000 shares of common stock upon issuance. As a result of the investment in PVI, the Company now has a portfolio asset with which it has entered the cannabis retail. cultivation, production and distribution sector throughout California. PVI has several leased properties that have been developed to provide these cannabis-related services. PVI, through its affiliates, have obtained 19 cannabis-related licenses throughout Southern California, 12 of which are still partially owned and managed by PVI. PVI has executed management contracts for 10% revenue sharing with four entities in which it was a founding member and holds equity: (CGI (20%), UHC (20%), PXI (10%), and PXI II (49%)) of which only one (UHC) generated revenue during 2021.

On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling $1,062,000 of existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company transferred to Mr. Ortega 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI. Subsequently, on February 11, 2021, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega was reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to correct the original agreement and properly reflect the value of the Company's stock at the time of the initial agreement. As of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the Company has 45.17% and 50% ownership interest, respectively, in PVI.

During 2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, LLC ('Nordhoff'), a related party, in which Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15% owned entities by PVI; however, the contemplated project never matriculated and the planned contribution of Nordhoff to PVI was nullified. In June and July of 2020 PVI sold its 15% investments in three entities, including the cannabis licenses associated with them, for $2.87 million to support its operations and assigned its three 15% owned entities' subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale. PVI received 15% of the proceeds of the sale of the entities and their cannabis licenses.

ln addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe Display System ('SDS') for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally (where permitted by law), on July 20th, 2016, by Sky Island, Inc. (the 'SDS Patent') via a Patent Assignment Agreement (the 'Patent Assignment Agreement'). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015, by Sky Island, Inc. and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that the Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for $30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail storefronts and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipates beginning sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the third quarter of 2022.

## Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles accepted in the United States of America ('GAAP') and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC').

F-7

## Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pineapple, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, THC Industries, LLC and Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc., doing business as Pineapple Express and Pineapple Park LLC. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

The Company's consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities were as follows:

| Name of Consolidated Subsidiary or Entity  State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization  Date of Incorporation or Formation (Date of Acquisition, if Applicable)  Attributable Interest   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| THC Industries, LLC  California  12/23/2015 (formed)  2/16/2016 (acquired by us)  100%  Pineapple Park, LLC  California  6/27/2017  100%  Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc.  California  3/16/2017  100%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Use of Estimates in Financial Reporting

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability and useful lives of long-lived assets, assessment of legal accruals, the fair value of the Company's stock, stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company follows the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. The FASB ASC establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy are described below:

- Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.
- Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.
- Level 3 Pricing inputs that are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data.

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.

The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, notes payable and other current liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

## Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in operating accounts at a major financial institution. Cash balances may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits.

## F-8

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consist of furniture and fixtures and office equipment. They are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of the property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.

The estimated useful lives of the classes of property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment

5 years

Furniture and fixtures

7 years

## Investments - Equity Method

The Company accounts for its equity-method investment at cost, adjusted for the Company's share of the investee's earnings or losses, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company believes the carrying value of its equity-method investments were recoverable in all material respects.

## Loss Per Share

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the Company. In computing diluted loss per share, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding options and warrants are exercised, and the proceeds are used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. Options and warrants may have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock method only when the average market price of the common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options and warrants.

At December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no options or warrants outstanding and no shares issuable for conversion of notes payable.

F-9

## Stock-based Compensation

The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on weighted average assumptions. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock. The Company has elected to use the simplified method described in the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14C to estimate the expected term of employee stock options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The value of restricted stock awards is determined using the fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.

## Reclassification

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year's data to confirm to the current year's presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on the Company's financial condition, operating results, cash flows or stockholders' deficit.

F-10

## Recently Adopted and Pending Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06 ('ASU 2020-06') 'Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity.' ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. In addition, ASU 2020-06 amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity's own equity to reduce form-over-substancebased accounting conclusions. The Amendments also affects the diluted EPS calculation for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares and for convertible instruments. The amendments are effective for public entities excluding smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods. The Company is still evaluating the effect the adoption will have on its financial statements.

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures.

## Note 3 - Going Concern

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in its consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $15,672,308 at December 31, 2021, and incurred a net loss of $1,104,819 and utilized net cash of $53,125 in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has not generated any revenues and has incurred net losses since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company's consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

The Company's primary source of operating funds since inception has been cash proceeds from the private placements of its common stock and from issuance of its short-term on demand loans, primarily from related parties. The Company intends to raise additional capital in the short-term through addition of demand loans and, once the up listing to a higher exchange is completed, through private placements to sell shares of common stock to investors. There can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all, or will be sufficient to enable the Company to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company raised $23,075 in cash proceeds from the issuance of related party notes and $284,000 in common stock issued for cash

If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, scale back its current business plan or curtail operations or sale equity interest from its interest in dispensaries until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations.

The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to execute its strategy and on its ability to raise additional funds. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities for cash to operate the Company's business. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to it. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for its stockholders, in the case of equity and/or convertible debt financing.

F-11

## Note 4 - Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

On August 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the 'CGI Agreement') with Capital Growth Investments, Inc., a California corporation ('CGI') and PVI, the Company's equity-method investee. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company can acquire up to 50,000 shares of CGI (the 'Shares'), which comprise 50% of its issued and outstanding capital stock, from PVI for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000. As of December 31, 2021, $100,000 was paid by the Company, which was recorded and presented in Deposit - Stock purchase agreement related party in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. No shares of CGI will be issued until the full purchase price is paid.

Within 60 days of execution of the Agreement, the remaining balance of $900,000 was to be paid in exchange for the full 50% of the Shares of the Company. Contemporaneously with the execution of the CGI Agreement, the parties entered into a Shareholder Agreement with CGI (the 'Shareholder Agreement'). Pursuant to the Shareholder Agreement, the Company was granted certain anti-dilution rights, as well certain monthly distributions of net cash from the operations of CGI, along with other voting and indemnification rights. Pursuant to an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 26, 2021, the Company, CGI and PVI have acknowledged that the Purchase Price, which shall be paid by Buyer in installments of $100,000 as a refundable deposit, has been received. The remaining balance of $900,000 was to be paid in exchange for the entirety of the Shares on or before March 31, 2022. Should the Buyer be unable to fund the balance of $900,000 by March 31, 2022, the transaction shall be cancelled and the refundable deposit of $100,000 shall be returned to the Company. In March of 2022, the parties mutually agreed to extend the closing date to June 30, 2022 (see note 15).

## Note 5 - Property and Equipment

Property and equipment as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 is summarized as follows:

| 2021  2020  Furniture and fixtures  $  43,152  $  43,152  Office equipment  12,321  12,231  Subtotal  55,473  55,473  Less accumulated depreciation  (46,949)  (40,556)  Property and equipment, net  $  8,524  $  14,917   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense for fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, was $6,393 and $6,861, respectively.

## Note 6 - Equity Method Investment

In March 2019, the Company acquired a 50% investment in Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI') in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of the Company's Series A preferred stock, which, upon issuance, were immediately converted into 20,000,000 shares of common stock. The investment has been accounted for under the equity method. In addition to having a direct investment, the Company also noted that common ownership with PVI represents an additional variable interest. However, it was determined that the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact PVI's economic performance, and therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of PVI and PVI has not been consolidated under the variable interest model.

The investment was recorded at cost, which was determined to be $11,000,000 based on a value of $0.55 per share of common stock. A total of 10,000,000 shares of common stock were issued as of December 31, 2019. The remaining 10,000,000 shares were issued in January 2020, and were recorded as a stock subscription payable at December 31, 2019. See Note 11.

On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling $1,062,000 of existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company sold to Mr. Ortega 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI. Subsequently, on February 11, 2020, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega were reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to properly reflect the value of the Company's stock at the time of the initial agreement. As of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the Company had 45.17% ownership interest in PVI.

The following represents summarized financial information of PVI for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| Income statement  2021  2020  Revenue  $  147,059  $  620,337  Cost of goods sold  1,325  2,565  Gross margin  145,734  617,772  Operating expenses  (2,889,211)  (1,471,271)  Gain on dispensary equity sale  2,300,000  -  Net loss  $  (443,477)  (853,499)  Balance sheet  Current assets  $  1,550,602  $  77,402  Non-current assets  $  673,880  $  163,109  Current liabilities  $  2,011,445  $  1,280,251  Non-Current liabilities  $  1,690,783  $  1,280,251   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of $200,318 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which has reduced the carrying value of the investment as of December 31, 2021, to $9,288,298 based on its 45.17% equity investment.

## F-12

The Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of $388,099 for the year ended December 31, 2020, which has reduced the carrying value of the investment as of December 31, 2020, to $9,488,616, based on its 45.17% equity investment.

## Note 7 - Leases.

The Company leases office space under an operating lease expiring in June 2020. The lease includes an option to extend for an additional 3-year term with rent adjusted to market rates. The Company does not anticipate exercising the option to extend. Upon adopting ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019, the Company recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability for $122,985 related to the remaining term of this operating lease. As an implicit rate was not available for the lease, the Company has used its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate to measure the operating lease liability. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of the lease. The Company has determined its incremental borrowing rate as of the inception of this lease to be twenty five percent (25%) per year.

In accordance with ASC 842, Leases, the depreciation for the Company's operating lease right-of-use assets are recorded in periodic lease expense within the Company's general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The periodic lease expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 was $0 and $42,489, respectively.

Total lease payments for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 were $0 and $42,856, respectively. Total amortization of the operating lease right-of-use asset for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, was $0 and $40,775, respectively.

Upon expiration of the lease term in June 2020, the Company's security deposit was applied towards the final rent payment and the lease reverted to a month-to-month basis until PVI entered into a new lease for the property in August 2020. The Company has agreed to pay a rent allocation to PVI of $1,000 per month. The Company has incurred $12,000 of rent expense during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.

## Note 8 - Notes Payable, Related Party

Notes payable, related party, are comprised of the following as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020:

| Noteholder  Due  Interest Rate  Secured  2021  2020  Sky Island, Inc.  Demand  0%  No  $  -  $  8,015  Eric Kennedy  Demand  0%  No  30,000  30,000  Rob Novinger  Demand  0%  No  30,851  30,851  Neu-Ventures, Inc.  Demand  0%  No  826,067  788,309  Total  $  886,918  $  857,175   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sky Island, Inc. (The owner is the largest shareholder of the Company)

Since January 1, 2020, to December 31, 2021, the Company decreased the Sky Island promissory notes from a beginning balance of $1,757,124 to a closing balance of $0. In January 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to reduce the outstanding loan by $1,062,000, first applied to accrued interest of $312,891, in exchange for ownership in the Company's equity method investment (See Note 5).

On December 17, 2020, the Company entered into an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement with PVI pursuant to which the Company sold all of the Company's trade dress and trade names, logos, Internet addresses and domain names, trademarks and service marks and related registrations and applications, including any intent to use applications, supplemental registrations and any renewals or extensions in exchange for Mr. Jaime Ortega, waiving and cancelling $1,000,000 of the aggregate existing loans extended by Mr. Ortega to the Company. This reduced the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2020, to $8,015.

## F-13

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega to fully extinguished the remaining principal of $8,015 and accrued interest of $45,637, which resulted in the recognition of a $53,652 gain on debt extinguishment.

The promissory note transactions were deemed a related party transaction because Jaime Ortega, Owner, Chief Operating Officer, and Director of Sky Island, Inc., was a founding shareholder of the Company. Mr. Ortega has an aggregate ownership of 48.2% and 49.6% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

## Eric Kennedy (former director)

In May 2019, the Company agreed to a settlement with Eric Kennedy, a Company's director, related to deferred cash compensation that had been accrued for in the Company's accounts payable and accrued liabilities to reduce the amount to $35,000, resulting in a gain on settlement of related party payables of $36,000, which was recorded in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. Therefore, the $35,000 was reclassified to related party notes payable.

The note does not incur interest and was originally to be repaid through an initial $10,000 payment with monthly payments of $5,000 thereafter, but the Company was only able to make one $5,000 payment, reducing the balance to $30,000 as of December 31, 2020. The Company did not make any payment during the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance of the former related party notes payable is $30,000 as of December 31, 2021, and December 30, 2020.

## Rob Novinger

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company increased the balance by $5,851 to reflect the settlement payable owed to Novinger, leaving a balance of $30,851 as of December 31, 2020. There was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance of the related party note payable is $30,851 as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020.

## Neu-Ventures, Inc. (The owner is the largest shareholder of the Company)

Beginning in April 2019, the Company also began receiving advances from Neu-Ventures, Inc., another entity owned by our majority shareholder, Mr. Ortega. These advances are due on demand and do not incur interest.

Advances from Neu-Ventures between January 2021 and December 2021 totaled $23,075, offset by $253,950 cash repayments. NeuVentures also paid $110,437 of corporate expenses on behalf of the Company and paid $108,197 of consulting fees owed to the Company's executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company also issued 200,000 shares of the Company's common stock against a payable owed by Neu-Ventures, Inc. The fair value of the shares issued were applied against the Company's debt towards Neu-Ventures, Inc.

Neu-Ventures also paid $100,000 on behalf of the Company pursuant to the stock purchase agreement entered into on August 7, 2021, to acquire up to 50,000 shares of Capital Growth Investments, Inc. Such payment is reported under Deposit on stock purchase agreement related party in the Company's consolidated Balance sheet as of December 31, 2021.

Advances from Neu-Ventures between January and December 2020 totaled $592,028, offset by common shares issued for debt extinguishment with a value of $120,000 and a $9,000 repayment.

The amount payable to Neu Ventures totaled $826,067 and $788,309 as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

F-14

## Accrued interest - Sky Island, Inc.

Accrued interest payable on the Sky Island promissory notes as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 was $0 and $45,637, respectively. Interest expense of $0 and $53,821 was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There was no interest paid on notes payable related party, during the years ended December 31, 2021, or 2020.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega to fully extinguished the remaining accrued interest of $45,637.

## Note 9 - Notes Payable

The Company, through our former subsidiary, BBC, entered into a $25,000 small business 'line of credit' with Kabbage, Inc. on July 2, 2016, for purposes of funding periodic capital needs. The original agreement provided for a term of six months but has been extended month-to-month thereafter by mutual verbal consent of the parties. The total balance of that credit line as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, is $27,313, which includes principal of $19,838 and $7,475 of accrued interest from prior years. The balance has been guaranteed by Matt Feinstein, the Company's Executive Financial Officer and a director. The Company is currently in talks with a collection company to settle this debt and has stopped accruing interest. There has been no activity during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## Note 10 - Settlement Payable

At December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, advances on agreements balance consist of the following:

| Noteholder  2021  2020  Investor Three  $  615,000  $  615,000  Settlement Payable  $  615,000  $  615,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investor Three

In December 2015, the Company entered into a Revenue Share Agreement for $750,000 that was recorded as 'advances on agreements' liability. As per the Revenue Share Agreement, in the event that, for the period from February 5, 2016, through the three-year anniversary of the Effective Date, if Lessee fails to pay the Company any Fixed Minimum Rent, the Company shall be required to pay to Investor Three, in full, Investor Three's share each month until the Company has paid Investor Three an aggregate of $825,000 under this Revenue Share Agreement. Thereafter, the Company shall have no further obligations or responsibilities to Investor Three in connection with this Revenue Share Agreement. Due to the above clause, by reason of defaults on the DHS Project (as defined elsewhere herein), an additional penalty of $75,000 was incurred which was recorded as deferred finance cost. During the fiscal year 2018, the Company reduced $200,000 of principal by transferring land to Investor Three. During the fiscal year 2018, the Company also recorded a loss on settlement of debt in the consolidated statements of operations increasing the balance by $97,800 to $615,000 at December 31, 2018. There has been no activity during the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020. This balance remains outstanding at December 31, 2021, and 2020. This balance is classified as settlement payable - related party on the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021.

## Note 11 - Advances on Agreements

At December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, advances on agreements balance consist of the following:

| Noteholder  2021  2020  Investor One and Investor Two  $  169,000  $  169,000  Advances on Agreements  $  169,000  $  169,000  F-15   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investor One

On February 16, 2016, the Company entered into a Binding Letter of Intent ('BLOI1') with Investor One that the Company deemed a financing agreement for the purchase of a certain property (APN: 665-030-044), and upon completion of development of the acquired property, subsequently a revenue share agreement that was for the following considerations: (i) payment by Investor One of $125,000, representing one-half the purchase price of the property, (ii) the Company would have repurchased the financed property for $187,500 within one year of the purchase, and (iii) 'rent' payments of $3,750/month would have occurred during the referenced one year period.

During March 2016, the $125,000 in financing from Investor One, in addition to $40,768 from the Company, was deposited in Escrow No.: 7101604737-ST with Chicago Title Company against the purchase of another property (APN: 665-030-043) that was the subject of additional funding by a Investor Two, described below.

## Investor Two

On March 18, 2016, the Company entered into a Binding Letter of Intent ('BLOI2'), subsequently amended by a Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions ('Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement') dated March 21, 2016, both of which the Company deemed a financing agreement for the purchase of a certain property (APN: 665-030-043) for the following considerations: (i) payment by Investor Two of $350,000 of the $515,000 purchase price of the property, (ii) the Company would assign the existing escrow amount of $165,768 to Investor Two, who would close the transaction and take title to the property, (iii) the Company would pay any taxes, fees and other out-of-pocket expenses associated with the transaction, and (iv) the Company would have repurchased the property from Investor Two for a price of $500,000 within ninety days of the closing of the transaction.

On March 22, 2016, Investor Two deposited $350,000 into the escrow account referenced above and the transaction closed with title conveyed to Investor Two as required under BLOI2. Subsequent to closing, the Company defaulted under the BLOI2 and the Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement as it did not reacquire the property in the required ninety days after closing. As a consequence, the Company forfeited the $165,768 deposited into the Chicago Title Escrow account referenced above.

## Investment Accounting Treatments for Investors One and Two

The escrow agreement closed and Investor Two took title to property. There is no provision in BLOI2, or in the Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement, that would impose any continuing liability on the Company other than the loss of the Company's escrow deposit.

As no terms and conditions were established to characterize the $125,000 investment as a Note Payable, the Company has recorded a continuing liability to Investor One in connection with BLOI1 having been recorded as a deferred liability. Contrary to the case with Investor Two, the Company acknowledged the additional $62,500 liability provided for under BLOI1 and $187,500 was recorded as 'advances on agreements' as a short-term deferred liability on the Company's books and records. Additionally, BLOI1 provided for a 'rent' payment of $3,750 for a period of twelve months after execution of BLOI1.

In February 2019, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Investor One which required the issuance of 20,000 shares of the Company's common stock and established an additional principal sum for repayment of $200,000. The settlement includes installment payments of $10,000 per month beginning on February 15, 2019, until the balance is repaid and ends the accrual of interest. Prior to entering into the settlement agreement, the Company had recorded interest expense of $4,125, bringing the balance from $187,500 at December 31, 2018 to $191,625. The settlement agreement resulted in additional expense of $8,375. The Company made three $10,000 payments during the year ended December 31, 2019, reduced the value by another $1,000 in connection with the 20,000 shares being valued at $11,000 instead of the $10,000 value initially discussed. There was no activity during the years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020.

F-16

## Note 12 - Stockholders' Equity

The Company is authorized to issue 525,000,000 shares of capital stock, $0.0000001 par value per share, of which 5,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred stock, 20,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock and 500,000,000 shares are designated as common stock. As of December 31, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, and 91,163,569 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 2,630,000 shares of common stock for total cash consideration of $284,000 pursuant to private offering.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,570,000 shares for services to the Company's directors, consultants and to the Company's officers for total fair value of $340,000.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 132,000 shares to a Company's director with fair value of $33,000 as settlement of past payable.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company cancelled 1,829,631 shares of common stock pursuant to a settlement agreement (Note 13).

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock as settlement of a related party (Neu Venture, Inc.) debt. The fair value of these shares totaled $50,000, which was offset against the note payable due to Neu-Venture, Inc. (Note 7).

During the years ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 1,490,000 shares, respectively, for services valued at $80,800.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 555,275 shares of its common stock in exchange for debt settlements valued at $440,220.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 525,000 shares of common stock in exchange for $120,000 of related party note payable extinguishment.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock for total amount of $5,500,000 in exchange for a 50% equity investment in PVI, with another 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued during the year ended December 31, 2020.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has not granted any stock options nor warrants.

## Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies

From time to time, the Company is party to certain legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course and are incidental to our business. Future events or circumstances, currently unknown to management, will determine whether the resolution of pending or threatened litigation or claims will ultimately have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations in any future reporting periods. The following is a list of current litigation:

## Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al.

JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 was filed July 13, 2018. This matter arises from a certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016. Claimants sought forfeiture of certain IP rights, more specifically, Registered Mark 'THC' standard character mark (U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 1954405 registered on February 6, 1996) and Domain Name www.thc.com, together with proceeds Respondents have received from any royalty or licensing payments relating to the IP rights from the date of Forfeiture, as well as costs for reasonable attorneys' fees. Arbitration was conducted on July 17-19, 2019. The arbitrator issued an award on December 23, 2019, upholding the Claimants' exercise of the put option as discussed in Note 10 and the transfer of the IP rights. Claimants/Plaintiffs then filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award and Respondents/Defendants filed a Petition to Vacate Arbitration Award in the matter entitled, Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. v. Salem, et al., bearing Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number SC129690. Both Petitions were heard on October 8, 2020, and Claimants/Plaintiffs' Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award was granted. Pineapple Express, Inc. filed a Notice of Appeal on the same date, which is currently pending briefing schedule. Based on the pending award, the Company has accrued the $1,000,000 put option exercise amount and recorded a $1,000,000 stock subscription receivable. On April 8, 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company dismissed the appeal. The Company represented that it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that it has not assigned any such claim, title, rights and/or interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The Company settled the arbitration award for $100,000. The Company reported such settlement amount in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares of the Company's common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Based on the settlement agreement, the Company derecognized the $1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the $1,000,000 stock subscription receivable as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.This litigation is fully settled as of December 31, 2021.

## Pineapple Express v. Ramsey Salem

JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1220063897 was filed December 4, 2019. This matter arises from claims of breach of contract, more specifically the confidentiality provisions of certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016, entered into between the parties and arising from the disclosure of the interim arbitration award in the matter entitled and abovereferenced as: Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565, filed July 13, 2018, by Respondent. On April 8, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company withdrew the second arbitration.

## Hawkeye v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BC708868 was filed June 6, 2018. Plaintiff claimed damages against Defendant in the excess of $900,000 arising from a series of successive amended and revised revenue sharing agreements pertaining to rental income from certain leasehold for premises more commonly known as 65421 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, CA 92240 which was not realized through no fault of Defendants, nor are Defendants contracting parties to the lease agreement or original revenue sharing agreement for which consideration was paid. Defendants deny all allegations of claims asserted in the Complaint. Notwithstanding, the parties settled the matter pursuant to a confidential settlement agreement in or about January 3, 2020. However, the matter was reduced to an entry of judgment by the court in or about February 21, 2020, for the amount of $615,000, which monies remain due and outstanding and are

accrued for in the Company's settlement payable as of December 31, 2021, and 2020. The parties are cooperating to resolve this matter pursuant to the terms of the agreed upon settlement.

## Sharper, Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 18SMCV00149 was filed November 1, 2018. Complaint for money with an amount in controversy of $32,500. The matter arises from certain claim for goods and services rendered beyond the contract claim which is wholly disputed. The court case matter was stayed on February 11, 2019, pending the outcome of Arbitration. Finnegan &amp; Diba was substituted out of the matter on June 14, 2019. The matter was arbitrated through other counsel and the arbitrator issued a final award in favor of Petitioner in or about September 4, 2019, for the principal amount of $15,375, which has been accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2018. The award was transitioned to an entry of judgment in the total amount of $18,692 on or about February 27, 2020, against Pineapple Express, Inc. without specificity as to the judgment debtor's state of incorporation, and Pineapple Express Consulting Inc., which remains due and outstanding. The accrual in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, is $18,692.

## Cunningham v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BS171779: Judgment, ordered by the Department of Industrial Relations, Labor Commissioner's Office was entered by the Court on December 11, 2017. The amount of judgment entered was $47,674. Enforcement on the Judgment is continuing. Finnegan &amp; Diba was retained to defend enforcement proceedings and substituted out of the matter in March 2019. This claim was accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.

## F-18

## Pineapple Express, Inc. v. Cunningham

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: SC 127731 was filed June 21, 2017. This action arose from certain complaint and crosscomplaint which were both dismissed. Defendant Cunningham pursued a cost judgment against Plaintiff and obtained a judgment in the amount of $2,367, which remains outstanding to date and since January 22, 2018. This amount has been accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2019. Enforcement proceedings have ensued and said judgment remains outstanding to date. Finnegan &amp; Diba was not the counsel of record when judgment was entered and only addressed enforcement proceedings until such time it was substituted out as counsel of record in or about June 14, 2019.

## The Hit Channel, Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 19STCV09006 was filed in or about March 14, 2019. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint arising from certain licensing agreement entered into between the parties for the commercial exploitation of the URL and Domain Name THC.com. The matter has since resolved pursuant to the confidential settlement agreement entered into by and between the parties. The licensing agreement has been deemed terminated, and the matter has been dismissed with prejudice by order of the court on February 14, 2020. The Hit Channel was awarded $40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company's restricted stock as settlement, for which the Company has accrued $40,000 in contingent liabilities and $444,220 in stock subscriptions payable as of December 31, 2019. This settlement shares were issued and the $40,000 was paid in February 2020. The Company also received the website, www.THCExpress.com, from The Hit Channel as part of the Settlement Agreement.

## StoryCorp Consulting, dba Wells Compliance Group v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210037058 , filed December 18, 2019. This matter arises from dispute over certain services agreement entered into between the parties in or about January 31, 2019. In 2020, the parties agreed on a settlement amount of $15,000. The parties self-represented in arbitration and a final arbitration award was issued in the amount $23,805 on or about October 27, 2020, against the Company. Claimant has since filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award against Pineapple Express, Inc. a California Corporation, with the Los Angeles Superior Court bearing Case Number 20STCP04003, set for hearing on April 12, 2021. On information and belief, Pineapple Express Inc., a California Corporation, is not affiliated with Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, formerly known as Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. Claimant amended its complaint on or about February 3, 2021, to include Defendant Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming corporation. A default judgement was entered on May 11, 2021, against Pineapple Express, Inc., in the amount of $29,280. Defendant, Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, is not a party to the pending matter to date. The parties hope to engage in settlement discussions and resolve this matter. The $29,280 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2021, in the Company's contingent liabilities.

## Russ Schamun v. Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc.

This is a small claims matter for $7,500 filed by an independent contractor. There was a hearing date on August 23, 2019, and judgment was awarded to Russ Schamun. This creditor will be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The $7,500 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, in the Company's contingent liabilities.

## SRFF v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

This matter resulted in a stipulated judgment whereas former SEC counsel claimed approximately $60,000 in legal work that was not paid for. The Company claimed that the work being charged for (a registration statement to be filed with the SEC) was not completed. Regardless of this fact, the Company signed a payment plan and confession of judgment if the plan was not honored. The result was a judgment entered in favor of SRFF because of the confession. This creditor will be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The settlement amount has been accrued for in the Company's accounts payable and accrued liabilities balance at December 31, 2021, and 2020.

## Novinger v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 20CHLC10510 was filed in or about March 11, 2020. This is a limited jurisdiction action arising from a claim for monies lent to Pineapple Express, Inc. without specificity as to the judgment debtor's state of incorporation, for the total of $30,851, which is accrued for in the Company's related party notes payable. On September 23, 2020, a default judgment was entered against the Company. The parties are working to resolve the matter or alternatively vacate and set aside the default judgment entered unbeknownst to the Company.

## F-19

## Note 14 - Income Taxes

The Company utilizes FASB ASC 740, 'Income Taxes,' which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is 'more likely-than-not' that a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

The Company generated a deferred tax asset through net operating loss carryforwards. Based upon Management's evaluation, a valuation allowance of 100% has been established due to the uncertainty of the Company's realization of the benefit derived from net operating loss carryforwards.

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are related to an asset or liability are classified as current or noncurrent depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.

No federal tax provision has been provided for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, due to the losses incurred during such periods. Reconciled below is the difference between the income tax rate computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020.

The reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate is as follows as of December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| 2021  2020  U.S. federal statutory tax rate  21.0%  21.0%  State tax, net of federal tax benefit  7.0%  6.6%  Related party interest  -%  (1.0)%  Change in valuation allowance  (28.0)%  (26.6)%  Other  0.0%  0.0%  Total deferred tax assets  0.0%  0.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The principal components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows as of December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| 2021  2020  Net operating loss carryforwards  $  1,868,691  $  1,654,858  Stock-based compensation  800,552  705,408  Accruals and reserves  1,494,837  1,494,837  Other  17,867  17,867  Fixed assets  2,185  2,185  Total deferred tax assets  4,184,132  3,875,155  Valuation allowance  (4,184,132)  (3,875,155)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company has available net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately $6,973,000 and $6,209,000, respectively, and for state income tax purposes of approximately $5,789,000 and $5,025,000, respectively, which expire beginning in 2036.

For U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of NOL utilization limitations under Internal Revenue Code ('IRC'), Section 382, change of ownership rules. If the Company has had a change in ownership, the NOL's would be limited as to the amount that could be utilized each year, based on the Code.

For U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of IRC Section 280E, Expenditures in connection with the illegal sale of drugs. No deduction or credit shall be allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business if such trade or business (or the activities which comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act) which are prohibited by Federal law or the law of any State in which such trade or business is conducted. If IRC 280E applies to the Company, such expenditures would not be deductible or limited.

## Note 15 - Subsequent Events

Subsequent to December 31, 2021, the Company paid PVI, its equity method investee, an additional $95,000 towards the purchase of 50% of Capital Growth Investments, Inc. As of the Report date, the amount on deposit towards the purchase price is $195,000. The remaining balance of $805,000 was initially to be paid in exchange for all of the 50% Shares on or before March 31, 2022. In March 2022, all parties agreed to extend the closing to June 30, 2022. Should the Company be unable to fund the balance of $805,000 by June 30, 2022, the transaction will be cancelled, and all deposits would be returned to the Company.

F-20

## SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The Company is a smaller reporting Company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and is not required to provide the information required under this item.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

As of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company carried out an evaluation (the 'Evaluation'), under the supervision and with the participation of its management, including its Chief Executive Officer ('CEO') and Chief Financial Officer ('CFO'), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, the Company's CEO and CFO have concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2021, because of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting described in Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting below.

## Management's Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The Company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company's Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

41

The Company's management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2021, the end of its fiscal year. The Company's management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management's assessment included evaluation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and its overall control environment.

Based on management's assessment, management has concluded that the Company's internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2021, due to material weaknesses that existed in its internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

The following material weaknesses in the Company's internal control over financial reporting continued to exist at December 31, 2021:

- The Company does not have written documentation of its internal control policies and procedures. Written documentation of key internal controls over financial reporting is a requirement of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the 'Sarbanes-Oxley Act');
- Due to the size of the Company and available resources, there are limited personnel to assist with the accounting and financial reporting functions, which results in lack of sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions, which is a basic internal control. Due to the Company's limited size and early-stage nature of operations, segregation of all conflicting duties may not always be possible and may not be economically feasible; however, to the extent possible, the initiation of transactions, the custody of assets and the recording of transactions should be performed by separate individuals;
- The Company does not have an independent audit committee of its board of directors; and
- Insufficient monitoring and review controls over the financial reporting closing process, including the lack of individuals with current knowledge of U.S. GAAP.

To remediate the Company's internal control weaknesses, management intends to implement the following measures, as corporate finances allow:

- Adding sufficient accounting personnel or outside consultants to properly segregate duties and to affect a timely, accurate preparation of the financial statements once the Company is able to secure additional financing and operations reach specific level to allow
- Developing and maintaining adequate written accounting policies and procedures once additional accounting personnel or outside consultants are engaged.

The additional hiring is contingent upon our efforts to obtain additional funding and the results of our operations. Management expects to secure funds in the coming fiscal year but provides no assurances that it will be able to do so.

Notwithstanding the material weaknesses discussed above, our management, including the Company's CEO and CFO, concluded that the consolidated financial statements in this Annual Report fairly present, in all material respects, the Company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented, in conformity with GAAP.

This Annual Report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption provided to issuers that are not 'large-accelerated filers' nor 'accelerated filers' under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.

42

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There was no change to our internal controls or in other factors that could affect these controls during the year ended December 31, 2021, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. However, our management is currently seeking to improve our controls and procedures in an effort to remediate the deficiencies described above.

## CEO and CFO Certifications

Exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report are the Certifications of our CEO and CFO, respectively. These certifications are required in accordance with Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (the 'Section 302 Certifications'). This Item 9A. of this Annual Report, which you are currently reading, is the information concerning the Evaluation referred to above and in the Section 302 Certifications, and this information should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented.

## Item 9B. Other Information

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

None.

## PART III.

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Directors and Executive Officers

Set forth below are the names, ages, present principal occupations or employment, and material occupations, positions, offices or employments for the past two years of current directors and executive officers as of December 31, 2021.

| Name  Age  Position  Shawn Credle  41  Chief Executive Officer  Joshua Eisenberg  35  Chief Operating Officer  Matthew Feinstein  53  Chief Financial Officer, Director  Dr. Randy Hurwitz  71  Director  Katherine Hill*  35  Director   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*On May 31, 2021, Katherine Hill was appointed as a Director of the Company.

Our directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board of Directors and hold office until removed by the Board of Directors. All officers and directors listed above will remain in office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders, and until their successors have been duly elected and qualified. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. Our Board of Directors appoints officers annually and each executive officer serves at the discretion of our Board of Directors.

Shawn Credle . Mr. Credle is an experienced manager and leader with strong attention to detail and extensive education. The Company believes Mr. Credle will effectively disseminate the Company's culture and purpose for its business model, as well as bring forth and articulate the vision of the Company to all employees, clients, and the public. Since December 2018, Mr. Credle has been serving as the Chief Executive Officer of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('Pineapple Ventures'). From November 2012 until January 2019, Mr. Credle served as the owner/operator and a Master Certified Personal Trainer/Nutrition Specialist of Semper Fi Fitness, LLC. From July 2006 until July 2007, Mr. Credle worked as a Senior Compliance/Quality Analyst for a global surgical medical device company, as well from April 2008 until December 2012 overseeing regulatory activities for all the company's entities in the southeast regional states. In 1999, Mr. Credle enlisted in the United States Marine Corps. While in the Marines, Mr. Credle was involved in the combat readiness of 'Operation Enduring Freedom,' a military operation aimed to respond to the events of September 11, 2001. Mr. Credle was later honorably discharged from the United States Marine Corps in 2003. Since 2014, Mr. Credle has also taught in college university courses on leadership and entrepreneurship at the senior bachelor level. Mr. Credle received a B.A. in Business Management and a B.A. in Management Information Systems (M.I.S.) from Albertus Magnus College, both with honors. He received his Master's Degree (MBA) in Business Management (with honors), a Master's Degree in Business Intelligence/Analytics, and a Master's Degree in Information Privacy/Cybersecurity from Barry University and Nova Southeastern University, respectively.

Joshua Eisenberg . Mr. Eisenberg is a skilled executive with extensive financial and operational experience in building, managing and scaling cannabis-related businesses. Mr. Eisenberg has displayed superior leadership and management ability and his managerial and marketing experience with the dynamic delivery cannabis model gives him unparalleled experience as well as insight into the needs of all demographic segments. In September 2018, Mr. Eisenberg joined Pineapple Ventures as its Chief Operating Officer to continue his vision of building a successful cannabis retail service. From July 2011 until September 2018, Mr. Eisenberg served as the founder and President of On Deck Cooperative, Inc., a medical marijuana retail distributor in the city of Santa Clarita, California. From August 2011 until December 2018, Mr. Eisenberg founded and built a successful cannabis retail business located in the California area. From November 2010 until May 2011, Mr. Eisenberg worked as a social media strategist for IntoMobile, a leading phone news website. Mr. Eisenberg holds a B.S. from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.

Matthew Feinstein. Mr. Feinstein, a founder of the Company, has been actively involved in the cannabis industry since 2013. At the Company, Mr. Feinstein serves as a Director and our interim Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Feinstein is further responsible for human resources, sourcing investment opportunities, and joint venture relationships. He also assists in developing the Company's objectives. Prior to forming Better Business Consultants, Inc., which was acquired by the Company on August 24, 2015, Mr. Feinstein was associated with Medbox, Inc. in various capacities as a consultant and employee from June 2013 to December 2014, and served as Vice President from February 2014 through December 2014 and on the board of directors from April 2014 through October 2014. At Medbox, Inc., Mr. Feinstein responsibilities included developing client relationships and assisting these clients through the licensing process for cannabusinesses. Upon securing a license, he would manage the process of site selection, site construction, and training for each client. During his tenure, Feinstein assisted clients to secure canna-business licenses in Nevada, California, Washington, Oregon, and Illinois. He resigned as Vice President of Medbox, Inc. in December 2014.

Mr. Feinstein has over 30 years of experience in consumer product manufacturing, distribution, and national retail operations. He served as the Director of Technical Service Operations at Minute Key, Inc. from 2011 to 2012, Operational Supervisor at Redbox, Inc. from 2009 to 2011, President and founder of Starlight Home Entertainment, a leading independent DVD sales, marketing, and distribution company from 2001 to 2008, Managing Director of Consumer Services at Urbanfetch from 1999 to 2000, and Vice President of the Franchisor Military Rent-All and Marbles Entertainment retail chains from 1991 to 1999. Mr. Feinstein and Starlight Home Entertainment separately filed bankruptcy petitions in 2007. The bankruptcies were discharged in 2008. Mr. Feinstein earned his undergraduate degree in Political Science in 1991 from the University of California, Berkeley. Mr. Feinstein's background and many years of experience in retail operations and rolling out retail chains provides the Company with experience and knowledge in this area. When combining these duties with his added and more recent experience in the cannabis industry and his ability to source investors for the Company, Mr. Feinstein lends himself to be an ideal candidate to head the Company and serve on the Board of Directors as its Chairman at the critical and early stages of the Company's lifecycle.

## 44

Dr. Randy Hurwitz . Dr. Hurwitz is a clinical psychologist and an attorney admitted to the bar in the State of Arizona, where he has remained in good standing for over 20 years. From 1995 until 2005, Dr. Hurwitz was a partner with Anderson, Hurwitz &amp; Harward, P.C. where he successfully represented hundreds of clients as well as bringing two cases to the Arizona Supreme Court, changing the law in Arizona to protect consumer rights. In 2007, Dr. Hurwitz formed his own law firm, expanding to several locations including

Gilbert, Mesa, and Scottsdale, Arizona. Dr. Hurwitz has operated his own law firm at several locations, supervising staff and managing the practice. In addition to his legal work, Dr. Hurwitz has been a small business owner, working in real estate acquisition, development, marketing and management. Dr. Hurwitz advised and worked with major builders, including UDC Homes, Watt Homes, &amp; Richmond American Homes, holding positions as Sales Manager and subsequently, Vice President of Sales &amp; Marketing. Currently, he is a Member of BARR &amp; Associates, LLC, a real estate investment firm, where he has been in charge of acquisitions, home building and remodeling since 2004. Ever since medical marijuana was placed on the ballot in Arizona, Dr. Hurwitz has followed the emerging marijuana sector, both in Arizona and nationally, participating mostly as an investor and consultant. Dr. Hurwitz believes we are currently in the infancy stage in this sector, with immense growth potential ahead. Our Board of Directors has concluded that Dr. Hurwitz is well-qualified to serve on our Board of Directors and has the requisite qualifications, skills and perspectives based on, among other factors, his professional background and experience in various business endeavors and his ability to relate to people in diverse settings.

Katherine Hill. In 2018, Katherine Hill was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives and quickly became a member of Congressional Leadership, widely considered one of the Democratic Party's brightest rising stars. She was the first woman to represent her district, the first openly LGBTQ woman to be elected to Congress from California, and one of the youngest women ever to serve in the House of Representatives from January 2019 - November 2019. Hill resigned from her position less than a year after entering Congress, following the most prominent act of cyber exploitation against a politician through the widespread release of nonconsensual intimate images. In the months following her resignation, Hill authored She Will Rise: Becoming a Warrior in the Battle for True Equality, which lays out a path to achieving equality for women in this country. She founded HER Time, a political action committee, to focus on that path by advocating for legislation that uniquely and directly impacts women, and supporting women in politics who are shaping their communities, and the country, for the better. Prior to serving in Congress, Hill was a full-time candidate for U.S. Congress from September 2017 - January 2019. Hill worked as Executive Director of PATH (People Assisting The Homeless), the largest homeless services organization in California, from January 2010 to September 2017. Under her leadership, the organization's budget grew ten-fold and helped thousands of homeless individuals, veterans, and families make it off the streets into permanent housing. During her time at PATH, Hill helped champion and pass historic ballot initiatives Measure H and Prop HHH to help alleviate homelessness in Los Angeles County. From January 2020 to the present, Hill is President, and CEO of Her Time Inc. Hill has been an advocate for marijuana legalization since long before her election to office and sponsored a number of critical measures in the House to decriminalize and reform drug policies on a national level.

## Code of Ethics; Financial Expert

Because of the small size and limited resources of the Company, we do not currently have a Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers. We do not have a 'financial expert' on the Board of Directors or an audit committee or nominating committee.

## Potential Conflicts of Interest

Since we do not have an audit or compensation committee comprised of independent directors, the functions that would have been performed by such committees are performed by our directors. Thus, there is a potential conflict of interest in that our directors and officers have the authority to determine issues concerning management compensation and audit issues that may affect management decisions. We are not aware of any other conflicts of interest with any of our executives or directors.

## Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires executive officers and directors of the Company and persons who own more than 10% of a registered class of the Company's equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes in their ownership with the SEC, and forward copies of such filings to the Company. All of our executive officers and directors have complied with the Section 16(a) filing requirements.

## Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

There are no legal proceedings that have occurred within the past ten years concerning our directors, or control persons which involved a criminal conviction, a criminal proceeding, an administrative or civil proceeding limiting one's participation in the securities or banking industries, or a finding of securities or commodities law violations.

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Our named executive officers, consisting of our principal executive officers as of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020 (the 'Named Executive Officers') were:

- Matthew Feinstein, Chief Financial Officer, Chairman, Secretary, and a director.
- Shawn Credle, Chief Executive Officer, and a director.
- Joshua Eisenberg, Chief Operating Officer.

## Summary Compensation Table

The following table sets forth, for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, compensation awarded/accrued or paid to our Named Executive Officers.

| Name and Principal  Position  Fiscal  Year  ended  December  31  Salary  ($)  Bonus  ($)  Stock  Awards  ($)  Option  Awards  ($)  Non-Equity  Incentive Plan  Compensation  ($)  Nonqualified  Deferred  Compensation  Earnings  ($)  All Other  Compensation  ($)  Total  ($)  Matthew Feinstein,  Chief Financial  Officer, Secretary,  Chairman of the  Board and Director  2021  $108,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  $108,000  Matthew Feinstein,  Chief Financial  Officer, Secretary,  Chairman of the  Board and Director  2020  $108,000  -  -  --  -  -  $108,000  Shawn Credle, Chief  Executive Officer and  Director  2021  $  48,000  -  125,000  -  -  -  -  $173,000  Shawn Credle, Chief  Executive Officer and  Director  2020  $  48,000  -  --  -  -  -  $  48,000  Joshua Eisenberg,  Chief Operating  Officer  2021  $  48,000  -  50,000-  -  -  -  -  $  98,000  Joshua Eisenberg,  Chief Operating  Officer  2020  $  48,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  $  48,000  46   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Named Executive Officer and Other Officer Consulting Agreements and Arrangements

## Matthew Feinstein

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, Matthew Feinstein received $27,000 per quarter or $108,000 per year. $3,000 of this quarterly compensation is paid through PVI, the Company's equity-method investee and $3,600 of this quarterly compensation is paid directly to his landlord.

Shawn Credle

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, Shawn Credle receives $48,000 per year as the Company's Chief Executive Officer. He was awarded 500,000 shares of the Company's common stock at signing. He also receives compensation from PVI, the Company's equity-method investee.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 500,000 shares of the Company's common stock as bonus for a total fair value of $125,000.

## Joshua Eisenberg

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, Joshua Eisenberg receives $48,000 per year as Chief Operation Officer. He also receives compensation from PVI, the Company's equity-method investee. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of the Company's common stock as bonus for a total fair value of $50,000.

## Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End

As of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, none of our directors or executive officers has held unexercised options, stock that had not vested, or equity incentive plan awards.

47

## Director Compensation for Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2021

| Name  Fees  Earned  or  Paid in  Cash  ($)  Stock  Awards  ($)  Option  Awards  ($)  Non-equity  Incentive Plan  Compensation  ($)  Nonqualified  Deferred  Compensation  Earnings  ($)  All Other  Compensation  ($)  Total  ($)  Dr. Randy Hurwitz (2)(3)  $18,000  40,500  -  -  -  -  $58,500  Shawn Credle (1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Katie Hill (4)  $  6,000  $  4,000  -  -  -  -  $10,000  Matthew Feinstein (1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Directors do not receive any additional compensation for their services on our Board of Directors.

(2) Dr Randy Hurwitz was issued 192,000 shares of the Company's common stock valued at $40,500.

(3) Pursuant to his director agreement, Dr Randy Hurwitz is entitled to $1,500 per month or $18,000 per year.

(4) During the year ended December 31, 2021, Katie Hill was issued 40,000 shares of the Company's common stock valued at $4,000. The Company also pays Hills $1,000 per month for her service as Director or $12,000 per year

## Director - Randy Hurwitz

The Company incurred $18,000 of director fees during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 192,000 restricted shares of the Company's common stock for services pursuant to director agreement for a total fair value of $40,500.

Randy Hurwitz received $1,500 per month or $4,500 per quarter. The Company paid $3,000 in cash and accrued $15,000 in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company also granted 100,000 shares of the Company's common stock for services with a fair value of $10,824.

## Director - Katie Hill

Since May 31, 2021, the Company incurred $6,000 of director fees. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 40,000 restricted shares of the Company's common stock for services pursuant to director agreement for a total fair value of $4,000.

## Former Director - Eric Kennedy

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company paid $22,500 to Eric Kennedy. On April 2, 2020, Eric Kennedy resigned as a Director of the Company. The Company agreed to settle with Eric Kennedy for 150,000 shares of the Company's common stock to

cover stock issuances with a fair value of $30,000 and cash owed to him up until his resignation. No fees or shares were issued to Eric Kennedy during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

The following table lists, as of May 4, 2022, the number of shares of common stock of our Company that are beneficially owned by (i) each person or entity known to our Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding common stock; (ii) each executive officer and director of our Company; and (iii) all executive officers and directors as a group. Information relating to beneficial ownership of common stock by our principal shareholders and management is based upon information furnished by each person using 'beneficial ownership' concepts under the rules of the SEC. Under these rules, a person is deemed to be a beneficial owner of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security, or investment power, which includes the power to vote or direct the voting of the security. The person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any security of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. Under the SEC rules, more than one person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the same securities, and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which he or she may not have any pecuniary beneficial interest. Except as noted below, each person has sole voting and investment power.

The percentages below are calculated on the basis of 91,163,569 shares of Common Stock of the Company, issued and outstanding as of May 4, 2022, together with such number of shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock which may be converted into Common Stock as of the date hereof or within 60 days thereafter, representing an aggregate of 91,163,569 shares of Common Stock. No shares of Series A convertible preferred stock have been issued as of May 4, 2022. The Company does not have any outstanding options, warrants, or other securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of its Common Stock.

48

| Name of Beneficial Owner  Amount of Common  Stock Beneficially  Owned and Nature  of Beneficial  Ownership  Percentage of Class  5% or Greater Stockholders  Jaime Ortega  43,914,000(1)  48.2%  Anna Mikhaylova  7,273,000  8.0%  Directors and Executive Officers  Shawn Credle  1,000,000  1.1%  Joshua Eisenberg  5,200,000  5.7%  Matthew Feinstein  7,100,000  7.8%  Dr. Randy Hurwitz  992,000  1.1%  Gianmarco Rullo  1,000,000  1.1%  Katherine Hill  40,000  *  All current directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons)  15,332,000  16.8%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Represents beneficial ownership of less than one percent.

(1) 30,790,000 shares of the Company's Common Stock owned by Mr. Ortega are subject to an irrevocable proxy granted by Mr. Ortega to Matthew Feinstein, the Company's Chief Financial Officer, and a director.

## Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

As of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company did not have any equity compensation plans.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE

## Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

| ## Related Party  Relationship  Note  Date  ## Description  Sky Island, Inc.  Common  ownership;  wholly  owned entity  by majority  shareholder  Jaime Ortega  See Note 7  Since 2015 through 2021  Since January 1, 2020, to December 31, 2021, the Company decreased the Sky Island promissory notes from a beginning balance of $1,757,124 to a closing balance of $0. The Company entered into an Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement on September 4, 2019 (the 'APA') followed by a Letter Agreement on March 2, 2020, and closing on April 20, 2020, where the Company sold the domain 'THC.com', the trademarks bearing the 'THC' name, and the URL 'pineappleexpress.com' to Mr. Ortega in exchange for the cancellation of $1,000,000 of Sky Island notes payable.  Subsequently, on December 17, 2020, the parties entered into a Recission Agreement pursuant to which the parties cancelled and rescinded the APA and all ancillary agreements. Accordingly, the intellectual property subject to the APA was returned to the Company and $1,000,000 of debt owed to Sky Island was returned to the books and records of the Company.  In January 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to reduce the outstanding loan by $1,062,000, first applied to accrued interest of $312,891, in exchange for ownership in the Company's equity method investment.  During the year ended December 31, 2021, Jaime Ortega and the Company executed a settlement agreement, which waived the remaining $8,015 principal and the $45,637 accrued interest resulting in a $53,652 gain on debt extinguishment.  Neu-  Ventures,  Inc.  Common  ownership;  wholly  owned entity  by majority  shareholder  Jaime Ortega  See Note 7  2019 through  2021  Beginning in April 2019, the Company also began receiving advances from Neu-Ventures, Inc., another entity owned by our majority shareholder, Mr. Ortega. Advances from Neu-Ventures for the years ended December 31, 2020, totaled $552,028. The Company issued 525,000 common shares for extinguishment with a value of $120,000. The Company made a $9,000 cash payment during the year ended December 31, 2020. Neu Ventures Inc. paid $40,000 litigation settlement on behalf of the Company. These advances are due on demand and do not incur interest.  Advances from Neu-Ventures between January 2021 and December 2021 totaled $23,075, offset by $253,950 cash payments. Neu-Ventures also paid $110,437 of corporate expenses on behalf of the Company during the year ended December 31, 2021, Neu-Ventures also paid $108,197 of earned consulting fees owed to executive officers. The Company also issued 200,000 shares of common stock against the balance owed to Neu-Ventures as these shares were issued as settlement of Neu Ventures separate debt. Neu-Ventures also paid $100,000 on behalf of the Company pursuant to the stock purchase agreement entered into on August 7, 2021, to acquire up to 50,000 shares of Capital Growth Investments, Inc. Such payment is reported under Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party in the Company's consolidated Balance sheets as of December 31, 2021.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The balance of these Advances totaled $826,067 and $788,308 as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

Pineapple Ventures Inc.

Common ownership

See Note 2 and Note 5

Since 2018 through 2021

Consulting Income for Marketing, Website Development, etc. ($0 in 2021; $0 in 2020).

In November 2018, the Company entered into a Consulting Services Agreement with Pineapple Ventures Inc. ('PVI') to create a marketing campaign, create influencer relationships, and consult on website and app design and 3rd party vendors in exchange for $5,000 per month beginning in November 2018. The agreement term is for 1 year, reverting to a month-to-month term thereafter. A total of $10,000 was billed and recognized as revenue in 2018 for November and December consulting income. PEC billed and recognized an additional $15,000 for consulting in January - March 2019. In April 2019, the Company entered into an agreement to invest in PVI, at which point the Consulting Services Agreement with PEC was terminated. No further revenue from this agreement was recognized in 2021 and in 2020.

50

## Licensing Agreement

In September 2018, the Company entered into a Website Licensing Agreement with PVI to license its www.pineappleexpress.com website, including the proprietary Uniform Resource Locator, to be developed and actively utilized in distributing content, selling products/services, and hosting social media predominantly in the cannabis space. The agreement includes an initial licensing fee upon execution of the agreement of $150,000 payable from the licensee to the licensor. The agreement also includes a revenue share equal to the greater of 10% of net income or 5% of gross revenue. Monthly statements shall be tendered to licensor along with checks for revenue share at 5% of gross revenue. An additional payment shall be tendered to Licensor within 45 days of year end should 10% of net income calculations result in an additional amount owed. The agreement also includes annual minimum revenue share payments of $300,000 during the first 2 years, $350,000 during the third year, and $400,000 for all years thereafter. The $150,000 initial payment under the agreement was not paid in cash; however, the Company credited the amount against the principal of the outstanding Sky Island note. As of December 31, 2018, the Company has not appropriately fulfilled its obligation to provide access and administration for the website. Thus, the Company has determined it is appropriate to still not recognize this revenue during 2018. No other payments have been received since the initial licensee fee. In April 2019, as a result of the Company's investment in PVI, the licensing contract entered into with PVI in 2018 was terminated and the $150,000 customer deposit received in 2018 from PVI was returned.

## 50% (subsequently reduced to 45.17%) Equity Investment Loss ($200,318 in 2021; $388,099 in 2020)

In April 2019, the Company acquired a 50% investment in PVI in exchange for 20,000,000 shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2020, Jaime Ortega purchased back approximately 4.53% of the PVI shares for $1,000,000 in settlement of his existing note, bringing down the Company's investment in PVI at 45.47% The investment has been accounted for under the equity method. In addition to having a direct investment, the Company also noted that common ownership with PVI represents an additional variable interest.

Matthew Feinstein

Eric Kennedy

Owner; Interim Chief Financial Officer, Director

Owner; Former Director

See Note 7

See Note 7 and Note 11

Since 2016 through 2021

2020 through 2021

However, it was determined that the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact PVI's economic performance, and therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of PVI and PVI has not been consolidated under the variable interest model.

The investment was recorded at cost, which was determined to be $11,000,000 based on a value of $0.55 per share. A total of 10,000,000 shares of common stock were issued as of December 31, 2019. The remaining 10,000,000 shares were issued in January 2020, and were recorded as a stock subscription payable at December 31, 2019.

Based on its 45.17% equity investment, the Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of $200,318 and $388,099 for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively, which has reduced the carrying value of the investment as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, to $9,288,298 and $9,488,616, respectively.

## Advances for Monthly Rent Payments ($0 in 2021; $22,470 in 2020).

In August 2019, PVI began advancing funds for payment of the Company's monthly office rent. Total advances through December 31, 2019, were $42,856. Total advances through December 31, 2020, were $22,470. There were no advances through December 31, 2021, since PVI signed a new lease in June of 2020.

Cash compensation for services provided ($108,000 in 2021; $108,000 in 2020)

In September 2016, the Company received a $50,000 loan from Matthew Feinstein, Director. This loan and any subsequent advances are due on demand and do not incur interest. The Company received additional advances from Mr. Feinstein during the years ended December 31, 2020, and 2018 of $696 and $3,416, respectively. During 2019, Mr. Feinstein agreed to reduce the note balance by $14,871, which has been recorded as a gain on settlement of related party debt in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. During 2020, Mr. Feinstein agreed to cancel the remaining balance of $2,944, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital. During 2020, Mr. Feinstein agreed to cancel the remaining balance of accounts payable of $27,505, which was recorded in additional paid-in capital. There was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2021.

Matthew Feinstein is also a guarantor of the Company's note payable with Kabbage, Inc.

Cash compensation for services provided ($0 in 2021; $22,500 in 2020).

Stock-based compensation for services provided ($0 in 2021; $30,000 in 2020).

In May 2019, the Company agreed to a settlement with Eric Kennedy, a Company's Director, related to deferred cash compensation that had been accrued for in the Company's accounts payable and accrued liabilities to reduce the amount to $35,000, resulting in a gain on

settlement of related party payables of $36,000, which has been recorded in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. Therefore, the $35,000 was reclassified to related party notes payable. The note does not incur interest and was originally to be repaid through an initial $10,000 payment with monthly payments of $5,000 thereafter, but the Company was only able to make one $5,000 payment, reducing the balance to $30,000 as of December 31, 2020. No activity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020.

52

| Shawn  Credle  Owner;  Chief  Executive  Officer  See Note 11  2020 and  2021  Cash compensation for services provided ($48,000 in 2021; $48,000 in  2020)  Stock-based compensation for services provided ($125,000 in 2021; $0  in 2020). 500,000 shares of common stock were granted for total fair  value of $125,000 during 2021.  Jamie Ortega  Owner  See Note 11  2020 and  2021  $8,250,000 in Company's shares granted for the equity investment in  PVI during 2019; $2,750,000 of equity issued during 2019; $5,500,000  of equity issued during 2020. No shares issued during 2021.  Joshua  Eisenberg  Owner;  Chief  Operating  Officer  See Note 11  2020 and  2021  Cash compensation for services provided ($48,000 in 2021; $48,000 in  2020).  No equity shares issued during 2020. 200,000 shares of common stock  were granted for total fair value of $50,000 during 2021.  Joy DiPalma  Owner  See Note 9  Since 2016  through 2021  Advanced $187,500 to PP in 2016, entered into a settlement agreement  in February 2019. $169,000 outstanding as of December 31, 2021, and  2020. No activity during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, and  2020.  Hawkeye  Owner  See Note 9  Since 2015  through 2021  Initial advance of $750,000 in 2015, net of revenue share payments and  penalties the balance at December 31, 2017 was $717,200. In 2018,  land was transferred to Hawkeye to reduce the liability by $200,000 and  a settlement amount of $615,000 was agreed upon, resulting in a loss  from debt settlement of $98,700. $615,000 outstanding as of December  31, 2021, and 2020. No activity during the fiscal year ended December  31, 2021, and 2020.  Rob  Novinger  Owner  See Note 7  Since 2016  through 2021  Original loan balance of $30,000, $10,000 repaid in 2017 and $5,000  more loaned in 2019. $30,851 outstanding as of December 31, 2021,  and 2020. The Company increased the outstanding balance by $5,851  to reflect the settlement agreement. No activity during the fiscal year  ended December 31, 2021.  53   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Employment Arrangements

The relationships and related party transactions described herein are in addition to any employment and consulting arrangements with our executive officers and directors, which are described above under 'Executive Compensation - Named Executive Officer and Other Officer Employment Agreements and Arrangements.'

## Indemnification Agreements

Our Bylaws provide that none of our officers or directors shall be personally liable for any obligations of our Company or for any duties or obligations arising out of any acts or conduct of said officer or director performed for or on behalf of our Company, including without limitation, acts of negligence or contributory negligence. In addition, our Bylaws provide that we shall indemnify and hold harmless each person and their heirs and administrators who shall serve at any time hereafter as a director or officer of our Company from and against any and all claims, judgments and liabilities to which such persons shall become subject by reason of their having heretofore or hereafter been a director or officer of our Company, or by reason of any action alleged to have heretofore or hereafter taken or omitted to have been taken by him or her as such director or officer, and that we shall reimburse each such person for all legal and other expenses reasonably incurred by him or her in connection with any such claim, judgment or liability, including our power to defend such persons from all suits or claims as provided for under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law; provided, however, that no such persons shall be indemnified against, or be reimbursed for, any expense incurred in connection with any claim or liability arising out of his (or her) own willful misconduct. In addition, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with our directors and officers and some of our executives may have certain indemnification rights arising under their employment agreements with us. We believe that these bylaw provisions and indemnification agreements are necessary to attract and retain qualified persons as directors and officers.

The limitation of liability and indemnification provisions in our Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duties. They may also reduce the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though an action, if successful, might benefit us and our stockholders. A stockholder's investment may be harmed to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

## Policies and Procedures for Transactions with Related Persons

We intend to adopt a written related-person transactions policy that will set forth our policies and procedures regarding the identification, review, consideration and oversight of 'related-person transactions.' For purposes of this policy only, a 'related-person transaction' shall be a transaction, arrangement or relationship (or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships) in which we and any 'related person' are participants involving an amount that exceeds $120,000.

## Director Independence

We are not subject to listing requirements of any national securities exchange or national securities association and, as a result, we are not at this time required to have our board comprised of a majority of 'independent directors.' The Company does not believe that any of the directors of the Company meet the definition of 'independent' as such term is defined by SEC rules adopted pursuant to the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and as determined in accordance with Rule 4200(a)(15) of the Marketplace Rules of the NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc.

54

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES

Our principal independent accountant for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, is BF Borgers, CPA. The amount of fees billed to the Company are set forth below:

| December 31, 2021  December 31, 2020  Audit Fees  $  100,650  $  136,847  Audit Related Fees  $  -  $  -  Tax Fees  $  -  $  -  All Other Fees  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2021, the Company did not have a formal documented pre-approval policy for the fees of the principal independent accountant. The Company does not have an audit committee.

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.

## Exhibit Number Description

| 2.1  Agreement of Merger dated February 12, 2016 by and between the Company, THC Industries, Inc., Matthew Feinstein,  THC Industries, LLC, Ramsey Houston, LKP Global Law, LLP and Ana Montoya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  2.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  2.2  Share Exchange  Agreement,  dated  as  of  March 19,  2019,  among the Company, Pineapple  Ventures,  Inc.  and  the  stockholders of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on  Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018).  2.3  Amendment No. 1 to the Share Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2019  ,  among the Company, Pineapple Ventures,  Inc. and the stockholders of Pineapple Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current  Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 10, 2019).  2.4  Share Exchange Agreement dated August 24, 2015 by and between the Company and Better Business Consultants, Inc.  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with  the SEC on January 23, 2018).  2.5  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 6, 2020, by and between, Pineapple Express, Inc., a Nevada corporation,  and Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Pineapple Express, Inc. (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020).  3.1  Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated September 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  3.2  Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of the Company dated October 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference  to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  3.3  Bylaws of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10,  as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  3.4  Articles  of  Incorporation  of  Pineapple,  Inc.  (Incorporated  by reference  to  Exhibit  A to the  Company's Definitive  Information Statement on Schedule 14C, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2020).  3.5  Bylaws of Pineapple, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit B to the Company's Definitive Information Statement on  Schedule 14C, filed with the SEC on January 9, 2020).  55  3.6  Articles of Merger of Pineapple Express, Inc., filed on April 15, 2020 with the Secretary of State of the State of Wyoming  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20,  2020).  3.7  Articles  of  Merger of  Pineapple,  Inc.,  filed  on April  7,  2020 with  the  Secretary  of  State  of  the  State of Nevada  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20,  2020).  10.1  Revised Revenue Share Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit-1 to the Company's Current Report on Form  8-K, filed with the SEC on May 22, 2018).  10.2  Deed (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May  22, 2018).  10.3  Patent Assignment Agreement dated July 20, 2016 by and between the Company and Sky Island, Inc. (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January  23, 2018).  10.4  Standstill  and  Waiver  Agreement  dated  March 23,  2017 by and  between  the  Company, Matthew Feinstein, THC  Industries, LLC, Ramsey Houston, LKP Global Law, LLP and Ana Montoya (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3  to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - 10.5 Joint Venture Agreement dated April 5, 2017 by and between the Company and Randall Webb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  - 10.6 Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement dated April 6, 2017 by and between the Company and Randall Webb (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  - 10.7 Licensing Agreement dated May 26, 2017 by and between the Company, THC Industries, LLC and The Hit Channel, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  - 10.8† Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2016 by and between the Company and Matthew Feinstein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  - 10.9† Employment Agreement dated March 1, 2016 by and between the Company and Theresa Flynt (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  - 10.10 Services Agreement dated July 19, 2016 between Charles Day of Sharper, Inc. and the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 10, as amended, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2018).  - 10.11 Restated Binding Letter of Intent dated March 29, 2018 by and between Sky Island Inc. and Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018).  56  10.12  License Agreement dated April 3, 2018 by and between the Company and Sky Island Inc. (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 5, 2018).  - 10.13 Irrevocable Proxy dated March 8, 2017 by and between Sky Island, Inc., and Vincent Mehdizadeh, and Jaime Ortega (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Schedule 13D, filed with the SEC on November 26, 2019).  - 10.14 Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2020, among the Company, Pineapple Ventures, Inc., the stockholders of Pineapple Ventures, Inc., and Jaime Ortega (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 17, 2020).  - 10.15 Merchandise Licensing Agreement, dated June 23, 2017, among Pineapple Express, Inc. and Putnam Accessory Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020).  - 10.16 Asset Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated September 2019, among Pineapple Express, Inc. and Neu-Ventures Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020).  - 10.17 Letter Agreement, dated as of March 2, 2020, among Pineapple Express, Inc., Pineapple Ventures, Inc. and Jaime Ortega (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 20, 2020).  - 10.19 Independent Contractor Agreement dates as of May 29, 2020 by and between Pineapple, Inc. and Gianmarco Rullo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 10, 2020).   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| - 10.20 Form of Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Pineapple Ventures, Inc., Capital Growth Investments, Inc. and Pineapple, Inc. dated August 7, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021).  - 10.21 Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 24, 2021, by and among Pineapple, Inc., Capital Growth Investments, Inc. and Pineapple Ventures, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K/A, filed with the SEC on November 26, 2021).  21.1*  List of subsidiaries of the Company.  31.1*  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  31.2*  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  32.1**  Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  32.2**  Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  99.1  Summary of Significant Changes Caused by the Reincorporation Merger (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the  Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 03, 2020).  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) #   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- † Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to the requirements of Item 15(a)(3) of Form 10-K.
* Filed herewith.
- ** Furnished herewith.

# The XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 shall not be deemed 'filed' for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to liability of that section and shall not be incorporated by reference into any filing

- or other document pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing or document

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

The Company has elected not to provide summary information.

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

PINEAPPLE, INC.

By:

/s/ Shawn Credle

Dated: May 5, 2022

Name:Shawn Credle

Title:

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

## PINEAPPLE, INC.

By:

/s/ Matthew Feinstein

Name:Matthew Feinstein

Title:

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Signature  Title  Date  /s/ Matthew Feinstein  Chief Financial Officer, Chairman and Director  May 5, 2022  Matthew Feinstein  /s/ Randy Hurwitz  Director  May 5, 2022  Randy Hurwitz  /s/ Katherine Hill  Director  May 5, 2022  Katherine Hill   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Pineapple, Inc., a Nevada corporation

| Subsidiaries  Jurisdiction  Pineapple Ventures, Inc.  California  THC Industries, LLC  California  Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc.  California  Pineapple Park, LLC  California  PNPL Holding Inc.  California   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

## I, Shawn Credle, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pineapple, Inc. (the 'Registrant'):
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.
4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
- a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared.
- b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
- c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: May 5, 2022

By: /s/ Shawn Credle

Shawn Credle Chief Executive Officer and Director

## CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

## I, Matthew Feinstein, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Pineapple, Inc. (the 'Registrant'):
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report.
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report.
4. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have:
- a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared.
- b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
- c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The Registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Dated: May 5, 2022

By: /s/ Matthew Feinstein

Matthew Feinstein Chairman and Chief Financial Officer

## CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with Annual Report of Pineapple, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I, Shawn Credle, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: May 5, 2022

By: /s/ Shawn Credle

Shawn Credle

Chief Executive Officer and Director

This Certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

## CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with Annual Report of Pineapple, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the 'Report'), I, Matthew Feinstein, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge, that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Dated: May 5, 2022

By: /s/ Matthew Feinstein

Matthew Feinstein

Chairman and Chief Financial Officer

This Certification accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

12 Months Ended

| Cover - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 May 04, 2022Jun. 30, 2021 Cover [Abstract] Document Type 10-K Amendment Flag false Document Annual Report true Document Transition Report false Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2021 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Document Fiscal Year Focus 2021 Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Entity File Number 000-55896 Entity Registrant Name PINEAPPLE, INC. Entity Central Index Key 0001654672 Entity Tax Identification Number 47-5185484 Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code NV Entity Address, Address Line One 10351 Santa Monica Blvd. Entity Address, Address Line Two Suite 420 Entity Address, City or Town Los Angeles Entity Address, State or Province CA Entity Address, Postal Zip Code 90025 City Area Code 877 Local Phone Number 310-7675 Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status No Entity Interactive Data Current Yes Entity Filer Category Non-accelerated Filer Entity Small Business true Entity Emerging Growth Company false Entity Shell Company false Entity Public Float $ 1,686,000 Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 91,163,569 ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag false Auditor Firm ID 5041 Auditor Name BF Borgers CPA PC Auditor Location Lakewood, CO   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Current Assets:

Cash

Total Current Assets

Property and equipment (net of depreciation)

Other Assets:

Equity method investment

Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

Total Other Assets

Total Assets

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Accounts payable - Related party

Settlement payable related party

Accrued interest payable related party

Accrued interest payable other

Due to affiliates

Notes payable, related party

Notes payable

Advances on agreements

Contingent liabilities

Total Current Liabilities

Total Liabilities

Commitments and contingencies (note 13)

Stockholders' Equity:

Preferred stock, value

Common stock, $0.0000001 par value, 500,000,000 shares authorized, 91,163,569 and

88,461,200 shares issued and outstanding, respectively

Additional paid-in-capital

Accumulated deficit

Total Stockholders' Equity

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity

Series A Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]

Stockholders' Equity:

Preferred stock, value

## Consolidated Balance Sheets Dec. 31, Dec. 31,

- USD ($)

2021

8,524

9,288,298

100,000

9,388,298

9,396,822

715,546

16,500

615,000

6,771

529,948

886,918

19,838

169,000

105,523

3,065,044

3,065,044

9

2020

14,917

9,488,616

9,488,616

9,503,533

869,911

615,000

45,637

6,771

90,556

857,175

19,838

169,000

100,048

2,773,936

2,773,936

8

22,004,077

21,297,078

(15,672,308)(14,567,489)

6,331,778

6,729,597

9,396,822

9,503,533

| Consolidated Balance Sheets  (Parenthetical) - $ / shares  Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  Preferred stock, par value  $ 0.0000001  $ 0.0000001  Preferred stock, shares authorized  20,000,000  20,000,000  Preferred stock, shares issued  0  0  Preferred stock, shares outstanding  0  0  Common stock, par value  $ 0.0000001  $ 0.0000001  Common stock, shares authorized  500,000,000  500,000,000  Common stock, shares issued  91,163,569  88,461,200  Common stock, shares outstanding  91,163,569  88,461,200  Series A Convertible Preferred Stock [Member]  Preferred stock, par value  $ 0.0000001  $ 0.0000001  Preferred stock, shares authorized  5,000,000  5,000,000  Preferred stock, shares issued  0  0  Preferred stock, shares outstanding  0  0   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Consolidated Statements of Operations - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

| Income Statement [Abstract] Revenue Operating Expenses General and administrative 969,993 661,557 Depreciation 6,393 6,861 Total Operating Expenses 976,386 668,418 Operating loss (976,386) (668,418) Other (Income) Expense Interest expense 53,821 Gain on settlement of debt (77,360) (25,000) Other expense 5,475 63,490 Loss from equity method investment 200,318 388,099 Total Other Expense 128,433 480,410 Loss from operations before taxes (1,104,819) (1,148,828) Provision for income taxes Net Loss $ (1,104,819) $ (1,148,828) Net Loss Per Share - Basic and Diluted $ (0.01) $ (0.02) Weighted Average Common Shares - Basic and Diluted89,138,014 64,731,914   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - USD ($) Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Total  Beginning balance, value at Dec. 31,  2019  $ 7  $ 14,139,607  $ (13,418,661)  $ 720,953  Balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2019  76,890,925  Common stock issued for service  80,800  $ 80,800  Common stock issued for service, shares  490,000  1,490,000  Issuance of common shares for equity  method investment  $ 1  5,499,999  $  5,500,000  Issuance of common shares for equity  method investment, shares  10,000,000  Common stock issued for settlement of  debt and payables  1,546,223  1,546,223  Common stock issued for settlement of  debt and payables, shares  1,080,275  Settlement of debt with related party  30,449  30,449  Net loss  (1,148,828)  (1,148,828)  Ending balance, value at Dec. 31, 2020  $ 8  21,297,078  (14,567,489)  6,729,597  Balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2020  88,461,200  Common stock issued for service  340,000  340,000  Common stock issued for service, shares  1,570,000  Net loss  (1,104,819)  (1,104,819)  Common stock issued for cash  $ 1  283,999  284,000  Common stock issued for cash, shares  2,630,000  Cancellation of common stock pursuant  to arbitration agreement  Cancellation of common stock pursuant  to arbitration agreement, shares  (1,829,631)  Common stock issued against earned  compensation  33,000  33,000  Common stock issued against earned  compensation, shares  132,000  Common stock issued against related  party debt  50,000  50,000  Common stock issued against related  party debt, shares  200,000  Ending balance, value at Dec. 31, 2021  $ 9  $ 22,004,077  $ (15,672,308)  $  6,331,778  Balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2021  91,163,569   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Consolidated Statements of  Cash Flows - USD ($)  Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  Cash Flows from Operating Activities  Net loss  $ (1,104,819) $ (1,148,828)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  Depreciation  6,393  6,861  Gain on debt settlement/extinguishment  (77,360)  Non-cash settlement penalties  5,851  Amortization right-of-use asset  40,775  Repayment of lease obligations  (41,142)  Loss from equity method investment  200,318  388,099  Stock-based compensation  340,000  66,303  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Security deposit  7,944  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  120,977  25,888  Accounts payable related party  16,500  Contingent liabilities  5,475  Accrued interest payable  53,117  Due to affiliates  439,391  51,508  Net cash used in operating activities  (53,125)  (543,624)  Cash Flows from Financing Activities  Proceeds from related party notes payable  58,075  551,824  Repayments of related party notes payable  (288,950)  (8,200)  Common stock issued for cash  284,000  Net cash provided by financing activities  53,125  543,624  Net change in cash  Cash, beginning of year  Cash, end of year  Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information  Cash paid for interest:  Cash paid for taxes:  Supplemental Disclosures of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities  Deposit on stock purchase agreement  100,000  Common stock issued to settle payable  33,000  Related party debt issued for relief of accounts payable  218,734  Common stock issued as settlement of related party debt  50,000  Gain on settlement of related party note payable  2,944  Settlement of debt for intangible property  1,000,000  Equity method investment exchanged for forgiveness of related party note payable  1,062,000  Common stock issued from prior year settlements  440,200  Common stock issued for prior year equity method investment  5,500,000  Common stock issued for debt extinguishment  $ 120,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Description of Business

## Organization, Consolidation

and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Description of Business

## Note 1 - Description of Business

Pineapple, Inc. ('Pineapple' or the 'Company') was originally formed in the State of Nevada under the name Global Resources, Ltd. on August 3, 1983. On April 12, 1999, the Company changed its name to 'Helixphere Technologies Inc.'. On September 19, 2013, the Company changed its name to 'New China Global Inc.'

On October 30, 2013, the Company filed its Articles of Continuance with the Secretary of State of Wyoming pursuant to which the Company was re-domiciled from the State of Nevada to the State of Wyoming. On July 15, 2014, the Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation to change its name from 'New China Global Inc.' to 'Globestar Industries'.

On September 3, 2015, the Company changed its name to 'Pineapple Express, Inc.' from 'Globestar Industries.' The Company's name has no relation to the 2008 motion picture produced by Columbia Pictures.

On March 19, 2019, the Company entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (the 'PVI Agreement') with Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI') and the stockholders of PVI (the 'PVI Stockholders') in which the Company acquired a total of 50% of the outstanding shares of PVI, in consideration for 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock may, from time to time, be converted by the holder into shares of the Company's Common Stock, par value $0.0000001 (the 'Common Stock'), in an amount equal to ten (10) shares of Common Stock for each one share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The PVI Stockholders elected to immediately convert the 2,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock into 20,000,000 shares of common stock upon issuance. As a result of the investment in PVI, the Company now has a portfolio asset with which it has entered the cannabis retail. cultivation, production and distribution sector throughout California. PVI has several leased properties that have been developed to provide these cannabis-related services. PVI, through its affiliates, have obtained 19 cannabis-related licenses throughout Southern California, 12 of which are still partially owned and managed by PVI. PVI has executed management contracts for 10% revenue sharing with four entities in which it was a founding member and holds equity: (CGI (20%), UHC (20%), PXI (10%), and PXI II (49%)) of which only one (UHC) generated revenue during 2021.

On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling $1,062,000 of existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company transferred to Mr. Ortega 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI. Subsequently, on February 11, 2021, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega was reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to correct the original agreement and properly reflect the value of the Company's stock at the time of the initial agreement. As of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the Company has 45.17% and 50% ownership interest, respectively, in PVI.

During 2019, PVI took preliminary business steps towards a project with Nordhoff Leases, LLC ('Nordhoff'), a related party, in which Nordhoff subleased 38,875 square feet in a building to three 15% owned entities by PVI; however, the contemplated project never matriculated and the planned contribution of Nordhoff to PVI was nullified. In June and July of 2020 PVI sold its 15% investments in three entities, including the cannabis licenses associated with them, for

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

$2.87 million to support its operations and assigned its three 15% owned entities' subleases with Nordhoff to the buyer as part of the sale. PVI received 15% of the proceeds of the sale of the entities and their cannabis licenses.

ln addition to having stakes in the foregoing business ventures, the Company was also assigned a patent for the proprietary Top Shelf Safe Display System ('SDS') for use in permitted cannabis dispensaries and delivery vehicles across the United States and internationally (where permitted by law), on July 20th, 2016, by Sky Island, Inc. (the 'SDS Patent') via a Patent Assignment Agreement (the 'Patent Assignment Agreement'). The SDS Patent was originally applied for and filed on August 11, 2015, by Sky Island, Inc. and received its notice of allowance from the United States Patent and Trademark Office on March 22, 2017. It is anticipated that the Top-Shelf SDS product shall retail for $30,000 per unit. Pineapple intends to sell the Top-Shelf SDS units to PVI for use in retail storefronts and delivery vehicles as well as to sell the Top Shelf SDS technology to other cannabis retail companies. The Company anticipates beginning sales of the Top Shelf SDS system in the third quarter of 2022.

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Accounting Policies [Abstract] Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles accepted in the United States of America ('GAAP') and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC').

## Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pineapple, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, THC Industries, LLC and Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc., doing business as Pineapple Express and Pineapple Park LLC. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

The Company's consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities were as follows:

| Name of Consolidated  Subsidiary or Entity  State or Other  Jurisdiction of  Incorporation or  Organization  Date of Incorporation  or Formation (Date of  Acquisition, if  Applicable)  Attributable  Interest  THC Industries, LLC  California  12/23/2015 (formed)  2/16/2016 (acquired by  us)  100%  Pineapple Park, LLC  California  6/27/2017  100%  Pineapple Express  Consulting, Inc.  California  3/16/2017  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Use of Estimates in Financial Reporting

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability and useful lives of long-lived assets, assessment of legal accruals, the fair value of the Company's stock, stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company follows the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. The FASB ASC establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy are described below:

Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.

- Level 2 Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.
- Level 3

Pricing inputs that are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data.

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.

The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, notes payable and other current liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

## Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in operating accounts at a major financial institution. Cash balances may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consist of furniture and fixtures and office equipment. They are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of the property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.

The estimated useful lives of the classes of property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment

5 years

Furniture and

7 years

fixtures

## Investments - Equity Method

The Company accounts for its equity-method investment at cost, adjusted for the Company's share of the investee's earnings or losses, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company believes the carrying value of its equity-method investments were recoverable in all material respects.

## Loss Per Share

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the Company. In computing diluted loss per share, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding options and warrants are exercised, and the proceeds are used to purchase common stock at the average market price during the period. Options and warrants may have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock

method only when the average market price of the common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options and warrants.

At December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no options or warrants outstanding and no shares issuable for conversion of notes payable.

## Stock-based Compensation

The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on weighted average assumptions. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock. The Company has elected to use the simplified method described in the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14C to estimate the expected term of employee stock options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The value of restricted stock awards is determined using the fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.

## Reclassification

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year's data to confirm to the current year's presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on the Company's financial condition, operating results, cash flows or stockholders' deficit.

## Recently Adopted and Pending Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06 ('ASU 2020-06') 'Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity.' ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. In addition, ASU 2020-06 amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity's own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. The Amendments also affects the diluted EPS calculation for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares and for convertible instruments. The amendments are effective for public entities excluding smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods. The Company is still evaluating the effect the adoption will have on its financial statements.

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures.

## Going Concern

Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Going Concern

## Note 3 - Going Concern

The Company's consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. As reflected in its consolidated financial statements, the Company has an accumulated deficit of $15,672,308 at December 31, 2021, and incurred a net loss of $1,104,819 and utilized net cash of $53,125 in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company has not generated any revenues and has incurred net losses since inception. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern within one year from the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company's consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

The Company's primary source of operating funds since inception has been cash proceeds from the private placements of its common stock and from issuance of its short-term on demand loans, primarily from related parties. The Company intends to raise additional capital in the short-term through addition of demand loans and, once the up listing to a higher exchange is completed, through private placements to sell shares of common stock to investors. There can be no assurance that these funds will be available on terms acceptable to the Company, or at all, or will be sufficient to enable the Company to fully complete its development activities or sustain operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company raised $23,075 in cash proceeds from the issuance of related party notes and $284,000 in common stock issued for cash

If the Company is unable to raise sufficient additional funds, it will have to develop and implement a plan to further extend payables, reduce overhead, scale back its current business plan or curtail operations or sale equity interest from its interest in dispensaries until sufficient additional capital is raised to support further operations.

The Company's ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on its ability to execute its strategy and on its ability to raise additional funds. Management is currently seeking additional funds, primarily through the issuance of equity and/or debt securities for cash to operate the Company's business. No assurance can be given that any future financing will be available or, if available, that it will be on terms that are satisfactory to it. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may contain undue restrictions on its operations, in the case of debt financing, or cause substantial dilution for its stockholders, in the case of equity and/or convertible debt financing.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

## Related Party Transactions [Abstract]

Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 4 - Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

On August 7, 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement (the 'CGI Agreement') with Capital Growth Investments, Inc., a California corporation ('CGI') and PVI, the Company's equity-method investee. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company can acquire up to 50,000 shares of CGI (the 'Shares'), which comprise 50% of its issued and outstanding capital stock, from PVI for an aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000. As of December 31, 2021, $100,000 was paid by the Company, which was recorded and presented in Deposit - Stock purchase agreement related party in the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. No shares of CGI will be issued until the full purchase price is paid.

Within 60 days of execution of the Agreement, the remaining balance of $900,000 was to be paid in exchange for the full 50% of the Shares of the Company. Contemporaneously with the execution of the CGI Agreement, the parties entered into a Shareholder Agreement with CGI (the 'Shareholder Agreement'). Pursuant to the Shareholder Agreement, the Company was granted certain anti-dilution rights, as well certain monthly distributions of net cash from the operations of CGI, along with other voting and indemnification rights. Pursuant to an Amendment to Stock Purchase Agreement, dated November 26, 2021, the Company, CGI and PVI have acknowledged that the Purchase Price, which shall be paid by Buyer in installments of $100,000 as a refundable deposit, has been received. The remaining balance of $900,000 was to be paid in exchange for the entirety of the Shares on or before March 31, 2022. Should the Buyer be unable to fund the balance of $900,000 by March 31, 2022, the transaction shall be cancelled and the refundable deposit of $100,000 shall be returned to the Company. In March of 2022, the parties mutually agreed to extend the closing date to June 30, 2022 (see note 15).

## Property and Equipment

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

## Property and Equipment

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 5 - Property and Equipment

Property and equipment as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 is summarized as follows:

| 2021  2020  Furniture and fixtures  $  43,152  $  43,152  Office equipment  12,321  12,231  Subtotal  55,473  55,473  Less accumulated depreciation  (46,949)  (40,556)  Property and equipment, net  $  8,524  $  14,917   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation expense for fiscal years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, was $6,393 and $6,861, respectively.

## Equity Method Investment

## Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract] Equity Method Investment

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 6 - Equity Method Investment

In March 2019, the Company acquired a 50% investment in Pineapple Ventures, Inc. ('PVI') in exchange for 2,000,000 shares of the Company's Series A preferred stock, which, upon issuance, were immediately converted into 20,000,000 shares of common stock. The investment has been accounted for under the equity method. In addition to having a direct investment, the Company also noted that common ownership with PVI represents an additional variable interest. However, it was determined that the Company does not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact PVI's economic performance, and therefore, the Company is not the primary beneficiary of PVI and PVI has not been consolidated under the variable interest model.

The investment was recorded at cost, which was determined to be $11,000,000 based on a value of $0.55 per share of common stock. A total of 10,000,000 shares of common stock were issued as of December 31, 2019. The remaining 10,000,000 shares were issued in January 2020, and were recorded as a stock subscription payable at December 31, 2019. See Note 11.

On January 17, 2020, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega whereby in exchange for Mr. Ortega cancelling $1,062,000 of existing loans extended to the Company by Jaime Ortega, Neu-Ventures, Inc., and Sky Island, Inc., the Company sold to Mr. Ortega 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI. Subsequently, on February 11, 2020, the parties entered into amended agreement pursuant to which the original number of shares sold to Mr. Ortega were reduced from 10,000 shares of capital stock of PVI to 4,827 shares of capital stock of PVI. Accordingly, the Company currently owns 45,173 shares of capital stock of PVI. This amendment was entered into to properly reflect the value of the Company's stock at the time of the initial agreement. As of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, the Company had 45.17% ownership interest in PVI.

The following represents summarized financial information of PVI for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| Income statement  2021  2020  Revenue  $  147,059  $  620,337  Cost of goods sold  1,325  2,565  Gross margin  145,734  617,772  Operating expenses  (2,889,211)  (1,471,271)  Gain on dispensary equity sale  2,300,000  -  Net loss  $  (443,477)  (853,499)  Balance sheet  Current assets  $  1,550,602  $  77,402  Non-current assets  $  673,880  $  163,109  Current liabilities  $  2,011,445  $  1,280,251  Non-Current liabilities  $  1,690,783  $  1,280,251   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of $200,318 for the year ended December 31, 2021, which has reduced the carrying value of the investment as of December 31, 2021, to $9,288,298 based on its 45.17% equity investment.

The Company has recorded a loss from equity investment of $388,099 for the year ended December 31, 2020, which has reduced the carrying value of the investment as of December 31, 2020, to $9,488,616, based on its 45.17% equity investment.

Leases Leases

## Leases

## Note 7 - Leases.

The Company leases office space under an operating lease expiring in June 2020. The lease includes an option to extend for an additional 3-year term with rent adjusted to market rates. The Company does not anticipate exercising the option to extend. Upon adopting ASU 2016-02 on January 1, 2019, the Company recorded a right-of-use asset and lease liability for $122,985 related to the remaining term of this operating lease. As an implicit rate was not available for the lease, the Company has used its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate to measure the operating lease liability. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate the Company would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of the lease. The Company has determined its incremental borrowing rate as of the inception of this lease to be twenty five percent (25%) per year.

In accordance with ASC 842, Leases, the depreciation for the Company's operating lease right-ofuse assets are recorded in periodic lease expense within the Company's general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The periodic lease expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 was $0 and $42,489, respectively.

Total lease payments for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020 were $0 and $42,856, respectively. Total amortization of the operating lease right-of-use asset for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, was $0 and $40,775, respectively.

Upon expiration of the lease term in June 2020, the Company's security deposit was applied towards the final rent payment and the lease reverted to a month-to-month basis until PVI entered into a new lease for the property in August 2020. The Company has agreed to pay a rent allocation to PVI of $1,000 per month. The Company has incurred $12,000 of rent expense during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Notes Payable, Related Party

## Notes Payable Related Party Notes Payable, Related Party

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 8 - Notes Payable, Related Party

Notes payable, related party, are comprised of the following as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020:

| Noteholder  Due  Interest  Rate  Secured  2021  2020  Sky Island, Inc.  Demand  0%  No  $  -  $  8,015  Eric Kennedy  Demand  0%  No  30,000  30,000  Rob Novinger  Demand  0%  No  30,851  30,851  Neu-Ventures, Inc.  Demand  0%  No  826,067  788,309  Total  $  886,918  $  857,175   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Sky Island, Inc. (The owner is the largest shareholder of the Company)

Since January 1, 2020, to December 31, 2021, the Company decreased the Sky Island promissory notes from a beginning balance of $1,757,124 to a closing balance of $0. In January 2020, the Company entered into an agreement to reduce the outstanding loan by $1,062,000, first applied to accrued interest of $312,891, in exchange for ownership in the Company's equity method investment (See Note 5).

On December 17, 2020, the Company entered into an Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement with PVI pursuant to which the Company sold all of the Company's trade dress and trade names, logos, Internet addresses and domain names, trademarks and service marks and related registrations and applications, including any intent to use applications, supplemental registrations and any renewals or extensions in exchange for Mr. Jaime Ortega, waiving and cancelling $1,000,000 of the aggregate existing loans extended by Mr. Ortega to the Company. This reduced the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2020, to $8,015.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega to fully extinguished the remaining principal of $8,015 and accrued interest of $45,637, which resulted in the recognition of a $53,652 gain on debt extinguishment.

The promissory note transactions were deemed a related party transaction because Jaime Ortega, Owner, Chief Operating Officer, and Director of Sky Island, Inc., was a founding shareholder of the Company. Mr. Ortega has an aggregate ownership of 48.2% and 49.6% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

## Eric Kennedy (former director)

In May 2019, the Company agreed to a settlement with Eric Kennedy, a Company's director, related to deferred cash compensation that had been accrued for in the Company's accounts payable and accrued liabilities to reduce the amount to $35,000, resulting in a gain on settlement of related party payables of $36,000, which was recorded in the consolidated statements of stockholders' equity. Therefore, the $35,000 was reclassified to related party notes payable.

The note does not incur interest and was originally to be repaid through an initial $10,000 payment with monthly payments of $5,000 thereafter, but the Company was only able to make one $5,000 payment, reducing the balance to $30,000 as of December 31, 2020. The Company did not make any payment during the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance of the former related party notes payable is $30,000 as of December 31, 2021, and December 30, 2020.

## Rob Novinger

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, the Company increased the balance by $5,851 to reflect the settlement payable owed to Novinger, leaving a balance of $30,851 as of December 31, 2020. There was no activity during the year ended December 31, 2021. The balance of the related party note payable is $30,851 as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020.

## Neu-Ventures, Inc. (The owner is the largest shareholder of the Company)

Beginning in April 2019, the Company also began receiving advances from Neu-Ventures, Inc., another entity owned by our majority shareholder, Mr. Ortega. These advances are due on demand and do not incur interest.

Advances from Neu-Ventures between January 2021 and December 2021 totaled $23,075, offset by $253,950 cash repayments. Neu-Ventures also paid $110,437 of corporate expenses on behalf of the Company and paid $108,197 of consulting fees owed to the Company's executive officers during the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company also issued 200,000 shares of the Company's common stock against a payable owed by Neu-Ventures, Inc. The fair value of the shares issued were applied against the Company's debt towards Neu-Ventures, Inc.

Neu-Ventures also paid $100,000 on behalf of the Company pursuant to the stock purchase agreement entered into on August 7, 2021, to acquire up to 50,000 shares of Capital Growth Investments, Inc. Such payment is reported under Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party in the Company's consolidated Balance sheet as of December 31, 2021.

Advances from Neu-Ventures between January and December 2020 totaled $592,028, offset by common shares issued for debt extinguishment with a value of $120,000 and a $9,000 repayment.

The amount payable to Neu Ventures totaled $826,067 and $788,309 as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

## Accrued interest - Sky Island, Inc.

Accrued interest payable on the Sky Island promissory notes as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 was $0 and $45,637, respectively. Interest expense of $0 and $53,821 was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively. There was no interest paid on notes payable related party, during the years ended December 31, 2021, or 2020.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with Jaime Ortega to fully extinguished the remaining accrued interest of $45,637.

## Notes Payable

## Debt Disclosure [Abstract] Notes Payable

## Note 9 - Notes Payable

The Company, through our former subsidiary, BBC, entered into a $25,000 small business 'line of credit' with Kabbage, Inc. on July 2, 2016, for purposes of funding periodic capital needs. The original agreement provided for a term of six months but has been extended month-tomonth thereafter by mutual verbal consent of the parties. The total balance of that credit line as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, is $27,313, which includes principal of $19,838 and $7,475 of accrued interest from prior years. The balance has been guaranteed by Matt Feinstein, the Company's Executive Financial Officer and a director. The Company is currently in talks with a collection company to settle this debt and has stopped accruing interest. There has been no activity during the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Settlement Payable

## Settlement Payable Settlement Payable

## Note 10 - Settlement Payable

At December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, advances on agreements balance consist of the following:

| Noteholder  2021  2020  Investor Three  $  615,000  $  615,000  Settlement Payable  $  615,000  $  615,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investor Three

In December 2015, the Company entered into a Revenue Share Agreement for $750,000 that was recorded as 'advances on agreements' liability. As per the Revenue Share Agreement, in the event that, for the period from February 5, 2016, through the three-year anniversary of the Effective Date, if Lessee fails to pay the Company any Fixed Minimum Rent, the Company shall be required to pay to Investor Three, in full, Investor Three's share each month until the Company has paid Investor Three an aggregate of $825,000 under this Revenue Share Agreement. Thereafter, the Company shall have no further obligations or responsibilities to Investor Three in connection with this Revenue Share Agreement. Due to the above clause, by reason of defaults on the DHS Project (as defined elsewhere herein), an additional penalty of $75,000 was incurred which was recorded as deferred finance cost. During the fiscal year 2018, the Company reduced $200,000 of principal by transferring land to Investor Three. During the fiscal year 2018, the Company also recorded a loss on settlement of debt in the consolidated statements of operations increasing the balance by $97,800 to $615,000 at December 31, 2018. There has been no activity during the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020. This balance remains outstanding at December 31, 2021, and 2020. This balance is classified as settlement payable - related party on the Company's consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Advances on Agreements

## Advances On Agreements

## Advances on Agreements

## Note 11 - Advances on Agreements

At December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, advances on agreements balance consist of the following:

| Noteholder  2021  2020  Investor One and Investor Two  $  169,000  $  169,000  Advances on Agreements  $  169,000  $  169,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investor One

On February 16, 2016, the Company entered into a Binding Letter of Intent ('BLOI1') with Investor One that the Company deemed a financing agreement for the purchase of a certain property (APN: 665-030-044), and upon completion of development of the acquired property, subsequently a revenue share agreement that was for the following considerations: (i) payment by Investor One of $125,000, representing one-half the purchase price of the property, (ii) the Company would have repurchased the financed property for $187,500 within one year of the purchase, and (iii) 'rent' payments of $3,750/month would have occurred during the referenced one year period.

During March 2016, the $125,000 in financing from Investor One, in addition to $40,768 from the Company, was deposited in Escrow No.: 7101604737-ST with Chicago Title Company against the purchase of another property (APN: 665-030-043) that was the subject of additional funding by a Investor Two, described below.

## Investor Two

On March 18, 2016, the Company entered into a Binding Letter of Intent ('BLOI2'), subsequently amended by a Real Property Purchase and Sale Agreement and Joint Escrow Instructions ('Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement') dated March 21, 2016, both of which the Company deemed a financing agreement for the purchase of a certain property (APN: 665-030-043) for the following considerations: (i) payment by Investor Two of $350,000 of the $515,000 purchase price of the property, (ii) the Company would assign the existing escrow amount of $165,768 to Investor Two, who would close the transaction and take title to the property, (iii) the Company would pay any taxes, fees and other out-of-pocket expenses associated with the transaction, and (iv) the Company would have repurchased the property from Investor Two for a price of $500,000 within ninety days of the closing of the transaction.

On March 22, 2016, Investor Two deposited $350,000 into the escrow account referenced above and the transaction closed with title conveyed to Investor Two as required under BLOI2. Subsequent to closing, the Company defaulted under the BLOI2 and the Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement as it did not reacquire the property in the required ninety days after closing. As a consequence, the Company forfeited the $165,768 deposited into the Chicago Title Escrow account referenced above.

## Investment Accounting Treatments for Investors One and Two

The escrow agreement closed and Investor Two took title to property. There is no provision in BLOI2, or in the Subsequent Land Purchase Agreement, that would impose any continuing liability on the Company other than the loss of the Company's escrow deposit.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

As no terms and conditions were established to characterize the $125,000 investment as a Note Payable, the Company has recorded a continuing liability to Investor One in connection with BLOI1 having been recorded as a deferred liability. Contrary to the case with Investor Two, the Company acknowledged the additional $62,500 liability provided for under BLOI1 and $187,500 was recorded as 'advances on agreements' as a short-term deferred liability on the Company's books and records. Additionally, BLOI1 provided for a 'rent' payment of $3,750 for a period of twelve months after execution of BLOI1.

In February 2019, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Investor One which required the issuance of 20,000 shares of the Company's common stock and established an additional principal sum for repayment of $200,000. The settlement includes installment payments of $10,000 per month beginning on February 15, 2019, until the balance is repaid and ends the accrual of interest. Prior to entering into the settlement agreement, the Company had recorded interest expense of $4,125, bringing the balance from $187,500 at December 31, 2018 to $191,625. The settlement agreement resulted in additional expense of $8,375. The Company made three $10,000 payments during the year ended December 31, 2019, reduced the value by another $1,000 in connection with the 20,000 shares being valued at $11,000 instead of the $10,000 value initially discussed. There was no activity during the years ended December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020.

## Stockholders' Equity

## Equity [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity

## Note 12 - Stockholders' Equity

The Company is authorized to issue 525,000,000 shares of capital stock, $0.0000001 par value per share, of which 5,000,000 shares are designated as Series A Convertible Preferred stock, 20,000,000 shares are designated as preferred stock and 500,000,000 shares are designated as common stock. As of December 31, 2021, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, and 91,163,569 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold 2,630,000 shares of common stock for total cash consideration of $284,000 pursuant to private offering.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 1,570,000 shares for services to the Company's directors, consultants and to the Company's officers for total fair value of $340,000.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 132,000 shares to a Company's director with fair value of $33,000 as settlement of past payable.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company cancelled 1,829,631 shares of common stock pursuant to a settlement agreement (Note 13).

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock as settlement of a related party (Neu Venture, Inc.) debt. The fair value of these shares totaled $50,000, which was offset against the note payable due to Neu-Venture, Inc. (Note 7).

During the years ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 1,490,000 shares, respectively, for services valued at $80,800.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 555,275 shares of its common stock in exchange for debt settlements valued at $440,220.

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued 525,000 shares of common stock in exchange for $120,000 of related party note payable extinguishment.

During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company issued 10,000,000 shares of common stock for total amount of $5,500,000 in exchange for a 50% equity investment in PVI, with another 10,000,000 shares of common stock issued during the year ended December 31, 2020.

During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, the Company has not granted any stock options nor warrants.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Note 13 - Commitments and Contingencies

From time to time, the Company is party to certain legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course and are incidental to our business. Future events or circumstances, currently unknown to management, will determine whether the resolution of pending or threatened litigation or claims will ultimately have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, liquidity, or results of operations in any future reporting periods. The following is a list of current litigation:

## Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al.

JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565 was filed July 13, 2018. This matter arises from a certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016. Claimants sought forfeiture of certain IP rights, more specifically, Registered Mark 'THC' standard character mark (U.S. Trademark Reg. No. 1954405 registered on February 6, 1996) and Domain Name www.thc.com, together with proceeds Respondents have received from any royalty or licensing payments relating to the IP rights from the date of Forfeiture, as well as costs for reasonable attorneys' fees. Arbitration was conducted on July 17-19, 2019. The arbitrator issued an award on December 23, 2019, upholding the Claimants' exercise of the put option as discussed in Note 10 and the transfer of the IP rights. Claimants/Plaintiffs then filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award and Respondents/Defendants filed a Petition to Vacate Arbitration Award in the matter entitled, Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. v. Salem, et al., bearing Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number SC129690. Both Petitions were heard on October 8, 2020, and Claimants/ Plaintiffs' Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award was granted. Pineapple Express, Inc. filed a Notice of Appeal on the same date, which is currently pending briefing schedule. Based on the pending award, the Company has accrued the $1,000,000 put option exercise amount and recorded a $1,000,000 stock subscription receivable. On April 8, 2021, the parties executed a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company dismissed the appeal. The Company represented that it has relinquished any claim, title and/or interest with respect to the IP, that it has not assigned any such claim, title, rights and/or interest with respect to the IP, and that it has not encumbered the IP. The Company settled the arbitration award for $100,000. The Company reported such settlement amount in accounts payable as of December 31, 2020. Salem agreed to cancel an aggregate of 1,829,631 shares of the Company's common stock, retaining 400,000 shares of the Company's common stock. Based on the settlement agreement, the Company derecognized the $1,000,000 put option exercise amount along with the $1,000,000 stock subscription receivable as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.This litigation is fully settled as of December 31, 2021.

## Pineapple Express v. Ramsey Salem

JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1220063897 was filed December 4, 2019. This matter arises from claims of breach of contract, more specifically the confidentiality provisions of certain Agreement and Plan of Merger and Reorganization dated February 12, 2016, entered into between the parties and arising from the disclosure of the interim arbitration award in the matter entitled and above-referenced as: Salem, et al. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al. JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210035565, filed July 13, 2018, by Respondent. On April 8, 2021, the parties entered into a settlement agreement and mutual general release, under which the Company withdrew the second arbitration.

Hawkeye v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BC708868 was filed June 6, 2018. Plaintiff claimed damages against Defendant in the excess of $900,000 arising from a series of successive amended and revised revenue sharing agreements pertaining to rental income from certain leasehold for premises more commonly known as 65421 San Jacinto Lane, Desert Hot Springs, CA 92240 which was not realized through no fault of Defendants, nor are Defendants contracting parties to the lease agreement or original revenue sharing agreement for which consideration was paid. Defendants deny all allegations of claims asserted in the Complaint. Notwithstanding, the parties settled the matter pursuant to a confidential settlement agreement in or about January 3, 2020. However, the matter was reduced to an entry of judgment by the court in or about February 21, 2020, for the amount of $615,000, which monies remain due and outstanding and are accrued for in the Company's settlement payable as of December 31, 2021, and 2020. The parties are cooperating to resolve this matter pursuant to the terms of the agreed upon settlement.

## Sharper, Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc., et al.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 18SMCV00149 was filed November 1, 2018. Complaint for money with an amount in controversy of $32,500. The matter arises from certain claim for goods and services rendered beyond the contract claim which is wholly disputed. The court case matter was stayed on February 11, 2019, pending the outcome of Arbitration. Finnegan &amp;Diba was substituted out of the matter on June 14, 2019. The matter was arbitrated through other counsel and the arbitrator issued a final award in favor of Petitioner in or about September 4, 2019, for the principal amount of $15,375, which has been accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2018. The award was transitioned to an entry of judgment in the total amount of $18,692 on or about February 27, 2020, against Pineapple Express, Inc. without specificity as to the judgment debtor's state of incorporation, and Pineapple Express Consulting Inc., which remains due and outstanding. The accrual in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, is $18,692.

## Cunningham v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: BS171779: Judgment, ordered by the Department of Industrial Relations, Labor Commissioner's Office was entered by the Court on December 11, 2017. The amount of judgment entered was $47,674. Enforcement on the Judgment is continuing. Finnegan &amp; Diba was retained to defend enforcement proceedings and substituted out of the matter in March 2019. This claim was accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.

## Pineapple Express, Inc. v. Cunningham

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: SC 127731 was filed June 21, 2017. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint which were both dismissed. Defendant Cunningham pursued a cost judgment against Plaintiff and obtained a judgment in the amount of $2,367, which remains outstanding to date and since January 22, 2018. This amount has been accrued for in the Company's contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2019. Enforcement proceedings have ensued and said judgment remains outstanding to date. Finnegan &amp; Diba was not the counsel of record when judgment was entered and only addressed enforcement proceedings until such time it was substituted out as counsel of record in or about June 14, 2019.

## The Hit Channel, Inc. v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 19STCV09006 was filed in or about March 14, 2019. This action arose from certain complaint and cross-complaint arising from certain licensing agreement entered into between the parties for the commercial exploitation of the URL and Domain Name THC.com. The matter has since resolved pursuant to the confidential settlement agreement entered into by and between the parties. The licensing agreement has been deemed terminated, and the matter has been dismissed with prejudice by order of the court on February 14, 2020. The Hit Channel was awarded $40,000 and 555,275 shares of the Company's restricted stock as settlement, for which the Company has accrued $40,000 in contingent liabilities and

$444,220 in stock subscriptions payable as of December 31, 2019. This settlement shares were issued and the $40,000 was paid in February 2020. The Company also received the website, www.THCExpress.com, from The Hit Channel as part of the Settlement Agreement.

## StoryCorp Consulting, dba Wells Compliance Group v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

JAMS Arbitration Reference Number: 1210037058 , filed December 18, 2019. This matter arises from dispute over certain services agreement entered into between the parties in or about January 31, 2019. In 2020, the parties agreed on a settlement amount of $15,000. The parties selfrepresented in arbitration and a final arbitration award was issued in the amount $23,805 on or about October 27, 2020, against the Company. Claimant has since filed a Petition to Confirm Arbitration Award against Pineapple Express, Inc. a California Corporation, with the Los Angeles Superior Court bearing Case Number 20STCP04003, set for hearing on April 12, 2021. On information and belief, Pineapple Express Inc., a California Corporation, is not affiliated with Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, formerly known as Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming Corporation. Claimant amended its complaint on or about February 3, 2021, to include Defendant Pineapple Express, Inc., a Wyoming corporation. A default judgement was entered on May 11, 2021, against Pineapple Express, Inc., in the amount of $29,280. Defendant, Pineapple Inc., a Nevada Corporation, is not a party to the pending matter to date. The parties hope to engage in settlement discussions and resolve this matter. The $29,280 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2021, in the Company's contingent liabilities.

## Russ Schamun v. Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc.

This is a small claims matter for $7,500 filed by an independent contractor. There was a hearing date on August 23, 2019, and judgment was awarded to Russ Schamun. This creditor will be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The $7,500 has been accrued for as of December 31, 2021, and 2020, in the Company's contingent liabilities.

## SRFF v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

This matter resulted in a stipulated judgment whereas former SEC counsel claimed approximately $60,000 in legal work that was not paid for. The Company claimed that the work being charged for (a registration statement to be filed with the SEC) was not completed. Regardless of this fact, the Company signed a payment plan and confession of judgment if the plan was not honored. The result was a judgment entered in favor of SRFF because of the confession. This creditor will be satisfied once the Company is in a position to satisfy the judgment. The settlement amount has been accrued for in the Company's accounts payable and accrued liabilities balance at December 31, 2021, and 2020.

## Novinger v. Pineapple Express, Inc.

Los Angeles Superior Court Case Number: 20CHLC10510 was filed in or about March 11, 2020. This is a limited jurisdiction action arising from a claim for monies lent to Pineapple Express, Inc. without specificity as to the judgment debtor's state of incorporation, for the total of $30,851, which is accrued for in the Company's related party notes payable. On September 23, 2020, a default judgment was entered against the Company. The parties are working to resolve the matter or alternatively vacate and set aside the default judgment entered unbeknownst to the Company.

## Income Taxes

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract] Income Taxes

## Note 14 - Income Taxes

The Company utilizes FASB ASC 740, 'Income Taxes,' which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is 'more likely-than-not' that a deferred tax asset will not be realized.

The Company generated a deferred tax asset through net operating loss carryforwards. Based upon Management's evaluation, a valuation allowance of 100% has been established due to the uncertainty of the Company's realization of the benefit derived from net operating loss carryforwards.

Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences resulting from income and expense items reported for financial accounting and tax purposes in different periods. Deferred taxes arising from temporary differences that are related to an asset or liability are classified as current or noncurrent depending on the periods in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. The Company does not have any uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2021, and 2020.

No federal tax provision has been provided for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, due to the losses incurred during such periods. Reconciled below is the difference between the income tax rate computed by applying the U.S. federal statutory rate and the effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020.

The reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate is as follows as of December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| 2021  2020  U.S. federal statutory tax rate  21.0%  21.0%  State tax, net of federal tax benefit  7.0%  6.6%  Related party interest  -%  (1.0)%  Change in valuation allowance  (28.0)%  (26.6)%  Other  0.0%  0.0%  Total deferred tax assets  0.0%  0.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The principal components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows as of December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| 2021  2020  Net operating loss carryforwards  $  1,868,691  $  1,654,858  Stock-based compensation  800,552  705,408  Accruals and reserves  1,494,837  1,494,837  Other  17,867  17,867  Fixed assets  2,185  2,185  Total deferred tax assets  4,184,132  3,875,155  Valuation allowance  (4,184,132)  (3,875,155)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

At December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company has available net operating loss carryforwards for federal income tax purposes of approximately $6,973,000 and $6,209,000, respectively, and for state income tax purposes of approximately $5,789,000 and $5,025,000, respectively, which expire beginning in 2036.

For U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of NOL utilization limitations under Internal Revenue Code ('IRC'), Section 382, change of ownership rules. If the Company has had a change in ownership, the NOL's would be limited as to the amount that could be utilized each year, based on the Code.

For U.S. purposes, the Company has not completed its evaluation of IRC Section 280E, Expenditures in connection with the illegal sale of drugs. No deduction or credit shall be allowed for any amount paid or incurred during the taxable year in carrying on any trade or business if such trade or business (or the activities which comprise such trade or business) consists of trafficking in controlled substances (within the meaning of schedule I and II of the Controlled Substances Act) which are prohibited by Federal law or the law of any State in which such trade or business is conducted. If IRC 280E applies to the Company, such expenditures would not be deductible or limited.

## Subsequent Events

Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Events

## Note 15 - Subsequent Events

Subsequent to December 31, 2021, the Company paid PVI, its equity method investee, an additional $95,000 towards the purchase of 50% of Capital Growth Investments, Inc. As of the Report date, the amount on deposit towards the purchase price is $195,000. The remaining balance of $805,000 was initially to be paid in exchange for all of the 50% Shares on or before March 31, 2022. In March 2022, all parties agreed to extend the closing to June 30, 2022. Should the Company be unable to fund the balance of $805,000 by June 30, 2022, the transaction will be cancelled, and all deposits would be returned to the Company.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)

## Accounting Policies [Abstract] Basis of Presentation

## Basis of Consolidation

## Use of Estimates in Financial Reporting

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

## Basis of Presentation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles accepted in the United States of America ('GAAP') and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission ('SEC').

## Basis of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Pineapple, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries, THC Industries, LLC and Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc., doing business as Pineapple Express and Pineapple Park LLC. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

The Company's consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities were as follows:

| Name of Consolidated  Subsidiary or Entity  State or Other  Jurisdiction of  Incorporation or  Organization  Date of Incorporation  or Formation (Date of  Acquisition, if  Applicable)  Attributable  Interest  THC Industries, LLC  California  12/23/2015 (formed)  2/16/2016 (acquired by  us)  100%  Pineapple Park, LLC  California  6/27/2017  100%  Pineapple Express  Consulting, Inc.  California  3/16/2017  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Use of Estimates in Financial Reporting

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include the recoverability and useful lives of long-lived assets, assessment of legal accruals, the fair value of the Company's stock, stock-based compensation and the valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The Company follows the Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') for disclosures about fair value of its financial instruments and to measure the fair value of its financial instruments. The FASB ASC establishes a fair value hierarchy which prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The three levels of fair value hierarchy are described below:

Level 1 Quoted market prices available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

Cash

## Property and Equipment

## Investments - Equity Method

## Loss Per Share

Level 2

Level 3

Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date.

Pricing inputs that are generally unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data.

Financial assets are considered Level 3 when their fair values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques and at least one significant model assumption or input is unobservable.

The carrying amounts of the Company's financial assets and liabilities, including cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, notes payable and other current liabilities, approximate their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

## Cash

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in operating accounts at a major financial institution. Cash balances may exceed federally insured limits. Management believes the financial risk associated with these balances is minimal and has not experienced any losses to date. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no cash balances in excess of FDIC insured limits.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment consist of furniture and fixtures and office equipment. They are recorded at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets. Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of the property and equipment are capitalized. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.

The estimated useful lives of the classes of property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment

5 years

Furniture and

fixtures

7 years

Investments - Equity Method

The Company accounts for its equity-method investment at cost, adjusted for the Company's share of the investee's earnings or losses, which are reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. The Company periodically reviews the investments for other than temporary declines in fair value below cost and more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company believes the carrying value of its equity-method investments were recoverable in all material respects.

## Loss Per Share

Basic loss per share is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted loss per share reflects the potential dilution, using the treasury stock method, that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised or converted into common stock or resulted in the issuance of common stock that then shared in the loss of the Company. In computing diluted loss per share, the treasury stock method assumes that outstanding options and warrants are exercised, and the proceeds are used to purchase common stock at the average market

## Stock-based Compensation

## Reclassification

## Recently Adopted and Pending Accounting Pronouncements

price during the period. Options and warrants may have a dilutive effect under the treasury stock method only when the average market price of the common stock during the period exceeds the exercise price of the options and warrants.

At December 31, 2021, and 2020, the Company had no options or warrants outstanding and no shares issuable for conversion of notes payable.

## Stock-based Compensation

The fair value of stock options is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, based on weighted average assumptions. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock. The Company has elected to use the simplified method described in the Securities and Exchange Commission Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 14C to estimate the expected term of employee stock options. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The value of restricted stock awards is determined using the fair value of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. The Company accounts for forfeitures as they occur. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period of the award.

## Reclassification

Certain reclassifications have been made to prior year's data to confirm to the current year's presentation. Such reclassifications had no impact on the Company's financial condition, operating results, cash flows or stockholders' deficit.

## Recently Adopted and Pending Accounting Pronouncements

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-06 ('ASU 2020-06') 'Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity.' ASU 2020-06 simplifies the accounting for convertible instruments by reducing the number of accounting models for convertible debt instruments and convertible preferred stock. Limiting the accounting models results in fewer embedded conversion features being separately recognized from the host contract as compared with current GAAP. Convertible instruments that continue to be subject to separation models are (1) those with embedded conversion features that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, that meet the definition of a derivative, and that do not qualify for a scope exception from derivative accounting and (2) convertible debt instruments issued with substantial premiums for which the premiums are recorded as paid-in capital. In addition, ASU 2020-06 amends the guidance for the derivatives scope exception for contracts in an entity's own equity to reduce form-over-substance-based accounting conclusions. The Amendments also affects the diluted EPS calculation for instruments that may be settled in cash or shares and for convertible instruments. The amendments are effective for public entities excluding smaller reporting companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, but no earlier than fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods. The Company is still evaluating the effect the adoption will have on its financial statements.

Other recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the Securities and Exchange Commission did not or are not believed by management to have a material impact on the Company's present or future consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures.

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)

## Accounting Policies [Abstract]

Schedule of Consolidated Subsidiaries and/or Entities

Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives Property and Equipment

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The Company's consolidated subsidiaries and/or entities were as follows:

| Name of Consolidated  Subsidiary or Entity  State or Other  Jurisdiction of  Incorporation or  Organization  Date of Incorporation  or Formation (Date of  Acquisition, if  Applicable)  Attributable  Interest  THC Industries, LLC  California  12/23/2015 (formed)  2/16/2016 (acquired by  us)  100%  Pineapple Park, LLC  California  6/27/2017  100%  Pineapple Express  Consulting, Inc.  California  3/16/2017  100%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated useful lives of the classes of property and equipment are as follows:

Office equipment

5 years

Furniture and

fixtures

7 years

## Property and Equipment (Tables)

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

Schedule of Property and Equipment

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

Property and equipment as of December 31, 2021, and 2020 is summarized as follows:

| 2021  2020  Furniture and fixtures  $  43,152  $  43,152  Office equipment  12,321  12,231  Subtotal  55,473  55,473  Less accumulated depreciation  (46,949)  (40,556)  Property and equipment, net  $  8,524  $  14,917   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Equity Method Investment (Tables)

## Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract]

Summary of Financial Information of Subsidiaries

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

The following represents summarized financial information of PVI for the year ended December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| Income statement  2021  2020  Revenue  $  147,059  $  620,337  Cost of goods sold  1,325  2,565  Gross margin  145,734  617,772  Operating expenses  (2,889,211)  (1,471,271)  Gain on dispensary equity sale  2,300,000  -  Net loss  $  (443,477)  (853,499)  Balance sheet  Current assets  $  1,550,602  $  77,402  Non-current assets  $  673,880  $  163,109  Current liabilities  $  2,011,445  $  1,280,251  Non-Current liabilities  $  1,690,783  $  1,280,251   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes Payable, Related Party (Tables)

## Notes Payable Related Party

Schedule of Notes Payable Related Party Transactions

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

Notes payable, related party, are comprised of the following as of December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020:

| Noteholder  Due  Interest  Rate  Secured  2021  2020  Sky Island, Inc.  Demand  0%  No  $  -  $  8,015  Eric Kennedy  Demand  0%  No  30,000  30,000  Rob Novinger  Demand  0%  No  30,851  30,851  Neu-Ventures, Inc.  Demand  0%  No  826,067  788,309  Total  $886,918  $857,175   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Settlement Payable (Tables)

## Settlement Payable

Schedule of Settlement

Payable

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

At December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, advances on agreements balance consist of the following:

| Noteholder  2021  2020  Investor Three  $  615,000  $  615,000  Settlement Payable  $  615,000  $  615,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Advances on Agreements (Tables)

## Advances On Agreements Schedule of Advance on Agreement

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

At December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, advances on agreements balance consist of the following:

| Noteholder  2021  2020  Investor One and Investor Two  $  169,000  $  169,000  Advances on Agreements  $  169,000  $  169,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Income Taxes (Tables)

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Schedule of Effective Income Tax The reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate is as follows as of December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| 2021  2020  U.S. federal statutory tax rate  21.0%  21.0%  State tax, net of federal tax benefit  7.0%  6.6%  Related party interest  -%  (1.0)%  Change in valuation allowance  (28.0)%  (26.6)%  Other  0.0%  0.0%  Total deferred tax assets  0.0%  0.0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets The principal components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows as of December 31, 2021, and 2020:

| 2021  2020  Net operating loss carryforwards  $  1,868,691  $  1,654,858  Stock-based compensation  800,552  705,408  Accruals and reserves  1,494,837  1,494,837  Other  17,867  17,867  Fixed assets  2,185  2,185  Total deferred tax assets  4,184,132  3,875,155  Valuation allowance  (4,184,132)  (3,875,155)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2021

20.00%

20.00%

10.00%

49.00%

## 1 Months Ended

Description of Business (Details Narrative) Jan. 17, 2020 USD ($) shares Jan. 17, 2020 USD ($) shares Mar. 19, 2019 $ / shares shares Mar. 22, 2017 USD ($) Jul. 31, 2020 USD ($) Jun. 30, 2020 Mar. 31, 2019 shares Dec. 31, 2021 $ / shares Feb. 11, 2021 shares Dec. 31, 2020 $ / shares Feb. 11, 2020 shares Dec. 31, 2019 a

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other

than Collaborative [Line

Items]

Preferred stock, par value | $ /

shares

Equity method investment ownership, percentage

Capital Growth Investments

Inc [Member]

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other

than Collaborative [Line

Items]

Equity method investment ownership, percentage

Universal Herbal Center Inc

[Member]

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other

than Collaborative [Line

Items]

Equity method investment ownership, percentage

PXI [Member]

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other

than Collaborative [Line

Items]

Equity method investment ownership, percentage

PXI II [Member]

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other

than Collaborative [Line

Items]

Equity method investment ownership, percentage

Pineapple Ventures, Inc.,

[Member] | Nordhoff Leases,

Inc [Member]

Collaborative Arrangement and Arrangement Other

than Collaborative [Line

Items]

Area of land | a

Percentage of entities owned

Proceed from sale of cannabis licenses | $

Proceeds from sale of cannabis license, percentage

15.00%

$

2,870,000

15.00%

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

$

0.0000001

45.17%

$

0.0000001

45.17%

38,875

15.00%

<!-- image -->

## Schedule of Consolidated Subsidiaries and/or Entities (Details)

12 Months Ended

Dec. 31, 2021

THC Industries, LLC [Member] Name of subsidiary THC Industries, LLC Entity incorporation state country name California Date of incorporation 12/23/2015 (formed) 2/16/2016 (acquired by us) Minority interest ownership percentage 100.00% Pineapple Park, LLC [Member] Name of subsidiary Pineapple Park, LLC Entity incorporation state country name California Date of incorporation 6/27/2017 Minority interest ownership percentage 100.00% Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc. [Member] Name of subsidiary Pineapple Express Consulting, Inc Entity incorporation state country name California Date of incorporation 3/16/2017 Minority interest ownership percentage 100.00%

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives Property and Equipment (Details) Dec. 31, 2021

Office Equipment [Member]

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property plant and equipment useful lives 5 years

Furniture and Fixtures [Member]

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

Property plant and equipment useful lives 7 years

## 12 Months Ended Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line

Items]

Cash, FDIC insured amount $ 0 $ 0

Convertible Debt Securities [Member]

## Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]

Antidilutive securities option or warrants 0 0

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| 12 Months Ended  Going Concern (Details  Narrative) - USD ($)  Dec. 31,  2021  Dec. 31,  2020  Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements  [Abstract]  Accumulated deficit  $ 15,672,308 $ 14,567,489  Net loss  1,104,819  1,148,828  Net cash used in operating activities  53,125  $ 543,624  Cash proceeds from sale of common stock  23,075  Common stock issued for cash  $ 284,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

(Details Narrative) - USD ($)

Related Party Transaction

[Line Items]

Deposit on stock purchase agreement - related party

Subsequent Event [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Percentage of shares exchanged

Deposits

Agreement terms

CGI Agreement [Member]

Related Party Transaction

[Line Items]

Number of shares acquired

Percentage of shares exchanged

Aggregate purchase value

Shareholder Agreement

[Member]

Related Party Transaction

[Line Items]

Percentage of shares exchanged

Deposits

Agreement terms

May 05, 2022

$ 195,000

Should the

Company be unable to fund the

balance of

$805,000 by June

30, 2022, the transaction will

be cancelled, and all deposits would

be returned to the

Company

Mar.

31,

2022

50.00%

$

805,000

Nov. 26, 2021

Should the Buyer be unable to fund the balance of $900,000

Aug. 07,

2021

50,000

50.00%

$

1,000,000

5

Months

Ended

Dec.

31,

2021

$

100,000

50.00%

$

900,000

Dec.

31,

2020

Shareholder Agreement [Member] | Subsequent Event [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Deposits

Shareholder Agreement [Member] | Equity Method Investee [Member]

## Related Party Transaction [Line Items]

Refundable deposits

$

900,000

by March 31, 2022, the transaction shall be cancelled and the refundable deposit of $100,000 shall be returned to the Company. In March of 2022, the parties mutually agreed to extend the closing date to June 30, 2022

$ 100,000

## Schedule of Property and Equipment (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]

| Subtotal  $ 55,473  $ 55,473  Less accumulated depreciation  (46,949)  (40,556)  Property and equipment, net  8,524  14,917  Furniture and Fixtures [Member]  Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]  Subtotal  43,152  43,152  Office Equipment [Member]  Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]  Subtotal  $ 12,321  $ 12,231   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Months Ended Property and Equipment (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]

Depreciation expense $ 6,393 $ 6,861

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Summary of Financial Information of Subsidiaries (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

| Revenue  Operating expenses  976,386  668,418  Net loss  (1,104,819)  (1,148,828)  Current assets  Current liabilities  3,065,044  2,773,936  Pineapple Ventures, Inc., [Member]  Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]  Revenue  147,059  620,337  Cost of goods sold  1,325  2,565  Gross margin  145,734  617,772  Operating expenses  (2,889,211)  (1,471,271)  Gain on dispensary equity sale  2,300,000  Net loss  (443,477)  (853,499)  Current assets  1,550,602  77,402  Non-current assets  673,880  163,109  Current liabilities  2,011,445  1,280,251  Non-Current liabilities  $ 1,690,783  $ 1,280,251   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Equity Method Investment (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Jan. 17, 2020 Jan. 17, 2020 Mar. 19, 2019 Jan. 31, 2020 Mar. 31, 2019 Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Dec. 31, 2019 Feb. 11, 2021 Feb. 11, 2020

Investment cost

$

11,000,000

## Investment option price $ 0.55 Equity method investment ownership percentage 45.17% 45.17% Loss from equity investment $ 200,318 $ 388,099 Equity method investments $ $

9,288,298

45.17%

9,488,616

50.00%

1,080,275

Pineapple Ventures, Inc.,

[Member] | Mr. Ortega

[Member]

Existing loan cancelled

Capital stock shares issued

Equity method investments shares owned

Equity method investment ownership percentage

Common Stock [Member]

Number of stock issued during the period converted

Issuance of common shares for equity method investment

Equity method investment ownership percentage

Share Exhange Agreement

[Member] | Pineapple

Ventures, Inc., [Member]

Acquisition percentage

Share Exhange Agreement

[Member] | Pineapple

Ventures, Inc., [Member] |

Series A Convertible Preferred

Stock [Member]

Convertible preferred stock shares converted upon

issuance

Number of stock issued during the period converted

$

1,062,000

10,000

$

1,062,000

10,000

50.00%

20,000,000

2,000,000

50.00%

2,000,000

20,000,000

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

10,000,000

10,000,000

50.00%

4,827

45,173

10,000

## 12 Months Ended Leases (Details Narrative) USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020Jan. 02, 2019

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Lease expiration date Jun. 30, 2020 Extended lease term 3 years Right-of-use asset $ 122,985 Lease liability $ 122,985 Incremental borrowing lease percentage 25.00% Lease expense $ 0 $ 42,489 Lease payments 0 42,856 Amortization of operating lease right-of-use-asset 40,775 Payments of rent 12,000 $ 3,750 Pineapple Ventures, Inc., [Member]

## Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]

Payments of rent $ 1,000

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Notes Payable Related Party Transactions (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Short-term Debt [Line Items]

Notes payable $ 886,918 $ 857,175 Sky Island, Inc., [Member]

## Short-term Debt [Line Items]

Due Demand Demand Interest rate 0.00% 0.00% Secured No No Notes payable $ 8,015

Eric Kennedy [Member]

## Short-term Debt [Line Items]

Due Demand Demand Interest rate 0.00% 0.00% Secured No No Notes payable $ 30,000 $ 30,000

Rob Novinger [Member]

## Short-term Debt [Line Items]

Due Demand Demand Interest rate 0.00% 0.00% Secured No No Notes payable $ 30,851 $ 30,851 Neu-Ventures, Inc. [Member]

## Short-term Debt [Line Items]

| Due Demand Demand Interest rate 0.00% 0.00% Secured No No Notes payable $ 826,067 $ 788,309   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 1 Months Ended  12 Months  Ended  Notes Payable, Related Party  (Details Narrative) - USD ($)  Aug.  07,  2021  Dec.  31,  2021  Jan.  31,  2021  May  31,  2019  Dec.  31,  2021  Dec.  31,  2020  Dec. 17,  2020  Jan. 31,  2020  Jan. 02,  2020  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure  [Line Items]  Notes payable, related party  $  886,918  $  886,918  $  857,175  Amount payable  $  1,062,000  Accrued interest  $ 312,891  Gain on extinguishment of debt  $  77,360  Percentage of equity ownership  interest  45.17%  45.17% 45.17%  Proceeds from advance  $  58,075  $  551,824  Common stock issued for debt  extinguishment  120,000  Repayments of related party  288,9508,200  Neu-Ventures, Inc. [Member]  ## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Amount payable  $  826,067  826,067788,309  Proceeds from advance  $  23,075  592,028  Payment for cash  253,950  Corporate expenses  110,437  Consulting fees  $  108,197  Number of shares issued  200,000  Common stock issued for debt  extinguishment  120,000  Repayments of related party  9,000  Neu-Ventures, Inc. [Member] |  Capital Growth Investment, Inc  [Member] | Stock Purchase  Agreement [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure  [Line Items]  Shares issed for acquisition, value $  100,000  Shares issed for acquisition  50,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Eric Kennedy [Member]

Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure

[Line Items]

Amount payable

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

Gain on settlement of related party debt

Related party notes payable

Payments to notes

Debt instrument principal and interest

Rob Novinger [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Amount payable 30,851 Gain on settlement of related party debt 5,851 Related party notes payable 30,851 Sky Island, Inc., [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Notes payable, related party

Accrued interest

Percentage of equity ownership interest

Interest expenses

Interest paid

Sky Island, Inc., [Member] |

Jaime Ortega Agreement

[Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Accrued interest

Mr. Jaime Ortega [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Amount payable 8,015 8,015 $ 8,015 Accrued interest $ 45,637 45,637

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

30,000

0

$ 0

48.20%

$

45,637

$

35,000

36,000

35,000

10,000

$

5,000

$

30,000

0

$ 0

$

45,637

48.20% 49.60%

$ 0

0

45,637

$

53,821

0

30,000

5,000

$

1,757,124

Debt renewals or extension

Gain on extinguishment of debt $ 53,652

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## $

1,000,000

| ## 12 Months Ended Notes Payable (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Jan. 31, 2020 Jul. 02, 2016  ## Short-term Debt [Line Items]  Principal amount $ 1,062,000  Accrued interest $ 312,891 Line of Credit [Member]  ## Short-term Debt [Line Items]  Line of credit $ 27,313 $ 27,313 Principal amount 19,838 19,838 Accrued interest $ 7,475 $ 7,475  Better Business Consultants, Inc. [Member] | Line of Credit  [Member]  ## Short-term Debt [Line Items]  Notes payable $ 25,000 Debt instrument term 6 months   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Settlement Payable (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Settlement Payable $ 615,000 $ 615,000 Investor Three [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Investor Three $ 615,000 $ 615,000

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

12 Months Ended

| Settlement Payable (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020 Dec. 31, 2018 Dec. 31, 2015  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Loss on settlement of debt  $ 77,360  Investor Three [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Note payable  $ 200,000  Loss on settlement of debt  $ 615,000  $ 97,800  Investor Three [Member] | Revenue Share Agreement  [Member]  Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]  Advances on agreements  $ 750,000  Due to related party  825,000  Deferred finance cost  $ 75,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Schedule of Advance on Agreement (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020Dec. 31, 2018

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Advances on agreements $ 169,000 $ 169,000 Investor One and Investor Two [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Advances on agreements $ 169,000 $ 169,000 $ 187,500

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## Advances on Agreements (Details Narrative) - USD ($)

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Rent payment

Advances on agreements current

Number of shares issued, value

Additional expense

Advances on agreements

Investor One [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Advances on agreements current

Number of shares issued, value

$

200,000

Installment payments

10,000

Interest expense

$ 4,125

Investor One [Member] | Binding

Letter of Intent One [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Payments to purchased property

$

125,000

Repurchase the financed property

187,500

Rent payment

$ 3,750

Advances from related party

Escrow deposit

Number of shares issued

Number of shares issued, value

Investor One [Member] | Binding

Letter of Intent Two [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Advances on agreements current

Investor Two [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Escrow deposit

Feb.

28,

2019

20,000

$

10,000

Mar.

18,

2016

Feb.

16,

2016

## 12 Months Ended

Dec.

Dec.

31,

Dec. 31,

2021

$

12,000

2020

$ 3,750

169,000169,000

5,500,000

5,475

187,500

191,625

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

63,490

0

31,

2019

Dec.

31,

2018

Mar.

31,

2016

$

125,000

$

40,768

$

Mar.

22,

2016

Investor Two [Member] | Binding

Letter of Intent One [Member]

Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure

[Line Items]

Deferred liability 62,500 Investor Two [Member] | Binding Letter of Intent Two [Member]

Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure

[Line Items]

Payments to purchased property $ 350,000 Repurchase the financed property 500,000 Escrow deposit 165,768 Purchase price of property $ 515,000 Investor Two [Member] | Binding Letter of Intent [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Forfeited escrow deposits

Investor One And Two [Member] |

Binding Letter of Intent One

[Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Investment as note payable 125,000 Investor One and Investor Two [Member]

## Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure [Line Items]

Advances on agreements current

Number of shares issued, value

11,000

## Additional expense 8,375 Debt periodic payment $

10,000

20,000

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Reduced value

Advances on agreements

Investor One and Investor Two

[Member] | Binding Letter of Intent

One [Member]

Defined Benefit Plan Disclosure

[Line Items]

Number of shares issued

169,000$ 169,000

$ 0

$

1,000

$

187,500

$

165,768

## 12 Months Ended Stockholders' Equity (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020Dec. 31, 2019

Class of Stock [Line Items] Capital stock authorized to issue 525,000,000 525,000,000 Capital stock, par value $ 0.0000001 $ 0.0000001 Preferred stock, shares authorized 20,000,000 20,000,000 Common stock shares designated 500,000,000 500,000,000 Preferred stock, shares issued 0 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 0 Common stock, shares issued 91,163,569 88,461,200 Common stock, shares outstanding 91,163,569 88,461,200 Number of shares sold 2,630,000 Common stock to be issued for cash $ 284,000 Number of share issued for service 1,490,000 10,000,000 Number of share issued for service value $ 340,000 $ 80,800 $ 5,500,000 Common stock pursuant 1,829,631 Stock issued for exchange of debt, shares 555,275 Debt settlements, value $ 440,220 Related party note payable extinguishment $ 77,360 Equity method investment ownership, percentage 45.17% 45.17% Common Stock [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Common stock, shares issued 10,000,000 Number of share issued for service 1,570,000 490,000 Number of share issued for service value Number of shares issued for service 525,000 Related party note payable extinguishment $ 120,000 Equity method investment ownership, percentage 50.00% Neu Venture, Inc [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Number of share issued for service 200,000 Number of share issued for service value $ 50,000 Directors Consultants and Officers [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Number of share issued for service 1,570,000 Number of share issued for service value $ 340,000 Director [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Number of share issued for service 132,000 Number of share issued for service value $ 33,000 Series A Convertible Preferred Stock [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Preferred stock, shares authorized 5,000,000 5,000,000

## Preferred stock, shares issued 0 0 Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 0 Preferred Stock [Member]

## Class of Stock [Line Items]

Preferred stock, shares authorized 20,000,000 20,000,000

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

Commitments and

Contingencies (Details

Narrative) - USD ($)

Settlement Agreement [Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

## Stock subscription receivable $ $

1,000,000

1,000,000

1,000,000

60,000

30,851

900,000

615,000

1,000,000

Stock option exercise

Settlement Agreement [Member] | Salem

[Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Number of shares cancelled during the period

Settlement Agreement [Member] | Salem

[Member] | Common Stock [Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Number of stock retained

Settlement Agreement [Member] |

Arbitration Award [Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Number of shares issued for settlement, value

Pineapple Express, Inc. [Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Put option payable

Stock subscription receivable

Contingent liabilities

Stock subscriptions payable

Settlement shares issued

Stipulated judgment claimed

Judgement debtor's amount

Hawkeye v. Pineapple Express, Inc

[Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Plaintiff claimed damages

Claims from court

Sharper, Inc v.Pineapple Express, Inc

[Member]

Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

May

11,

2021

Apr. 08,

2021

$

1,000,000

1,829,631

400,000

$ 100,000

Jan.

22,

2018

Dec.

11,

2017

1

Months

Ended

Feb. 29,

2020

$ 40,000

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

12 Months Ended

Dec. 31,

Dec. 31,

2021

2020

Dec.

31,

2019

$

40,000

$

444,220

Amount in controversy 32,500 Principal amount 15,375 Contingent liabilities 18,692 18,692 Cunningham Pineapple Express, Inc [Member]

## Loss Contingencies [Line Items] 47,674

Judgement enforcement value $ Cunningham v.Pineapple Express, Inc [Member]

## Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Judgment award transitioned $ 2,367 The Hit Channel, Inc v.Pineapple Express, Inc [Member]

## Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Restricted stock $ 40,000 Restricted stock 555,275 StoryCorp Consulting, dba Wells Compliance Group [Member]

## Loss Contingencies [Line Items]

Contingent liabilities 23,805 Judgment award transitioned 15,000 Defendant $ 29,280 Accrued expenses $ 29,280 Russ Schamun [Member]

## Loss Contingencies [Line Items] Contingent liabilities $ 7,500 $ 7,500

Copyright © 2022 www.secdatabase.com. All Rights Reserved.

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Schedule of Effective Income Tax (Details) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020

Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

| U.S. federal statutory tax rate 21.00% 21.00% State tax, net of federal tax benefit 7.00% 6.60% Related party interest (1.00%) Change in valuation allowance (28.00%) (26.60%) Other 0.00% 0.00% Total deferred tax assets 0.00% 0.00%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| ## Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets (Details) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021Dec. 31, 2020  ## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]  Net operating loss carryforwards  $ 1,868,691  $ 1,654,858  Stock-based compensation  800,552  705,408  Accruals and reserves  1,494,837  1,494,837  Other  17,867  17,867  Fixed assets  2,185  2,185  Total deferred tax assets  4,184,132  3,875,155  Valuation allowance  (4,184,132)  (3,875,155)  Net deferred tax assets   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

## 12 Months Ended Income Taxes (Details Narrative) - USD ($) Dec. 31, 2021 Dec. 31, 2020

## Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]

Deferred tax valuation allowances percentage 100.00%

Operating loss carryforwards for federal income $ 6,973,000

Operating loss carryforwards for state income

$ 5,789,000

$ 6,209,000

$ 5,025,000

Operating loss carryforwards expiration expire beginning in 2036

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

| Subsequent Events (Details  Narrative) - Subsequent  Event [Member] - USD ($)  May 05, 2022  Mar.  31,  2022  Subsequent Event [Line  Items]  Payment to equity method  investment  $ 95,000  Capital growth investments  50.00%  Deposits  $ 195,000  $  805,000  Percentage of shares  exchanged  50.00%  Agreement terms  Should the Company be unable to fund the balance of $805,000 by June  30, 2022, the transaction will be cancelled, and all deposits would be  returned to the Company   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Please Consider the Environment Before Printing This Document

{

"instance": {

"form10-k.htm": {

"axisCustom": 0,

"axisStandard": 15,

"contextCount": 17

,

"dts": {

"calculationLink": {

"local": [

"pnpl-2021

]

},

"definitionLink": {

"local": [

"pnpl-2021

]

},

"inline": {

"local": [

"form10-k.htm"

]

},

"labelLink": {

"local": [

"pnpl-2021

]

},

"presentationLink": {

"local": [

"pnpl-2021

]

},

"schema": {

"local": [

"pnpl-2021

],

"remote": [

"ht p:/

w

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

w

w

w

w

w

w

w

p:/

w

ps:/ w

231\_pre.xml"

231.xsd"

w.xbrl.org/20

w.xbrl.org/20

w.xbrl.org/20

w.xbrl.org/20

w.xbrl.org/20

w.xbrl.org/20

w.xbrl.org/lr w.xbrl.org/lr

3/xbrl-instance-20 3-12-31.xsd",

3/xbrl-linkbase-20 3-12-31.xsd",

3/xl-20 3-12-31.xsd",

3/xlink-20 3-12-31.xsd",

5/xbrldt-20

5.xsd",

6/ref-20

6-02-27.xsd",

/role/negated-20

9-12-16.xsd",

/role/net-20 9-12-16.xsd", w.xbrl.org/lr

/role/reference-20 9-12-16.xsd", w.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd",

ps:/ w w.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd",

ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-2021-01-31.xsd", ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-roles-2021-01-31.xsd",

ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-types-2021-01-31.xsd", ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/us-ga p/2021/elts/us-ga

p-2021-01-31.xsd", ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/us-ga p/2021/elts/us-roles-2021-01-31.xsd",

ps:/ xbrl.fasb.org/us-ga p/2021/elts/us-types-2021-01-31.xsd", ps:/ xbrl.sec.gov/country/2021/country-2021.xsd",

ps:/ xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021q4/dei-2021q4.xsd"

231\_lab.xml"

231\_def.xml"

231\_cal.xml"

}

},

"elementCount": 464,

"entityCount": 1,

"hid en": {

"ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga

"ht p:/

p/2021-01-31": 49, pineap

231": 25, le

xpres .com/2021

"ht p:/

xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021q4": 3,

"total": 7

},

"keyCustom": 83,

"keyStandard": 21

,

"memberCustom": 46,

"memberStandard": 1 ,

"nsprefix": "PNPL",

"nsuri": "ht p:/ pineap

"report": {

"R1": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"b",

"span",

"p",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "dei:DocumentType",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "document",

"isDefault": "true",

"longName": "0 0

01 - Document - Cover",

0

"role": "ht p:/

pineap xpres .com/role/Cover",

le

"shortName": "Cover",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"b",

"span",

"p",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "dei:DocumentType",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

]

}

},

"R10": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

10 - Disclosure - Deposit on stock purchase agre ment \u2013 related party",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/DepositOnStockPurchaseAgre mentRelatedParty",

pineap

"shortName": "Deposit on stock purchase agre ment \u2013 related party",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R1 ": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

1  - Disclosure - Property and Equipment",

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/PropertyAndEquipment", le

pineap

"shortName": "Property and Equipment",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R12": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

12 - Disclosure - Equity Method Investment",

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/EquityMethodInvestment", le

pineap

"shortName": "Equity Method Investment",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R13": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:Les

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

13 - Disclosure - Leases",

0

"role": "ht p:/

pineap xpres .com/role/Leases",

le

"shortName": "Leases",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:Les

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R14": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:NotesPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

14 - Disclosure - Notes Payable, Related Party",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/NotesPayableRelatedParty",

pineap

"shortName": "Notes Payable, Related Party",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:NotesPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R15": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:DebtDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

15 - Disclosure - Notes Payable",

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/NotesPayable", le

pineap

"shortName": "Notes Payable",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:DebtDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R16": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:Set

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

16 - Disclosure - Set lement Payable",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/Set

pineap lementPayable",

"shortName": "Set lement Payable",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:Set

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R17": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:AdvancesOnAgre mentsTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

17 - Disclosure - Advances on Agre

0

ments",

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/AdvancesOnAgre le

pineap

"shortName": "Advances on Agre ments",

ments",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:AdvancesOnAgre mentsTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R18": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

18 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/StockholdersEquity",

pineap

"shortName": "Stockholders\u2019 Equity",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R19": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:Com

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

19 - Disclosure - Com itments and Contingencies",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/Com

pineap itmentsAndContingencies",

"shortName": "Com itments and Contingencies",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:Com

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R2": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet",

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "statement",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

02 - Statement - Consolidated Balance She ts",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/BalanceShe ts",

pineap

"shortName": "Consolidated Balance She ts",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:OtherAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R20": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

20 - Disclosure - Income Taxes",

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/IncomeTaxes", le

pineap

"shortName": "Income Taxes",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R21": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

21 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events",

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/SubsequentEvents", le

pineap

"shortName": "Subsequent Events",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R2 ": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:SignificantAc

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:BasisOfAc

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

2  - Disclosure - Sum ary of Significant Ac

0

"role": "ht p:/

ountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock", ounting Policies (Policies)",

le xpres .com/role/Sum

pineap aryOfSignificantAc

"shortName": "Sum ary of Significant Ac ountingPoliciesPolicies",

ounting Policies (Policies)",

"subGroupType": "policies",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:SignificantAc

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:BasisOfAc

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R23": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfSubsidiaryOfLimitedLiabilityCompanyOrLimitedPartnershipDescriptionTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

23 - Disclosure - Sum ary of Significant Ac

0

"role": "ht p:/

ounting Policies (Tables)", le

xpres .com/role/Sum pineap

aryOfSignificantAc

"shortName": "Sum ary of Significant Ac ountingPoliciesTables",

ounting Policies (Tables)",

"subGroupType": "tables",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:ScheduleOfSubsidiaryOfLimitedLiabilityCompanyOrLimitedPartnershipDescriptionTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock",

p:SignificantAc ountingPoliciesTextBlock",

}

},

"R24": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

24 - Disclosure - Property and Equipment (Tables)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/PropertyAndEquipmentTables",

pineap

"shortName": "Property and Equipment (Tables)",

"subGroupType": "tables",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R25": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

25 - Disclosure - Equity Method Investment (Tables)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/EquityMethodInvestmentTables",

pineap

"shortName": "Equity Method Investment (Tables)",

"subGroupType": "tables",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R26": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"PNPL:NotesPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:ScheduleOfNotesPayableRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

0

26 - Disclosure - Notes Payable, Related Party (Tables)",

"role": "ht p:/

pineap le

xpres .com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyTables",

"shortName": "Notes Payable, Related Party (Tables)",

"subGroupType": "tables",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"PNPL:NotesPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "PNPL:ScheduleOfNotesPayableRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R27": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"PNPL:Set lementPayableTextBlock", le

xpres

.com/2021 231", e OperatingLeasesTextBlock",

e OperatingLeasesTextBlock", lementPayableTextBlock",

lementPayableTextBlock", ets",

itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock",

ountingPoliciesTextBlock", ountingPoliciesTextBlock",

ountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock",

"body", ative)",

<!-- image -->

}

},

"segmentCount": 62,

"tag": {

"PNPL\_Ac ountsPayableAndAc ruedLiabilitiesRelatedPartyCur

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht pineap le

p:/

xpres

"order": 2.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"R4 ": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:Set

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

0

4  - Disclosure - Schedule of Set lement Payable (Details)",

"role": "ht p:/

pineap le

xpres .com/role/ScheduleOfSet lementPayableDetails",

"shortName": "Schedule of Set lement Payable (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"PNPL:ScheduleOfSet lementPayablesTableTextBlock",

"PNPL:Set lementPayableTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31\_custom\_InvestorThre

"decimals": "0",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:AdvancesOnAgre mentsOfSet lementPayableCur ent",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R45": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:GainsLos esOnExtinguishmentOfDebt",

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

45 - Disclosure - Set lement Payable (Details Nar ative)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/Set

pineap lementPayableDetailsNar

ative",

"shortName": "Set lement Payable (Details Nar

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"PNPL:Set lementPayableTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2018-12-31\_custom\_InvestorThre

Member",

"decimals": "0",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:NotesPayable",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

ative)",

}

},

"R46": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"PNPL:ScheduleOfAdvanceOnAgre mentTableTextBlock",

"PNPL:AdvancesOnAgre mentsTextBlock",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:AdvancesOnAgre mentsCur

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

46 - Disclosure - Schedule of Advance on Agre

0

ment (Details)",

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/ScheduleOfAdvanceOnAgre mentDetails", le

pineap

"shortName": "Schedule of Advance on Agre ment (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": nul

},

"R47": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:PaymentsForRent",

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

ments (Details Nar

47 - Disclosure - Advances on Agre

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/AdvancesOnAgre le

pineap

"shortName": "Advances on Agre mentsDetailsNar

ments (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"span",

"p",

"PNPL:AdvancesOnAgre

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2020-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:Set

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R48": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:CapitalUnitsAuthorized",

"span",

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:CapitalUnitsAuthorized",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Shares",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

48 - Disclosure - Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Details Nar

0

ative)",

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/StockholdersEquityDetailsNar ative", le

pineap

"shortName": "Stockholders\u2019 Equity (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"us-ga p:CapitalUnitsAuthorized",

"span",

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:CapitalUnitsAuthorized",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Shares",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R49": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31\_custom\_Set

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:StockSubscriptionReceivable",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

49 - Disclosure - Com itments and Contingencies (Details Nar ative)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

pineap le

xpres .com/role/Com itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar ative",

"shortName": "Com itments and Contingencies (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31\_custom\_Set

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:StockSubscriptionReceivable",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R5": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2019-12-31\_us-ga

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:StockholdersEquity",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "statement",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

05 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity",

0

"role": "ht p:/

pineap le

xpres .com/role/StatementsOfStockholdersEquity",

"shortName": "Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2019-12-31\_us-ga

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:StockholdersEquity",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R50": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfEf ectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Ef ectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

50 - Disclosure - Schedule of Ef ective Income Tax (Details)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/ScheduleOfEf ectiveIncomeTaxDetails",

pineap

"shortName": "Schedule of Ef ective Income Tax (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfEf ectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Ef ectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R51": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfDefer edTaxAs etsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Defer edTaxAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

51 - Disclosure - Schedule of Defer ed Tax As

0

ets (Details)",

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/ScheduleOfDefer edTaxAs etsDetails", le

pineap

"shortName": "Schedule of Defer ed Tax As ets (Details)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"us-ga p:ScheduleOfDefer edTaxAs etsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "AsOf2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:Defer edTaxAs

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

}

},

"R52": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:Defer edTaxValuationAl owancesPercentage",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

52 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Details Nar

0

ative)",

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNar ative", pineap

le

"shortName": "Income Taxes (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "INF",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:Defer edTaxValuationAl owancesPercentage",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "Pure",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R53": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From202 -05-04202

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIs uanceCosts",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

53 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details Nar ative)",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNar ative",

pineap

"shortName": "Subsequent Events (Details Nar ative)",

"subGroupType": "details",

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"span",

"p",

"us-ga

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From202 -05-04202

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:PaymentOfFinancingAndStockIs uanceCosts",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R6": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"first": true,

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:NetIncomeLos

"reportCount": 1,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "statement",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

06 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows",

0

"role": "ht p:/

le xpres .com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows",

pineap

"shortName": "Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"td",

"tr",

"table",

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2020-01-012020-12-31",

"decimals": "0",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "PNPL:NoncashSet

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R7": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

07 - Disclosure - Description of Busines

0

",

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/DescriptionOfBusines le

pineap

"shortName": "Description of Busines

",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"R8": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SignificantAc

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

08 - Disclosure - Sum ary of Significant Ac

0

"role": "ht p:/

ountingPoliciesTextBlock", ounting Policies",

le xpres .com/role/Sum

pineap aryOfSignificantAc

"shortName": "Sum ary of Significant Ac ounting Policies",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SignificantAc

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

ountingPolicies",

}

},

"R9": {

"firstAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

},

"groupType": "disclosure",

"isDefault": "false",

"longName": "0 0

09 - Disclosure - Going Concern",

0

"role": "ht p:/

xpres .com/role/GoingConcern", le

pineap

"shortName": "Going Concern",

"subGroupType": " ,

"uniqueAnchor": {

"ancestors": [

"body",

"html"

],

"baseRef": "form10-k.htm",

"contextRef": "From2021-01-01to2021-12-31",

"decimals": nul

,

"first": true,

"lang": "en-US",

"name": "us-ga p:SubstantialDoubtAboutGoingConcernTextBlock",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": nul ,

"xsiNil": "false"

}

"decimals": "0",

"lang": nul ,

"name": "us-ga p:LineOfCredit",

"reportCount": 1,

"unique": true,

"unitRef": "USD",

"xsiNil": "false"

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ac ounts payable and ac rued liabilities related party cur ent.",

"label": "Ac ounts payable \u2013 Related party"

}

},

"localname": "Ac ountsPayableAndAc ruedLiabilitiesRelatedPartyCur ent",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le xpres

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/BalanceShe pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Ac ruedExpenses": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ac rued expenses.",

"label": "Ac rued expenses"

ts"

}

},

"localname": "Ac ruedExpenses",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

pineap le xpres

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/Com

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Ac ruedInterestPayableRelatedParty": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht pineap le

p:/

xpres

"order": 4.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga p\_LiabilitiesCur

"weight": 1.0

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Ac rued interest payable related party.",

"label": "Ac rued interest payable related party"

}

},

"localname": "Ac ruedInterestPayableRelatedParty",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le xpres

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/BalanceShe pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_AdjustmentsToAd itionalPaidInCapitalGainOnSet

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Gain of set lements of related party debt.",

"label": "Set lement of debt with related party"

ts"

}

},

"localname": "AdjustmentsToAd itionalPaidInCapitalGainOnSet

"nsuri": "ht lementOfRelatedPartyDebt",

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/StatementsOfStockholdersEquity"

xpres

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_AdvanceOnAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht pineap le

p:/

mentsCur ent": {

xpres

.com/role/BalanceShe

"order": 9.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga p\_LiabilitiesCur

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Advance on agre ments cur ent.",

"label": "Advances on agre ments"

}

},

"localname": "AdvanceOnAgre mentsCur

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht ent",

pineap le xpres

231",

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/BalanceShe pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_AdvancesOnAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Advances on agre ments.",

"label": "Advances on agre ments cur ent",

"verboseLabel": "Advances on agre ments"

mentsCur ent": {

ts"

}

},

"localname": "AdvancesOnAgre mentsCur ent",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht

.com/2021

231", pineap le xpres

xpres pineap le

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/ScheduleOfAdvanceOnAgre mentDetails"

xpres p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_AdvancesOnAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Advances on agre ments, net of unamortized defer ed finance cost.",

"label": "Advances on agre ments, net of unamortized defer ed finance cost",

"verboseLabel": "Advances on agre ments"

mentsNetNoncur ent": {

}

},

"localname": "AdvancesOnAgre mentsNetNoncur ent",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht

231",

.com/2021

pineap le xpres xpres

.com/role/Set pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_AdvancesOnAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Advances on agre ments.",

"label": "Investor Thre "

mentsOfSet lementPayableDetailsNar

lementPayableCur ent": {

}

},

"localname": "AdvancesOnAgre mentsOfSet

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht lementPayableCur

pineap le xpres ent",

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/ScheduleOfSet pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_AdvancesOnAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Advances on Agre lementPayableDetails"

ments [Text Block]",

"label": "Advances on Agre ments"

mentsTextBlock": {

}

},

"localname": "AdvancesOnAgre mentsTextBlock",

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

p:Les e lementPayableRelatedParty",

mentsTextBlock", ent",

OperatingLeasesTextBlock", lementAgre mentsCur

ent",

Member", p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock",

p:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock",

", p\_Com

lementAgre mentMember", p:Com itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock",

p\_Com p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock",

p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock", p:SubsequentEventsTextBlock",

onStockMember", etsTaxCreditCar

p:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock", lementPenalties",

yforwards", yforwards",

p:Com itmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock", lementAgre mentMember",

onStockMember", etsTaxCreditCar

-05-05\_us-ga p\_SubsequentEventMember",

-05-05\_us-ga p\_SubsequentEventMember", ountingPoliciesTextBlock",

.com/role/BalanceShe p\_LiabilitiesCur

ent", ts": {

.com/role/BalanceShe ent",

ts": {

ts": {

ent",

", ent": {

ative)", ative",

ative"

lementOfRelatedPartyDebt": {

ative"

<!-- image -->

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Investor One and Investor Two [Member]",

"label": "Investor One and Investor Two [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "InvestorOneandInvestorTwoMember",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

.com/2021

231",

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

pineap le

"ht p:/

xpres

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative", pineap le

xpres

.com/role/ScheduleOfAdvanceOnAgre mentDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_InvestorThre Member": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Investor Thre

[Member]",

"label": "Investor Thre  [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "InvestorThre Member",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/ScheduleOfSet pineap le

xpres lementPayableDetails",

.com/role/Set lementPayableDetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_InvestorTwoMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Investor Two [Member]",

"label": "Investor Two [Member]"

ative"

}

},

"localname": "InvestorTwoMember",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_JaimeOrtegaAgre mentMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Jaime Ortega Agre ment [Member]",

"label": "Jaime Ortega Agre ment [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "JaimeOrtegaAgre mentMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht

231", xpres

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsNar pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_JudgementContinuingValue": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Judgement continuing value.",

"label": "Judgement enforcement value"

}

},

"localname": "JudgementContinuingValue",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/Com xpres

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_JudgementDebtorsAmount": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Judgement debtor's amount.",

"label": "Judgement debtor's amount"

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

ative"

}

},

"localname": "JudgementDebtorsAmount",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/Com xpres

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Los FromEquityMethodInvestment": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht pineap le

p:/

xpres

"order": 7.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Los from equity method investment.",

"label": "Los from equity method investment"

}

},

"localname": "Los FromEquityMethodInvestment",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

xpres

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_MrJaimeOrtegaMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Mr. Jaime Ortega [Member]",

"label": "Mr. Jaime Ortega [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "MrJaimeOrtegaMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_MrOrtegaMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Mr. Ortega [Member]",

"label": "Mr. Ortega [Member]"

ative"

}

},

"localname": "MrOrtegaMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar pineap le

xpres ative",

.com/role/EquityMethodInvestmentDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NameOfConsolidatedSubsidiaryOrEntity": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Name of consolidated subsidiary or entity.",

"label": "Name of subsidiary"

}

},

"localname": "NameOfConsolidatedSubsidiaryOrEntity",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/ScheduleOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesAndorEntitiesDetails"

xpres

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NeuVentureIncMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Neu Venture, Inc [Member]",

"label": "Neu Venture, Inc [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "NeuVentureIncMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/StockholdersEquityDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NeuVenturesIncMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Neu-Ventures, Inc. [Member]",

"label": "Neu-Ventures, Inc. [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "NeuVenturesIncMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsNar pineap le

xpres ative",

.com/role/ScheduleOfNotesPayableRelatedPartyTransactionsDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NoncashSet

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht pineap le

p:/

lementPenalties": {

xpres

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

"order": 4.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

"weight": 1.0

}

},

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Non cash set lement penalties.",

"label": "Non-cash set lement penalties"

}

},

"localname": "NoncashSet lementPenalties",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Nordhof

LeasesIncMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Nordhof

Leases, Inc [Member].",

"label": "Nordhof  Leases, Inc [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "Nordhof

LeasesIncMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NotesPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Notes payable related party [Text Block]",

"label": "Notes Payable, Related Party"

}

},

"localname": "NotesPayableRelatedPartyTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedParty"

xpres

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NumberOfSharesIs

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Number of shares is ued for set lement, value.",

"label": "Number of shares is ued for set lement, value"

uedForSet lementValue": {

}

},

"localname": "NumberOfSharesIs uedForSet lementValue",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le xpres

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/Com pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_NumberOfStockRetained": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Number of stock retained.",

"label": "Number of stock retained"

itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

},

"localname": "NumberOfStockRetained",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/Com xpres

],

"xbrltype": "sharesItemType"

},

"PNPL\_OperatingLeasesLiability": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Lease liability"

}

}

},

"localname": "OperatingLeasesLiability",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/LeasesDetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_OperatingLeasesRightOfUseAs

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"label": "Right-of-use as

}

}

},

"localname": "OperatingLeasesRightOfUseAs

"nsuri": "ht et",

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/LeasesDetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_OperatingLos Car

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Operating Los

Car yforward Expiration.",

"label": "Operating los  car yforwards expiration"

yforwardExpiration": {

}

},

"localname": "OperatingLos Car yforwardExpiration",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

"presentation": [

"ht

.com/2021

231", pineap le xpres

xpres

.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetailsNar pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PXI IMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "PXI I  [Member]",

"label": "PXI I  [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "PXI IMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PXIMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "PXI [Member]",

"label": "PXI [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "PXIMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PaymentForCash": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Payment for cash.",

"label": "Payment for cash"

}

},

"localname": "PaymentForCash",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PercentageOfEntitiesOwned": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Percentage of entities owned.",

"label": "Percentage of entities owned"

ative"

ative"

}

},

"localname": "PercentageOfEntitiesOwned",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "percentItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PercentageOfSharesExchanged": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Percentage of shares exchanged.",

"label": "Percentage of shares exchanged"

}

},

"localname": "PercentageOfSharesExchanged",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/DepositOnStockPurchaseAgre mentRelatedPartyDetailsNar ative", pineap le

xpres

.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "percentItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PercentageProce dsFromSaleOfCan

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Percentage proce abis licenses.",

ds from sale of can

"label": "Proce ds from sale of can abis license, percentage"

}

},

"localname": "PercentageProce dsFromSaleOfCan abisLicenses",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar xpres

pineap le p:/

],

"xbrltype": "percentItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Pineap leExpres ConsultingIncMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Pineap

Consulting, Inc. [Member]", le Expres

"label": "Pineap le Expres  Consulting, Inc. [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "Pineap leExpres ConsultingIncMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/ScheduleOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesAndorEntitiesDetails"

xpres

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Pineap leExpres IncMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Pineap

, Inc. [Member]", le Expres

"label": "Pineap le Expres , Inc. [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "Pineap leExpres IncMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/Com xpres

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Pineap leParkL

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Pineap le Park, L C [Member]",

"label": "Pineap le Park, L

C [Member]"

CMember": {

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

},

"localname": "Pineap leParkL

CMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/ScheduleOfConsolidatedSubsidiariesAndorEntitiesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Pineap leVenturesIncMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Pineap le Ventures, Inc., [Member]",

"label": "Pineap le Ventures, Inc., [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "Pineap leVenturesIncMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht

"ht

"ht p:/

p:/

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar pineap le

pineap le pineap le

xpres xpres

xpres ative",

.com/role/EquityMethodInvestmentDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/LeasesDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/Sum aryOfFinancialInformationOfSubsidiariesDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Proce dFromSaleOfCan abisLicenses": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Proce d from sale of can abis licenses.",

"label": "Proce d from sale of can abis licenses"

}

},

"localname": "Proce dFromSaleOfCan abisLicenses",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_ProductRetailAmount": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Product retail amount.",

"label": "Product retail amount"

}

},

"localname": "ProductRetailAmount",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PurchasePriceOfProperty": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Purchase price of property.",

"label": "Purchase price of property"

}

},

"localname": "PurchasePriceOfProperty",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_PutOptionPayable": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Put option payable.",

"label": "Put option payable"

}

},

"localname": "PutOptionPayable",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/Com

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_ReducedValue": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "debit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Reduced value.",

"label": "Reduced value"

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

},

"localname": "ReducedValue",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_RelatedPartyDebtIs

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Related party debt is ued for relief of ac

ounts payable.",

"label": "Related party debt is ued for relief of ac ounts payable"

uedForReliefOfAc ountsPayable": {

}

},

"localname": "RelatedPartyDebtIs uedForReliefOfAc ountsPayable",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_RepaymentOfLeaseObligations": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"calculation": {

"ht pineap le

p:/

xpres

"order": 6.0,

"parentTag": "us-ga p\_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities",

"weight": -1.0

}

},

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Repayment of lease obligation.",

"label": "RepaymentOfLeaseObligations",

"negatedLabel": "Repayment of lease obligations"

}

},

"localname": "RepaymentOfLeaseObligations",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht

231", xpres

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

pineap le p:/

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_RepurchaseFinancedProperty": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Repurchase the financed property within one year of purchase.",

"label": "Repurchase the financed property"

}

},

"localname": "RepurchaseFinancedProperty",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"PNPL\_RevenueShareAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Revenue Share Agre ment [Member]",

"label": "Revenue Share Agre ment [Member]"

mentMember": {

}

},

"localname": "RevenueShareAgre mentMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/Set

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_RobNovingerMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Rob Novinger [Member]",

"label": "Rob Novinger [Member]"

231", lementPayableDetailsNar

}

},

"localname": "RobNovingerMember",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

pineap le xpres

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/ScheduleOfNotesPayableRelatedPartyTransactionsDetails"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Rus SchamunMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Rus

Schamun [Member]",

"label": "Rus

Schamun [Member]"

}

},

"localname": "Rus SchamunMember",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/Com

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_SalemMember": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Salem [Member]",

"label": "Salem [Member]"

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

},

"localname": "SalemMember",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/Com

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_ScheduleOfAdvanceOnAgre mentTableTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Schedule of Advance on Agre

"label": "Schedule of Advance on Agre ment"

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

},

"localname": "ScheduleOfAdvanceOnAgre mentTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

231", p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsTables"

xpres p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"PNPL\_ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyAndEquipmentTableTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives of Property and Equipment [TableText Block]",

"label": "Schedule of Estimated Useful Lives Property and Equipment"

}

},

"localname": "ScheduleOfEstimatedUsefulLivesOfPropertyAndEquipmentTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

.com/2021

231",

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/role/Sum xpres

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"PNPL\_ScheduleOfNotesPayableRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock": {

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Schedule of notes payable related party transactions [Table Text Block]",

"label": "Schedule of Notes Payable Related Party Transactions"

}

},

"localname": "ScheduleOfNotesPayableRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

.com/2021

231",

"presentation": [

"ht

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyTables"

xpres pineap le

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"PNPL\_ScheduleOfSet

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Schedule of Set lement Payables [Table Text Block]",

"label": "Schedule of Set lement Payable"

lementPayablesTableTextBlock": {

}

},

"localname": "ScheduleOfSet lementPayablesTableTextBlock",

"nsuri": "ht pineap le xpres

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

.com/2021

231", xpres

.com/role/Set

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"PNPL\_SeriesAConvertiblePrefer

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Series A Convertible Prefer ed Stock [Member]",

"label": "Series A Convertible Prefer ed Stock [Member]"

edStockMember": {

lementPayableTables"

}

},

"localname": "SeriesAConvertiblePrefer edStockMember",

"nsuri": "ht

.com/2021

p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

231", xpres

.com/role/BalanceShe pineap le

pineap le pineap le

pineap le xpres

xpres xpres

xpres ts",

.com/role/BalanceShe tsParenthetical",

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar ative",

.com/role/EquityMethodInvestmentDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/StockholdersEquityDetailsNar ative"

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

"PNPL\_Set lementAgre

"auth\_ref": [],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Set lement Agre

"label": "Set lement Agre

ment [Member]", ment [Member]"

mentMember": {

}

},

"localname": "Set lementAgre mentMember",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

pineap le xpres

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

pineap le

.com/2021

xpres

.com/role/Com

],

"xbrltype": "domainItemType"

},

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

}

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

ative"

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

ative"

et"

et": {

231", itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

ative"

ative"

abisLicenses": {

ative"

aryOfSignificantAc ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows": {

ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

ative"

ment [Table Text Block]", ountingPoliciesTables"

ative"

<!-- image -->

"presentation": [

"ht p:/

pineap le

],

"xbrltype": "bo leanItemType"

xpres

.com/role/Cover"

},

"localname": "DirectorMember",

<!-- image -->

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31",

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

],

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"ht p:/

pineap le xpres

.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsNar ative"

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

}

<!-- image -->

"localname": "Los ContingencyDamagesPaidValue", angements, under which bor owings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normal y be clas ified as cur ent liabilities but for which (a) postbalance she t date is uance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agre ment that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the fol owing conditions are met (1) the agre ment does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agre ment is expected to be financial y capable of honoring the agre

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

fore Print

T

i

rved.

Docum nt ment.",

owed, or set ling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.",

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

"lang": {

"en-us": {

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

<!-- image -->

Copyright © 20

2 w w.secdat

base.com. Al  Rights Res

Please Consider the Environment B

rved.

fore Print

T

i

Docum nt

}

},

"std\_ref": {

"r0": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "6",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "65",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "105",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "205",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r10": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 201.5-02(25) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r10

": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(i

) ",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-12 690"

},

"r101": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)(2)

",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-12 690"

},

"r102": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(h)

",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-12 690"

},

"r103": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.4-08(k)(1)

",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e23780-12 690"

},

"r104": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-04(a) ",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120395691&amp;loc=d3e24072-12 690"

},

"r105": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Topic": "235",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=212 369"

},

"r106": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "23",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r107": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "24",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r108": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r109": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(2)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 ": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 201.5-02(26) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r1 0": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)(3)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 1": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 2": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 3": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 4": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 5": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 6": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 7": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 8": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "250",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r1 9": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r12": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(1)

",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r120": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r121": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r12

": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "5

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r123": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r124": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "60B",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r125": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "7",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r126": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r127": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r128": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124

},

"r129": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "15",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "5 ",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r13": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(10) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r130": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "52",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "5 ",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "260",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r131": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r132": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r13

": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6373

},

"r134": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "272",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6373

},

"r135": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r136": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e5967-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r137": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e6161-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r138": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "12",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e6191-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r139": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "4",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e6061-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r14": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(1

) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r140": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "8",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e6132-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r141": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "9",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "275",

"URI": "ht p:/

393423&amp;loc=d3e6143-108592"

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9

},

"r142": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r143": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r14

": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r145": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(h)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r146": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2

",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r147": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "25",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r148": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r149": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r15": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(12) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r150": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r151": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "30",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r152": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "31",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r153": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r154": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(b)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r15

": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r156": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(d)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r157": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "32",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(f)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r158": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "40",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r159": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "41",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r16": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(13) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"r160": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "42",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "280",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123

},

"r161": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124259787&amp;loc=d3e4647-1

},

"r162": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 4.E)",

"Topic": "310",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 0383

},

"r163": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "10",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "320",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12358174 &amp;loc=d3e27405-1

},

"r164": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "2",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "25",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=125

},

"r165": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "45",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109237563&amp;loc=d3e3

},

"r16

": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(1)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1

40

},

"r167": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(a)(2)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1

40

},

"r168": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(c)",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1

40

},

"r169": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "3",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "50",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Topic": "323",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1

40

},

"r17": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "1",

"Publisher": "FASB",

"Section": "S9

",

"SubTopic": "10",

"Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(14) ",

"Topic": "210",

"URI": "ht p:/

asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682"

},

"us-ga p\_TransferOfInvestments": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r90",

"r91",

"r92"

],

"crdr": "credit",

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Value of investments transfer ed from the entity's investments in noncash transactions.",

"label": "Com on stock is

ued for prior year equity method investment"

}

},

"unitCount": 5

}

},

"localname": "TransferOfInvestments",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht

.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows"

xpres p:/

pineap le

],

"xbrltype": "monetaryItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_TypeOfAr

"auth\_ref": [

"r318"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Information by col aborative ar angement and ar angement other than col

"label": "Col aborative Ar angement and Ar

angement Other than Col aborative [Axis]"

angementAxis": {

}

},

"localname": "TypeOfAr angementAxis",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht pineap le

p:/

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

"ht

.com/role/AdvancesOnAgre mentsDetailsNar ative", xpres

pineap le pineap le

pineap le pineap le

pineap le pineap le

.com/role/Com itmentsAndContingenciesDetailsNar

ative",

.com/role/DepositOnStockPurchaseAgre mentRelatedPartyDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/DescriptionOfBusines DetailsNar ative",

.com/role/EquityMethodInvestmentDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/NotesPayableRelatedPartyDetailsNar ative",

.com/role/Set lementPayableDetailsNar

ative"

xpres xpres

xpres xpres

xpres xpres

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

p:/

],

"xbrltype": "stringItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_UseOfEstimates": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r135",

"r136",

"r137",

"r138",

"r139",

"r140",

"r141"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Disclosure of ac ounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with general

"label": "Use of Estimates in Financial Reporting"

}

},

"localname": "UseOfEstimates",

"nsuri": "ht fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

p:/

"presentation": [

"ht aryOfSignificantAc

xpres

.com/role/Sum p:/

pineap le

],

"xbrltype": "textBlockItemType"

},

"us-ga p\_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic": {

"auth\_ref": [

"r1

9",

"r126"

],

"lang": {

"en-us": {

"role": {

"documentation": "Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently is

"label": "Weighted Average Com on Shares \u2013 Basic and Diluted"

}

},

"localname": "WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic",

"nsuri": "ht p:/

fasb.org/us-ga p/2021-01-31",

"presentation": [

"ht xpres

.com/role/StatementsOfOperations"

p:/

pineap le

],

"xbrltype": "sharesItemType"

}

}

}

}

590

ountingPoliciesPolicies"

34974&amp;loc=SL124 42142-165695"

2948 &amp;loc=d3e326-107

5

"

362

362

0&amp;loc=d3e21914-107

0&amp;loc=d3e21930-107

362

0&amp;loc=d3e2171

-107

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

49

-107

590

590

590

590

590

590

590

590

590

590

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

49

-107

694-107

694-107

583-107

595-107

64

-107

64

-107

658-107

94"

94"

94"

94"

94"

94"

94"

94"

31687&amp;loc=d3e2

6

3-107

94"

1 45 &amp;loc=d3e14 8-109256"

590

590

590

590

590

590

590

590

5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8924-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e893

-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e893

5&amp;loc=d3e893

5&amp;loc=d3e893

-10859

-10859

-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e893

-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e9031-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e9038-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e9054-10859

"

152

"

13658&amp;loc=d3e32014-1

749-1

93"

93"

93"

94"

1 45 &amp;loc=d3e1252-109256"

1 45 &amp;loc=d3e1278-109256"

1 45 &amp;loc=d3e2626-109256"

1 45 &amp;loc=SL578013 -109256"

1 45 &amp;loc=SL578013 -109256"

1 45 &amp;loc=d3e13 7-109256"

32515&amp;loc=d3e35 0-109257"

32515&amp;loc=d3e35 0-109257"

32515&amp;loc=d3e3630-109257"

12782&amp;loc=d3e3842-109258"

12782&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258"

20817&amp;loc=d3e70191-108054"

20817&amp;loc=d3e702

9-108054"

74&amp;loc=d3e70434-10805

"

74&amp;loc=d3e70478-10805

"

5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8736-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8

13-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859

5&amp;loc=d3e8906-10859

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

"

6&amp;loc=d3e74512-12 707"

1563"

1798&amp;loc=d3e3

1798&amp;loc=d3e3

1798&amp;loc=d3e3

1798&amp;loc=d3e3

918-1

918-1

918-1

918-1

1567"

1570"

1571"

1571"

1571"

1571"

aborative ap licable to revenue-generating activity or operations.", uable shares or units and other shares or units not de

y ac epted ac ounting principles.", med outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that com on shares or units have be n outstanding to the total time in that period.",

}, "r170": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "323", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2196965" }, "r171": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "326", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 640432&amp;loc=SL121648383-210437" }, "r172": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r173": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r174": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r175": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-1 02 9" }, "r176": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "360", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=215 823" }, "r17 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-1 0869" }, "r178": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-1 0869" }, "r179": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-1 0869" }, "r18": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(15) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r180": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-1 0869" }, "r181": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(1) ", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 5931487&amp;loc=d3e140904-12 747" }, "r182": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2) ", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 5931487&amp;loc=d3e140904-12 747" }, "r183": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 5.P.4(d) ", "Topic": "420", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 5931487&amp;loc=d3e140904-12 747" }, "r184": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "4 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406 79&amp;loc=d3e253 6-109308" }, "r185": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "4 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123406 79&amp;loc=d3e253 6-109308" }, "r186": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "4 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=214 648" }, "r187": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14326-108349" }, "r18 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14615-108349" }, "r189": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14394-108349" }, "r19": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(16) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r190": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 35-108349" }, "r191": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 35-108349" }, "r192": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 53-108349" }, "r193": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e14 72-108349" }, "r194": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e145 7-108349" }, "r195": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1215 7415&amp;loc=d3e145 7-108349" }, "r196": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "450", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2127136" }, "r197": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "460", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 40162&amp;loc=d3e12021-1 0248" }, "r198": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "460", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 40162&amp;loc=d3e12053-1 0248" }, "r19 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "205", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1092 2650&amp;loc=SL51721683-107 60" }, "r20": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(17) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r20 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i ) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r201": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i i)(A) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r202": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i i)(B) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r203": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i i) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r204": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r205": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-01(a)(5) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 42526-12 756" }, "r206": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r207": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i i)(A) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r208": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i i)(B) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r209": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i i)(C) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r21": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(19)(a)(5) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r210": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r21 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.13-02(a)(5) ", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124359 0 &amp;loc=SL124 425 2-12 756" }, "r212": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r213": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r214": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r215": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r216": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r217": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r218": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r219": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r2 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(19) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r2 0": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r2 1": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495323-1 261 " }, "r2 2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL1234953 4-1 261 " }, "r2 3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL1234953 4-1 261 " }, "r2 4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL1234953 4-1 261 " }, "r2 5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495340-1 261 " }, "r2 6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495340-1 261 " }, "r2 7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495340-1 261 " }, "r2 8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r2 9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r23": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(20) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r230": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r231": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495348-1 261 " }, "r232": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r23 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r234": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(1)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r235": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)(2)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL12349535 -1 261 " }, "r236": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r237": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r238": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1I", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 505&amp;loc=SL123495371-1 261 " }, "r239": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 204&amp;loc=SL6036836-161870" }, "r24": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(2 ) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r240": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495735-1 2612" }, "r241": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69C", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495737-1 2612" }, "r242": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69E", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495743-1 2612" }, "r243": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "69F", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12346 57 &amp;loc=SL123495745-1 2612" }, "r24 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "40", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467658&amp;loc=d3e12317-1 2629" }, "r245": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "40", "SubTopic": "50", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467658&amp;loc=d3e1235 -1 2629" }, "r246": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "470", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2 08564" }, "r247": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(CFR 21 .02)", "Topic": "480", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 040564&amp;loc=d3e17 068-12 764" }, "r248": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=658 8546&amp;loc=d3e2130 -1 2643" }, "r249": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e215 3-1 264 " }, "r25": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(23) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r250": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r251": {

"Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "13",

"Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r252": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r253": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r254": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r25 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(h)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r256": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(i)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r257": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496158-1 264 " }, "r258": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496171-1 264 " }, "r259": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496171-1 264 " }, "r26": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(27) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r260": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496171-1 264 " }, "r261": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496180-1 264 " }, "r262": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "16", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496180-1 264 " }, "r263": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r264": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r265": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r26 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "18", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=SL123496189-1 264 " }, "r267": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21463-1 264 " }, "r268": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21475-1 264 " }, "r269": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21484-1 264 " }, "r27": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(28) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r270": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e2148 -1 264 " }, "r271": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21506-1 264 " }, "r272": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21506-1 264 " }, "r273": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21521-1 264 " }, "r274": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123467817&amp;loc=d3e21538-1 264 " }, "r275": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.3-04)", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120397183&amp;loc=d3e187085-12 7 0" }, "r276": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "505", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2 08762" }, "r27 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130543-203045" }, "r278": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "606", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 512 6&amp;loc=SL49130545-203045" }, "r279": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(d)(i )", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e1928-1 4920" }, "r28": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(29) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r280": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(n)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e1928-1 4920" }, "r281": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e1928-1 4920" }, "r282": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e2410-1 4920" }, "r283": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e2417-1 4920" }, "r284": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 7040&amp;loc=d3e2439-1 4920" }, "r285": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12345068 &amp;loc=d3e4179-1 4921" }, "r286": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6587 416&amp;loc=SL14 50702-1 4947" }, "r287": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "80", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "715", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6587 416&amp;loc=SL14 50673-1 4947" }, "r28 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b),(f(1) ", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120381028&amp;loc=d3e5070-1 3901" }, "r289": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r29": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r290": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(1)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r291": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r292": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)(2)", "Topic": "718", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12132 162&amp;loc=SL121327923-1653 3" }, "r293": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32672-109319" }, "r294": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "12", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319" }, "r295": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32705-109319" }, "r296": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32809-109319" }, "r297": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319" }, "r298": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319" }, "r29 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32537-109319" }, "r3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "40", "Topic": "205", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=518 8271" }, "r30": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r30 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32857-109319" }, "r301": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e325 9-109319" }, "r302": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32621-109319" }, "r303": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=121826272&amp;loc=d3e32632-109319" }, "r304": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(2)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12345917 &amp;loc=SL12183061 -15827 " }, "r305": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)(3)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12345917 &amp;loc=SL12183061 -15827 " }, "r306": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r307": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r308": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0 36-12 817" }, "r309": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 1 .C)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12 134291&amp;loc=d3e3 0215-12 817" }, "r31": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(30) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r310": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123586238&amp;loc=d3e38679-109324" }, "r31 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "270", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6424 09&amp;loc=d3e4 925-1093 8" }, "r312": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=642412 &amp;loc=d3e41874-1093 1" }, "r313": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "740", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=214 680" }, "r314": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79 8206 &amp;loc=d3e1392-128463" }, "r315": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "805", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79 8206 &amp;loc=d3e1392-128463" }, "r316": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "805", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=79 8206 &amp;loc=d3e1486-128463" }, "r317": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)(4)", "Topic": "805", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120321790&amp;loc=d3e6927-128479" }, "r318": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "808", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6931272&amp;loc=SL5834143-161434" }, "r319": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 6870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-16598 " }, "r32": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(31) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r320": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 6870748&amp;loc=SL6758485-16598 " }, "r321": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=109239629&amp;loc=d3e5614-1 1684" }, "r32 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b )", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234197 8&amp;loc=d3e5710-1 1685" }, "r323": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234197 8&amp;loc=d3e5710-1 1685" }, "r324": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "810", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=2197479" }, "r325": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(3)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123482062&amp;loc=SL123482106-23801 " }, "r326": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)(4)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123482062&amp;loc=SL123482106-23801 " }, "r327": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "815", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123482062&amp;loc=SL123482106-23801 " }, "r328": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "60", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "820", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7493716&amp;loc=d3e21868-1 0260" }, "r329": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "825", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123594938&amp;loc=d3e13279-10861 " }, "r3 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02(32) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r3 0": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(f)", "Topic": "825", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123596393&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612" }, "r3 1": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "230", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234 4 20&amp;loc=d3e3 268-1 0906" }, "r3 2": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32136-1 090 " }, "r3 3": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification",

"Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r3 4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r3 5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r3 6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8261656&amp;loc=d3e32 1 -1 090 " }, "r3 7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32583-1 0901" }, "r3 8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "830", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32618-1 0901" }, "r3 9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=645098 &amp;loc=d3e26243-108391" }, "r34": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.1)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r340": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 35984&amp;loc=d3e285 1-10839 " }, "r341": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 35984&amp;loc=d3e285 5-10839 " }, "r342": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 294 4&amp;loc=SL124 52920-239629" }, "r343": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "30", "Topic": "835", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 47 5985&amp;loc=d3e28 78-10840 " }, "r34 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 91704&amp;loc=SL7 918643-209 7 " }, "r345": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Subparagraph": "(g)(1)", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r346": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123408670&amp;loc=SL7 918686-209 80" }, "r347": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "53", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1234148 4&amp;loc=SL7 918982-209 71" }, "r348": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "842", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/subtopic&amp;trid=7 8 8251" }, "r349": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r35": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.12)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r350": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r351": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r352": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r353": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864" }, "r354": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e3959 -107864" }, "r35 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864" }, "r356": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457 30&amp;loc=d3e39691-107864" }, "r357": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "850", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=212 745" }, "r358": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 3797 &amp;loc=d3e5 792-1 2764" }, "r359": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 3 192&amp;loc=SL2890621-1 2765" }, "r36": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.13(a) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r360": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 3 192&amp;loc=SL2890621-1 2765" }, "r361": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "10", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "5 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "852", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=84165 09&amp;loc=d3e56426-1 276 " }, "r362": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-1656 2" }, "r363": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6842918&amp;loc=SL6314017-1656 2" }, "r364": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "85 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=212 7 4" }, "r365": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SAB Topic 1 .L)", "Topic": "924", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=647292 &amp;loc=d3e49 48 -12 856" }, "r36 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61929-1094 7" }, "r367": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61929-1094 7" }, "r368": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62059-1094 7" }, "r369": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62059-1094 7" }, "r37": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.13)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r370": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62395-1094 7" }, "r371": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62395-1094 7" }, "r372": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62479-1094 7" }, "r373": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3 ", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e62479-1094 7" }, "r374": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "35A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=SL6807 58-1094 7" }, "r375": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "35A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=SL6807 58-1094 7" }, "r376": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(c)(1)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61872-1094 7" }, "r37 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(c)(2)", "Topic": "932", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 7 692&amp;loc=d3e61872-1094 7" }, "r378": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "25", "SubTopic": "20", "Topic": "940", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 84075&amp;loc=d3e41242-1 0953" }, "r379": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(10) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r38": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.14)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r380": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(1 ) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r381": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(13) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r382": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(16) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r383": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03(23) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r384": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.10(3) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r385": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.10)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r386": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(1),(5) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r387": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.15(5) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r38 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-03.17)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120398452&amp;loc=d3e534808-12 878" }, "r389": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(15) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r39": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.17)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r390": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(2 ) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r391": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04(27) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r392": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.14)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r393": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-04.9)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 70 &amp;loc=SL1 4874048-2 4260" }, "r394": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "235", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.9-05(b)(2) ", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12039 901&amp;loc=d3e537907-12 8 4" }, "r395": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 294 7&amp;loc=SL124 53093-239630" }, "r396": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "470", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12359 51 &amp;loc=d3e6471 -1 2823" }, "r397": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "470", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "942", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12359 51 &amp;loc=d3e6471 -1 2823" }, "r398": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(16) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r39 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(10) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r4": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Publisher": "FASB", "Topic": "205", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/topic&amp;trid=212 149" }, "r40": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a)(5) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r40 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(12) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r401": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(16) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r402": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r403": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(25) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r404": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03(a)(8) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r405": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.(a),19)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r406": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.15(a) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r407": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.15)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r408": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.17)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r409": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-03.3)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 017&amp;loc=d3e572 29-12 910" }, "r41": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19(a) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r410": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(18) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r41 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(23) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r412": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(8) ", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r413": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "2 0", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.7-04(9) ", "Topic": "94 ",

"URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=12040 9 3&amp;loc=SL1 4874131-2 4263" }, "r414": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r415": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)(1)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r416": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(f)(2)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r417": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(g)(2)(i)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r418": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "40", "Subparagraph": "(h)(2)", "Topic": "94 ", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124501264&amp;loc=SL1 742084 -207641" }, "r419": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "205", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=2586 437&amp;loc=d3e10491-1 5837" }, "r42": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r420": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "20", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "210", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8262064&amp;loc=SL1 6 31418-1 5840" }, "r421": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "210", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=1 8262064&amp;loc=SL1 6 31419-1 5840" }, "r42 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=9 38324 &amp;loc=d3e12121-1 5841" }, "r423": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.6-04(12)(b)(3) ", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120401414&amp;loc=d3e603758-12 9 6" }, "r424": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "210", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.6-04.16(a) ", "Topic": "946", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120401414&amp;loc=d3e603758-12 9 6" }, "r425": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "4 0", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "954", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=649127 &amp;loc=d3e6429-1 5629" }, "r426": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "4 0", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "954", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=649127 &amp;loc=d3e6429-1 5629" }, "r427": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "958", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120429125&amp;loc=d3e9 7 9-1 2916" }, "r428": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "958", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120429125&amp;loc=d3e9 893-1 2916" }, "r429": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "7", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "360", "Topic": "958", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120429125&amp;loc=SL120174063-1 2916" }, "r43": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19,20)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r430": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "360", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.12-28(Fo tnote 4) ", "Topic": "970", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120402810&amp;loc=d3e63823 -123024" }, "r431": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12" }, "r432": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b" }, "r43 ": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-2" }, "r434": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "b-23" }, "r435": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "d1-1" }, "r436": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12", "Subsection": "g" }, "r437": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "12, 13, 15d" }, "r438": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13e", "Subsection": "4c" }, "r439": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14d", "Subsection": "2b" }, "r4 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.19-26)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r4 0": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "15", "Subsection": "d" }, "r4 1": { "Name": "Exchange Act", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "14a", "Subsection": "12" }, "r4 2": { "Name": "Form 10-K", "Number": "249", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "310" }, "r4 3": { "Name": "Form 10-Q", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "308", "Subsection": "a" }, "r4 4": { "Name": "Form 20-F", "Number": "249", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "2 0", "Subsection": "f" }, "r4 5": { "Name": "Form 40-F", "Number": "249", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "240", "Subsection": "f" }, "r4 6": { "Name": "Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F", "Number": "240", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "13", "Subsection": "a-1" }, "r4 7": { "Name": "Regulation S-K (SK)", "Number": "2 9", "Paragraph": "(a)", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "1402" }, "r4 8": { "Name": "Regulation S-T", "Number": "232", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "405" }, "r4 9": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "405" }, "r45": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.20)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r450": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "230", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "425" }, "r451": { "Name": "Securities Act", "Number": "7A", "Publisher": "SEC", "Section": "B", "Subsection": "2" }, "r452": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "65", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)(3)(i i)(03)", "Topic": "848" }, "r46": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.21)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r47": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.2 (a)(1) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r48": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.2 (a)(2) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r49": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.2 )", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r5": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6 76-107 65" }, "r50": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.25)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r51": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.28,29)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r52": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29-30)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r53": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.29-31)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r54": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.8,17)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r5 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-02.9)", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r56": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1A", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124509347&amp;loc=SL76 9619-108580" }, "r57": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1B", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124509347&amp;loc=SL76 9625-108580" }, "r58": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL124 42407-2 7067" }, "r59": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL124 4241 -2 7067" }, "r6": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6801-107 65" }, "r60": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "6", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124 31353&amp;loc=SL124 52729-2 7067" }, "r61": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(210.5-03(1 ) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r62": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(10) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r63": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(20) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r64": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(25) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r65": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(b)(7)(c) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r6 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03(b)(9)(a) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r67": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.1,2)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r68": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r69": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.4)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r7": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e6935-107 65" }, "r70": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.7(c),9(a) ", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r71": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.8)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r72": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 210.5-03.9)", "Topic": "2 0", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123 67319&amp;loc=SL1 48686 4-2 42 7" }, "r73": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "13", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(c)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585" }, "r74": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e325 -108585" }, "r75": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "14", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e325 -108585" }, "r76": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585" }, "r7 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "15", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585" }, "r78": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "17", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(d)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3 67-108585" }, "r79": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "21D", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=SL940805 5-108585" }, "r8": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "9", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=124098289&amp;loc=d3e7018-107 65" }, "r80": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "24", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585" }, "r81": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(e)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585" }, "r82": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(g)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585" }, "r83": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "25", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585" }, "r84": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(a)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585" }, "r85": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(b)", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585" }, "r86": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "28", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585" }, "r87": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "45", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123570139&amp;loc=d3e304 -108585" }, "r8 ": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123431023&amp;loc=d3e4273-108586" }, "r89": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "2", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123431023&amp;loc=d3e4297-108586" }, "r9": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "1", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "S9 ", "SubTopic": "10", "Subparagraph": "(SX 201.5-02(24) ", "Topic": "210", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=120391452&amp;loc=d3e13212-12 682" }, "r90": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "3", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123431023&amp;loc=d3e4304-108586" }, "r91": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "4", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123431023&amp;loc=d3e4313-108586" }, "r92": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "5", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50", "SubTopic": "10", "Topic": "230", "URI": "ht p:/ asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=123431023&amp;loc=d3e43 2-108586" }, "r93": { "Name": "Ac ounting Standards Codification", "Paragraph": "8", "Publisher": "FASB", "Section": "50",

}

<!-- image -->

"version": "2.1"