## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

OR

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For transition period from     to Commission File Number 001-39312

## PLBY GROUP, INC.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

37-1958714

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

10960 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 2200 Los Angeles, California 90024 (310) 424-1800

(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant's principal executive offices)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, $0.0001 par value per share

PLBY

Nasdaq Global Market

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging  growth  company.  See  the  definitions  of  'large  accelerated  filer,'  'accelerated  filer,'  'smaller  reporting  company'  and  'emerging  growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer ☐

Accelerated filer ☒

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  any  of  those  error  corrections  are  restatements  that  required  a  recovery  analysis  of  incentive-based  compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes ☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was approximately $218 million based upon the closing price reported for such date on the Nasdaq Global Market. As of March 10, 2023, there were 73,060,012 shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Proxy Statement, to be filed within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, are incorporated by reference in Part III. Except with respect to information specifically incorporated by reference in this Annual Report, the Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be filed as part hereof.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements  Part I  5  Item 1. Business  5  Item 1A. Risk Factors  10  Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments  36  Item 2. Properties  36  Item 3. Legal Proceedings  36  Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures  37  Part II  38  Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  38  Item 6. [Reserved]  39  Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  39  Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  56  Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  58  Index to Consolidated Financial Statements  58  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP)  59  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Prager Metis CPAs LLP)  61  Consolidated Statements of Operations  62  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  63  Consolidated Balance Sheets  64  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  65  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  66  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  68  Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures  107  Item 9A. Controls and Procedures  107  Item 9B. Other Information  110  Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  110  Part III  111  Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  111  Item 11. Executive Compensation  111  Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  111  Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  111  Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services  111  Part IV  112  Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  112  Item 16. Form 10-K Summary  115  Signatures  116   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains statements that are forward-looking and as such are not historical facts. These statements are based on the expectations and beliefs of the management of PLBY Group, Inc. (the 'Company,' 'PLBY,' 'we,' 'us,' 'our') in light of historical results and trends, current  conditions  and  potential  future  developments,  and  are  subject  to  a  number  of  factors  and  uncertainties  that  could  cause  actual  results  to  differ materially from forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include all statements other than historical fact, including statements about our  future  performance  and  opportunities;  benefits  of  acquisitions  and  corporate  transactions;  statements  of  the  plans,  strategies  and  objectives  of management for future operations; and statements regarding future economic conditions or performance. When used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, words  such  as  'anticipate,'  'believe,'  'continue,'  'could,'  'estimate,'  'expect,'  'intend,'  'may,'  'might,'  'plan,'  'possible,'  'potential,'  'predict,' 'project,'  'should,'  'strive,'  'would'  and  similar  expressions  may  identify  forward-looking  statements,  and  include  the  assumptions  that  underlie  such statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. When we discuss our strategies and/or plans, we are making projections, forecasts or forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the beliefs of, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to, our management.

The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on the Company. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting the Company will be those that the Company has anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from  those  discussed  in  the  forward-looking  statements.  Factors  that  may  cause  such  differences  include,  but  are  not  limited  to:  (1)  the  impact  of  the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company's business; (2) the inability to maintain the listing of the Company's shares of common stock on Nasdaq; (3) the risk that the Company's completed or proposed transactions disrupt the Company's current plans and/or operations, including the risk that the Company does not complete any such proposed transactions or achieve the expected benefits from any transactions; (4) the ability to recognize the anticipated benefits of corporate transactions, commercial collaborations, commercialization of digital assets and proposed transactions, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably, and the Company's ability to retain its key employees; (5) costs related  to  being  a  public  company,  corporate  transactions,  commercial  collaborations  and  proposed  transactions;  (6)  changes  in  applicable  laws  or regulations;  (7)  the  possibility  that  the  Company  may  be  adversely  affected  by  global  hostilities,  supply  chain  delays,  inflation,  interest  rates,  foreign currency exchange rates or other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; (8) risks relating to the uncertainty of the projected financial information of the Company, including changes in the Company's estimates of the fair value of certain of our intangible assets, including goodwill; (9) risks related to the organic and inorganic growth of the Company's businesses, and the timing of expected business milestones; (10) changing demand or shopping patterns for the Company's products and services; (11) failure of licensees, suppliers or other third-parties to fulfill their obligations to the Company; (12) the Company's ability  to  comply  with  the  terms  of  its  indebtedness  and  other  obligations;  (13)  changes  in  financing  markets  or  the  inability  of  the  Company  to  obtain financing on attractive terms; and (14) other risks and uncertainties indicated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including those under 'Item 1A. Risk Factors.' Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the Company's assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of factors is not exclusive, and readers should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or any earlier date specified for such statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect any change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statement is based, except as may be required under applicable law. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on the Company's behalf are qualified in their entirety by this Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.

## Item 1. Business

Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to the 'Company', 'we', 'us', 'our' and other similar terms refer to Playboy Enterprises, Inc. ('Playboy') and its consolidated subsidiaries prior to Playboy's February 10, 2021 business combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp (the 'Business Combination'), and to PLBY Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries after giving effect to the Business Combination.

## Overview

We are  a  pleasure  and  leisure  company.  We  provide  consumers  around  the  world  with  products,  content  and  experiences  that  help  them  lead happier, healthier and more fulfilling lives. Our flagship consumer brand, Playboy, is one of the most recognizable brands in the world, driving billions of dollars annually in global consumer spending with products and content available in approximately 180 countries.

Our mission - to create a culture where all people can pursue pleasure - builds upon almost seven decades of creating groundbreaking media and hospitality  experiences  and  fighting  for  cultural  progress  rooted  in  the  core  values  of  equality,  freedom  of  expression  and  the  idea  that  pleasure  is  a fundamental human right.

Driven by our cause of 'Pleasure for All,' our goal is to build the leading pleasure and leisure lifestyle platform for all people around the world.

For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, our consolidated revenue was $266.9 million and $246.6 million, respectively, and our consolidated net loss was $277.7 million and $77.7 million, respectively. Our consolidated net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 was largely driven by non-cash asset impairment charges of $308.2 million related to the write-down of goodwill, trademarks and certain other assets in the third quarter of 2022.

## Our Products

Our products and content connect consumers to a lifestyle of pleasure and leisure. Our offerings help consumers around the world look good, feel good, and enjoy their lives. Our offerings are focused on areas where nearly 70 years of building consumer trust give us a unique position to lead:

- Sexual Wellness is a category that encompasses products, content and experiences that enable a state of physical, emotional, mental, and social sexual health and fulfillment. Offerings include products that enhance sexual experience, lingerie, bedroom accessories and intimacy products, as well as offerings that improve sexual health. Our sexual wellness offerings today include lingerie, intimates and other adult products.
- Style and Apparel includes a variety of apparel and accessories products for men and women globally, including one of the leading men's apparel brands in China, and collaborations with fashion and streetwear brands such as PacSun, Yves Saint Laurent and Lids available to consumers in the US and UK. Our style and apparel offerings build on seven decades of standing for free expression.
- Digital Entertainment and Lifestyle is  a  category  that  encompasses  all  the  ways  we  stand  for  sophisticated,  fun  and  leisure-filled  living.  Our content  creator  platform  on playboy.com lets  customers  interact  directly  with  influencers  and  other  creators  that  generate  their  own  array  of content. Playboy programming distributed through various websites and domestic and international TV providers offers on-demand entertainment. Our spirits joint venture, Playboy Spirits, offers premium spirits under the Rare Hare brand, while playboy.com sells a variety of home goods and personal accessories. Collaborations with strategic partners in the nightlife, hospitality, metaverse, and digital casino and online gaming industries allow our customers to further experience the Playboy lifestyle in-person and from their electronic devices.
- Beauty and Grooming builds on our long role serving as a platform for beauty and the brand's commercial success in the fragrance category. Today, we approach this category through the lens of confidence, providing our consumers with products and content that inspire body positivity and creative expression. With strong adjacency to Sexual Wellness, Beauty and Grooming offerings include men's and women's skincare, haircare, bath and body, grooming, cosmetics and fragrance. These offerings are primarily delivered by our strategic licensing partners, and some products are offered for resale on playboy.com .

Each  of  the  foregoing  categories  represent  very  large  and  growing  markets,  providing  us  with  significant  opportunities  for  growth  from  the increased sales of our current products, as well as through the introduction of new products within these categories.

## PART I

## Our Business Segments

We generate revenue through the sales of our products to consumers around the world. We employ multiple business models, including brand licensing, direct-to-consumer and third-party retail sales, and digital sales and subscriptions, to help maximize the value of our assets and promote long-term revenue and profitability growth. We report on our business operations in three segments:

- Licensing , including licensing our brand to third parties for products, services, venues, online gaming and events.
- Direct-to-Consumer ,  including sales of third-party products through our owned-and-operated e-commerce platforms, and sales of our proprietary products through our platforms and/or third-party retailers; and
- Digital  Subscriptions  and  Content ,  including  revenues  generated  from  the  sales  of  creator  offerings  to  consumers  on playboy.com ,  the  sale  of subscriptions to Playboy programming, which is distributed through various channels, including websites and domestic and international TV, and the sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles.

## Licensing

We  license  the  Playboy  name,  Rabbit  Head  Design,  and  other  trademarks  and  related  properties  to  partners  around  the  world.  Our  licensing agreements permit licensees the right to use certain Playboy trademarks for certain categories of products in certain territories for a fee, which is typically a royalty calculated as a percentage of net revenue from wholesale and/or retail sales of such products, subject to an annual, bi-annual or quarterly minimum royalty payment. Our top five license agreements range from three to ten years in length and generated approximately $46.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our licensing contracts included future royalty guarantee payments of approximately $345.5 million through 2031, assuming no renewals of such contracts.

Creative Artists Agency, a brand agency with significant global reach and infrastructure, acts as our exclusive licensing agent for the Playboy brand trademarks and intellectual property for consumer products in a broad range of categories in most of the world. We are entering into a joint venture, Playboy China Limited, with Charactopia Licensing Limited, a Fung Retailing brand management company, representing many global brands in China, to jointly own and operate the Playboy licensed business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We expect the Playboy China joint venture to invigorate our China-market Playboy apparel business,  including  online  and  offline  retail  strategies,  product  design  and  assortment,  and  brand  marketing  to  its  multigenerational audience.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Licensing segment contributed $60.9 million in revenue and $74.0 million in operating loss, which was due to $116.0 million of non-cash impairment charges on Playboy-branded trademarks in the third quarter of 2022.

## Direct-to-Consumer

Our owned digital commerce retail platforms include playboy.com, honeybirdette.com and  Honey  Birdette  retail  stores  (as  of  August  9,  2021), yandy.com , and loversstores.com and Lovers retail stores (as of March 1, 2021). We manage the inventory and shipping for our owned digital and retail commerce channels through a combination of our own warehouse and fulfillment centers and through third-party logistics centers, providing a flexible and scalable base from which to continue the expansion of our direct-to-consumer sales platform model. In addition to our owned channels, we have actively expanded the third-party sales of our proprietary products across major retailers in Western markets.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Direct-to-Consumer segment contributed $186.6 million in revenue and $207.0 million in operating loss, of which $184.8 million was due to non-cash impairment charges on certain of our intangible assets, including goodwill, in the third quarter of 2022. See Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Business, for additional matters that affect our consumer products business, including seasonality.

## Digital Subscriptions and Content

Our Digital Subscriptions and Content today comprise our creator-led platform on playboy.com (initially launched in December 2021), non-fungible token  ('NFTs')  art  and  collectibles  offerings  (initially  launched  in  early  2021),  and  Playboy's  adult  content  offerings,  including playboyplus.com and playboy.tv .

Playboy-branded digital content offerings reach more than 150,000 subscribers and users across Playboy-managed digital platforms. In addition, Playboy TV is offered through leading MSOs (multiple-system operators) around the globe, including U.S. MSOs DIRECTV, Comcast, Dish, Charter, Cox, Altice, and Mediacom. Pursuant to its agreements with the MSOs, Playboy programs the Playboy TV and typically receives a royalty based on the numbers of subscribers to the service.

During the year ended December 31, 2022, our Digital Subscriptions and Content segment contributed $18.7 million in revenue and $13.0 million of operating loss, of which $4.9 million was related to non-cash impairment of our crypto assets and certain other assets.

## Our Strategy

We aim to build the leading pleasure and leisure lifestyle platform for all people around the world. In 2021 and 2022, we built up our direct-toconsumer business, including expanding our licensing categories, and developed our digital capabilities, including launching our creator platform. As of 2023, we will pursue a commercial strategy that relies on a more capital-light model focused on revenue streams with higher margin and higher growth potential. We will do this by leveraging our flagship Playboy brand to attract best-in-class strategic partners and scale our creator platform with influencers who embody our brands aspirational lifestyle.

We will refocus our three key growth pillars: first, strategically expanding our licensing business in key categories and territories. Our Playboy China  joint  venture  is  expected  to  invigorate  our  China-market  Playboy  apparel  business,  building  on  Playboy's  current  roster  of  licensees  and  online storefronts by adding new licensees. We will continue to use our licensing business as a marketing tool and brand builder, in particular through our high-end designer collaborations and our large-scale partnerships with partners such as PacSun. Second, investing in our Playboy digital platform as we return to our roots as a place to see and be seen for creators and up and coming cultural influencers. Third, building upon Honey Birdette's existing high margin retail business by expanding the brand in the United States.

Our content creator-led  platform  dedicated  to  creative  freedom,  artistic  expression  and  sex  positivity,  is  the  cornerstone  of  our  digital  strategy. Creators' fans can subscribe or pay to view exclusive content, message with Playboy creators directly, and receive special access to their daily lives in a manner they cannot do anywhere else. Top creators earn special opportunities throughout the Playboy ecosystem including Playboy photo shoots, fashion design collaborations and the opportunity to serve as Playboy fashion ambassadors.

## Our Competition

We operate in the consumer goods space across a variety of different industries and face competition from broad direct-to-consumer platforms such as Amazon, as well as brands and retailers that are more targeted to particular markets. In the men's apparel space in China, we compete with other leading men's apparel brands such as Uniqlo, Semir, Levi's, Nautica and Lacoste on the breadth and quality of our products, and in Western markets, our apparel collaborations  and  owned  and  operated  e-commerce  business  compete  with  retailers  and  brands  more  focused  on  lingerie,  costumes,  accessories  and streetwear. In the sexual wellness industry, we compete with lingerie brands and e-commerce businesses such as La Perla, Fleur du Mal, Victoria's Secret and AdoreMe, and other suppliers of products in this fragmented and rapidly growing space, as well as with Sexual Wellness e-commerce platforms and brick and mortar retail chains, such as Lovehoney, Fashion Nova and Adam &amp; Eve. Our digital products and services compete with social content and creator-led platforms and providers of digital art, collectibles and paid and free adult content, and our digital games compete with other real-money and social casino-style games available in the iOS and Android app stores. We compete with much larger companies, including the brands referenced above, that have  significantly  greater  financial  and  operational  resources  and  pose  meaningful  competitive  challenges.  However,  we  believe  we  have  successfully competed, and will continue to do so, with such companies because of our strong brands with extensive consumer followings, high quality products and relationships with creators and influencers that we have developed.

## Our Corporate History

Playboy  was  founded  in  1953  as  a  men's  lifestyle  magazine.  Over  the  following  decades,  Playboy  grew  into  a  leader  and  pioneer  in  the entertainment, hospitality, and licensing businesses.

From 1973 to 2011, Playboy's stock was publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. Playboy's current corporate entity, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., was incorporated in the State of Delaware in April 1998. On March 4, 2011, Icon Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Icon Acquisition Holdings, L.P. ('Icon'), an affiliate of Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC, successfully completed its offer to purchase all of the issued and outstanding shares of Playboy, which was further reorganized effective August 14, 2018. As part of the restructuring, Icon was dissolved and liquidated its equity interest in Playboy to its members, consisting of RT-ICON Holdings LLC (with its affiliates, "RT") and the Hugh M. Hefner 1991 Trust (the 'Trust'), resulting in RT holding 3,034,192 shares of common stock in Playboy and the Trust holding 1,868,910 shares of common stock in Playboy. The Trust then sold to Playboy, and Playboy redeemed, all of the common stock in Playboy held by the Trust for a total of $35 million.

On February 10, 2021, we consummated the transactions contemplated by that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2020 (the 'Merger Agreement'), by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp ('MCAC'), MCAC Merger Sub Inc. ('Merger Sub'), and Playboy, and Suying Liu. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Playboy merged with and into Merger Sub, with Playboy surviving the merger as a whollyowned subsidiary of MCAC, and MCAC changed its name to 'PLBY Group, Inc.' upon consummation of the Business Combination.

Over the past several years, we have undertaken a process of transforming and streamlining our business model to transition Playboy's primary business  from  a  print  and  digital  media  entity,  generating  advertising  and  sponsorship  revenues,  to  our  primarily  commerce  business  which  markets consumer products and digital content.

In  December 2019, we acquired the assets of yandy.com ,  a  leading  online  retailer  of  lingerie,  dresses,  costumes  and  accessories,  as  part  of  the expansion of our proprietary sales platform. In March 2021, we acquired TLA Acquisition Corp., the parent company of the Lovers family of stores, a leading omni-channel online and brick-and-mortar sexual wellness chain. In August 2021, we acquired Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Limited, owner of the luxury  lingerie  brand  Honey  Birdette.  In  October  2021,  we  acquired  GlowUp  Digital  Inc.,  owner  of  the  Dream  platform  that  was  redeveloped  as  the technology foundation for our curated and creator-led platform on playboy.com , which initially launched in December 2021 under the Centerfold name. We are entering into a Playboy-controlled joint venture, Playboy China Limited, for the operation of the Playboy licensed business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau).

## Our Team

We  seek  to  recruit,  retain,  and  incentivize  highly  talented  existing  and  future  employees.  We  believe  that  creating  a  respectful  and  inclusive environment where team members can be themselves and be supported is critical to attracting, developing and retaining talent. A set of fundamental values guide our thinking and actions both inside the company and as we pursue our mission through our interaction with our consumers and our partners around the world. We created these values with the goal of holding ourselves accountable, of preserving what is special, and to inspire and guide ourselves moving forward as we grow and take on new challenges. We believe staying true to these values will drive the long-term value we create in consumers' lives.

## Our Employees

As of December 31, 2022, we had 497 full-time and full-time-equivalent employees and 566 part-time employees. None of the employees are represented by a labor union. Our team values support our employee relations, which we believe to be positive and productive. We promote the well-being of our employees through programs and benefits that support physical health, financial security and good morale.

## Our Values

Do You (But Do No Harm) . We're authentic to who we are. We say what we mean, and we mean what we say. We create a safe and encouraging environment for others to do the same, bringing their authentic selves forward. We welcome and value varying perspectives and opinions, and we assume best intentions. We celebrate and bring out the best in each other. We pay attention to others discomfort. We respect boundaries. And we fiercely believe that our diversity positions us for greater success and impact in the world.

Embrace the Next Challenge . We have a growth mindset. We don't let ourselves get too comfortable. We are constantly questioning our existing knowledge and recognize that our blind spots are bigger than we think. We actively seek out opportunities to learn. We come from a place of curiosity. The next challenge may be in a place we've never thought to look, and we leverage a vast diversity of perspectives to find it. We know we can always do better, and good enough is not enough. We believe in questioning taboos. We are bold and thoughtful in challenging the status quo and finding fault in the default, even when it seems we are alone. We are okay with uncertainty, and we aim to adapt quickly and be resourceful in an ever-changing environment.

Debate, Then Commit . We take the time to make sure we are informed. We provide a platform and make space for the different voices in the room, ask thoughtful questions, and consider all angles before coming to a conclusion. We question everything. We engage in self-reflection, and we recognize and share openly when we are wrong. We are solutions oriented. We take an active approach to solving problems and coming to decisions rather than fixating on them. We passionately discuss ideas but respect when a decision is reached and abide by the process to execute it. We communicate decisions thoroughly and thoughtfully.

Be a Leader . We develop and exercise inclusive leadership. So, everyone knows they belong, and equitable treatment is our standard. We recognize that trust, respect, and responsibility go hand-in-hand and must be heard. With that, it is up to each of us to earn that responsibility every day. We listen first, ask  questions,  speak  up  and  are  accountable  for  our  work  (and  our  mistakes).  We  help  others  feel  confident  and  comfortable  doing  the  same.  We  take initiative. We don't wait for things to happen to us or wait to be told. We are willing to wear many hats and roll our sleeves up when others need help, even if it means working outside our job description. We lead by example.

Stay Playful . We are a fun team and though we often deal with heavy subject matter, we recognize the importance of a playful spirit and a positive outlook. We realize that we are a work in progress, and that we won't always get it right the first time. We pride ourselves in being able to pick ourselves up, be positive about our mistakes (while learning from them) and move forward. We celebrate creativity and the importance of trying new things out. We know you to have a good time and we understand boundaries. We celebrate each other. We value our time both in and out of work.

## Government Regulation

In connection with the products we provide, we must comply with various laws and regulations from federal, state, local and foreign regulatory agencies. We believe that we are in material compliance with regulatory requirements applicable to our business. These regulatory requirements include, without limitation:

- federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations involving minimum wage, health care, overtime, sick leave, lunch and rest breaks and other similar wage, benefits and hour requirements and other similar laws;
- Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and the Americans with Disabilities Act and regulations of the U.S. Department of Labor, the Occupational Safety &amp; Health Administration, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and the equivalent state agencies and other similar laws;
- alcohol beverage marketing regulations, custom and import matters with respect to products imported to and exported from the United States;
- the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act and other similar anti-bribery and anti- kickback laws and regulations that generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business; and
- federal, state and foreign anticorruption, data protection, privacy, consumer protection, content regulation and other laws and regulations, including without limitation, GDPR and the CCPA.

Our  failure  to  comply  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations  could  adversely  affect  the  Company.  See  'Item  1A.  Risk  Factors'  for  additional information regarding regulatory risks to the Company.

## Intellectual Property

We own various trademarks, copyrights and software comprising our intellectual property holdings including, without limitation, the 'Playboy' name, the 'RABBIT HEAD DESIGN' logo, the 'Yandy' name, the 'Lovers' name and the 'Honey Birdette' name.

We currently have active trademark registrations in more than 150 countries for our key trademarks, including variations of the PLAYBOY and the RABBIT HEAD DESIGN logo, which are typically the core intellectual property we license pursuant to our licensing agreements and use on our branded consumer products. Trademark registrations typically allow us to exclusively use or permit licensed use of the marks in the product categories in which they are registered. These registrations are typically valid for 10 years from the original date of registration or the date of renewal. When these registrations become due for renewal, we typically renew them unless the registrations have become redundant due to overlapping coverage from other existing registered marks or they cover marks or categories that we no longer actively use or have plans to use in the future. Most jurisdictions allow for an unlimited number of renewals provided that the criteria to apply for renewal are met in the applicable jurisdiction.

## Available Information

We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains a website that contains our periodic reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us that we file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's website is located at http://www.sec.gov.

Our website is www.plbygroup.com. We make available, free of charge, on our investor relations website, www.plbygroup.com/investors, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. We may use our website to disclose material information and comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure promulgated by the SEC. Such disclosures are provided on our website at www.plbygroup.com, including under its 'Events and Presentations' and 'Press Releases' sections, among others. Accordingly, investors should monitor this portion of our website, in addition to following our press releases, SEC filings, public conference calls and webcasts. The information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is not part of this report.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or  part  of  your  investment.  The  risks  and  uncertainties  described  below  are  not  the  only  ones  we  face.  Additional  risks  and  uncertainties  that  we  are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this subsection to the 'Company,' 'we', 'us' or 'our' refer to PLBY Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries following the Business Combination, which was completed on February 10, 2021, other than certain historical information which refers to the business of Playboy prior to the consummation of the Business Combination.

## Summary of Risk Factors

We have in the past been adversely affected by certain of, and may in the future be materially and adversely affected by, the following risks:

- our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the Playboy brand;
- operating in highly competitive industries;
- our ability to anticipate changes in the market for our products and rapidly adapt;
- our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, in particular trademarks and copyrights;
- business constraints, negative publicity, lawsuits and boycotts as a result of our business involving the provision of products with adult or sexually explicit content;
- material weaknesses identified with respect to our internal controls over financial reporting;
- potential impairments of our intangible assets;
- potential limitations on the use of our net operating losses;
- various taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions;
- potential systems failures or network access challenges experienced by our digital operations;
- our exposure to data security and privacy risks;
- compliance with payment processor requirements and government regulations;
- challenges relating to operations and expansion outside of the U.S.;
- litigation expenses and potential adverse results;
- the costs to the Company and management's time needed to comply with public company requirements;
- our ability to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management and personnel;
- difficulties in pursuing and completing corporate transactions on economically acceptable terms;
- realizing the business benefits of our strategic objectives, including through joint ventures, dispositions or other strategic transactions;
- integration risks relating to corporate transactions and other strategic opportunities;
- limitations imposed by our debt and other financial obligations;
- our ability to attract and retain new customers and subscribers through our marketing efforts;

- the demand for our products;
- the COVID-19 pandemic;
- changing global economic conditions and standards, including with respect to interest rates;
- our ability to manage the various licensing and selling models in our operations;
- the concentration of a substantial portion of our licensing revenue with a limited number of licensees and retail partners;
- our dependence on third parties to help operate certain aspects of our e-commerce business;
- regulatory, cybersecurity and impairment risks related to the holding of digital assets;
- the adoption, implementation and performance of new enterprise systems;
- increasing competition for and changing dynamics in the marketplace for our adult content, digital and consumer products;
- our ability to maintain our agreements with multiple system operators and direct-to-home operators on favorable terms;
- our ability to identify, fund investment in and commercially exploit new technology;
- shifts in consumer behavior as a result of technological innovations and changes in the distribution and consumption of content; and
- our ability to meet the listing requirements to be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market and maintain the listing of our securities in the future.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

## Our success depends on our ability to maintain the value and reputation of the Playboy brand.

Our  success  depends  on  the  value  and  reputation  of  the  Playboy  brand.  The  Playboy  name  is  integral  to  our  business  as  well  as  to  the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. Maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high quality product and customer experience.

We rely on social media, as one of our marketing strategies, to have a positive impact on both our brand value and reputation. Our brand and reputation could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, if our public image was to be tarnished by negative publicity, which could be amplified by social media, if we fail to deliver innovative and high-quality products and experiences acceptable to our customers, or if we face or mishandle a product recall.

We license our brand to third parties to use in connection with various goods and services, subject to our approval. Our financial condition could be negatively impacted if any such third parties use our brand in a manner that adversely reflects on our businesses or our brand.

Additionally, while we devote considerable efforts and resources to protecting our intellectual property, if these efforts are not successful, the value of our brand may be adversely affected. Any detrimental impact to our brand and reputation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

## Our businesses operate in highly competitive industries.

The consumer products, digital entertainment and creator content platform markets in which we operate are highly competitive. The ability of our businesses to compete in each of these industries successfully depends on a number of factors, including our ability to consistently supply high quality and popular products and content, adapt to new technologies and distribution platforms, maintain our brand reputation and produce new and successful products and content. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing or new competitors, or that increasing competition will not result in price reductions, reduced margins or loss of market share, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, many of our competitors, including apparel and personal goods retailers, large entertainment and media enterprises and well-established social media and other creator content platforms have greater technical, operational, financial and human resources than we do. We cannot assure you that we can remain competitive with companies that have greater resources or that offer alternative product, entertainment or content offerings.

## The market for our physical and digital products is changing rapidly, and unless we are able to anticipate these changes and rapidly adapt, we will lose market share.

Our strategy to grow our online and 'brick and mortar' retail businesses depend on many factors, including, among others, our ability to develop and maintain effective e-commerce platforms, identify desirable store locations, negotiate acceptable lease terms, hire, train and retain a reliable workforce of  sales,  distribution  and  other  operational  personnel,  successfully  integrate  stores  into  our  existing  control  structure,  enterprise  systems  and  operations, including our information technology systems, and coordinate well with our digital platforms and wholesale customers to minimize the competition within our  sales  channels.  As  we  expand  into  new  geographic  areas,  we  need  to  successfully  identify  and  satisfy  the  consumer  preferences  in  these  areas.  In addition,  we  need  to  address  competitive,  merchandising,  marketing,  distribution  and  other  challenges  encountered  in  connection  with  any  expansion. Finally, we cannot ensure that our e-commerce platforms or physical stores will be well received and achieve intended net sales or profitability levels. If our consumer products businesses fail to achieve, or are unable to sustain, acceptable net sales and profitability levels, our business overall may be adversely impacted and we may incur significant costs associated with such business.

In addition, online usage and digital entertainment is changing rapidly as technological advancements allow the deployment of more advanced and interactive multimedia website and digital application offerings, and the Internet and mobile device usage have resulted in new digital distribution channels. As a result,  we  have  to  rapidly  develop  new  digital  business  models,  including  digital  content  and  distribution  models,  that  will  allow  us  to  otherwise capitalize on our growing content creator platform and large library of titles that we own and license.

Unless we are able to effectively modify our business model to compete with the products offered through physical and online retailers and content offered  digitally  on  the  Internet  or  elsewhere,  our  market  share,  revenues  and  profits  from  such  offerings  could  decrease.  Although  we  are  currently developing new products and growing our content creator community, no assurance can be given that we will remain competitive in the industries we compete in. Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, to enhance existing product offerings and to develop and introduce a variety of new products and content to address changing demands of our consumers.

## If we are unable to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property rights, in particular trademarks and copyrights, our ability to compete could be negatively impacted.

Our intellectual property rights, particularly our trademarks in the Playboy name and Rabbit Head Design, are valuable assets of our business and are critical to our success, growth potential and competitive position. Although certain of the intellectual property we use is registered in the U.S. and in many of the foreign countries in which we operate, there can be no assurances with respect to the continuation of such intellectual property rights, including our ability to further register, use or defend key current or future trademarks. Further, applicable law may provide only limited and uncertain protection, particularly in emerging markets, such as China.

Furthermore, we may not apply for, or be unable to obtain, intellectual property protection for certain aspects of our business. Third parties have in the past, and could in the future, bring infringement, invalidity, co-inventorship, re-examination, opposition or similar claims with respect to our current or future intellectual property. Any such claims, whether or not successful, could be costly to defend, may not be sufficiently covered by any indemnification provisions  to  which  we  are  party,  divert  management's  attention  and  resources,  damage  our  reputation  and  brands,  and  adversely  impact  our  business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities.

In addition, third parties may distribute and sell counterfeit (or grey market) versions of our products, which may be inferior or pose safety risks and could confuse consumers or customers, which could cause them to refrain from purchasing our brands in the future or otherwise damage our reputation. The presence of counterfeit versions of our products in the market and of prestige products in mass distribution channels could also dilute the value of our brands, force us and our distributors to compete with heavily discounted products, cause us to be in breach of contract (including license agreements), impact our compliance with distribution and competition laws in jurisdictions including the E.U. and China, or otherwise have a negative impact on our reputation and business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations.

In order to protect or enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights, we may initiate litigation or other proceedings against third parties, such as infringement suits, opposition proceedings or interference proceedings. Any lawsuits or proceedings that we initiate could be expensive, take significant  time  and  divert  management's  attention  from  other  business  concerns,  adversely  impact  customer  relations  and  we  may  not  be  successful. Litigation and other proceedings may also put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. The occurrence of any of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities.

## Our success depends on our ability to operate our business without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property of third parties.

Our  commercial  success  depends  in  part  on  our  ability  to  operate  without  infringing,  misappropriating  or  otherwise  violating  the  trademarks, patents,  copyrights  and  other  proprietary  rights  of  third  parties.  However,  we  cannot  be  certain  that  the  conduct  of  our  business  does  not  and  will  not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate such rights. Moreover, our acquisition targets and other businesses in which we may make strategic investments are often smaller or younger companies with less robust intellectual property clearance practices, and we may face challenges on the use of their trademarks and other proprietary rights.

If we are found to be infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating a third-party trademark, patent, copyright or other proprietary rights, we may need to obtain a license, which may not be available in a timely manner on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or redesign or rebrand our products, which may not be possible or result in a significant delay to market or otherwise have an adverse commercial impact. We may also be required to pay substantial damages or be subject to a court order prohibiting us and our customers from selling certain products or engaging in certain activities, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, as well as the trading price of our securities.

## Our business includes the provision of sexually explicit content which can create negative publicity, lawsuits and boycotts.

Our  business  includes  providing  adult-oriented,  sexually  explicit  and  provocative  products  worldwide.  Many  people  regard  such  business  as unwholesome. Various national and local governments, along with religious and children's advocacy groups, consistently propose and enact legislation to restrict the provision of, access to, and content of such entertainment. These groups also often file lawsuits against providers of adult products and content, encourage boycotts against such providers and mount negative publicity campaigns. In this regard, some of our distribution outlets, have from time-to-time been the target of groups who seek to limit the availability of our products because of their content. We expect to continue to be subject to these activities.

The adult-oriented content of our websites, including our creator platform, may also subject us to obscenity or other legal claims by third parties. We may also be subject to claims based upon the content that is available on our websites through links to other sites and in jurisdictions that we have not previously distributed content in. Implementing measures to reduce our exposure to this liability may require us to take steps that would substantially limit the attractiveness of our websites and other distribution channels and/or their availability in various geographic areas, which could negatively impact their ability to generate revenue.

In addition, some investors, investment banks, market makers, lenders and others in the investment community may refuse to participate in the market for our common stock, financings or other activities due to the nature of our adult business. These refusals may negatively impact the value of our common stock and our opportunities to attract market support.

## Companies providing products and services on which we rely may refuse to do business with us because some of our products contain adult content.

Some companies that provide products and services we need may be concerned that associating with us could lead to their becoming the target of negative publicity campaigns by public interest groups and boycotts of their products and services. As a result of these concerns, these companies may be reluctant  to  enter  into  or  continue  business  relationships  with  us.  There  can  be  no  assurance  that  we  will  be  able  to  maintain  our  existing  business relationships with the companies, domestic or international, that currently provide us with services and products. Our inability to maintain such business relationships, or to find replacement service providers, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could be forced to enter into business arrangements on terms less favorable to us than we might otherwise obtain, which could lead to our doing business with less competitive terms, higher transaction costs and more inefficient operations than if we were able to maintain such business relationships or find replacement service providers.

## If we are unable to advertise on certain platforms because of our brand or products, our revenue could be adversely impacted.

Some companies that operate websites and offline media, including search engines and social media platforms, on which we would like to advertise our  products,  and  provide  direct  purchasing  capabilities,  may  be  reluctant  or  refuse  to  allow  such  advertising  due  to  the  adult  nature  of  certain  of  our products and the history of our brand. Our inability to access or advertise on such platforms could make it more difficult for us to reach a broad audience, which could limit sales of our products, and reduce the value of our brand. Our existing competitors, as well as potential new competitors, may not face such obstacles and be able to undertake more extensive marketing campaigns and reach a broader consumer base, making it more difficult for us to compete with them with similar products.

## We have experienced, and may continue to experience, seasonality in our revenues, which may result in volatility in our financial results.

While we receive revenue throughout the year, our businesses have experienced, and may continue to experience, seasonality. For example, our licensing business under our consumer products business have historically experienced higher receipts in its first and third fiscal quarters due to the licensing fee structure in our licensing agreements, which typically require advance payment of such fees during those quarters, but such payments can be subject to extensions  or  delays.  Our  direct-to-consumer  business  have  historically  experienced  higher  sales  in  the  fourth  quarter  due  to  the  U.S.  holiday  season, including Halloween, but changing market conditions and demand could affect such sales. To the extent that we continue to experience seasonality, or there are material changes in our seasonal business and revenues, such factors may result in volatility in our financial results.

## We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner, which could have an adverse impact on our business.

Since becoming a public company, ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis has become costly and a time-consuming effort. In addition, the rapid growth of our operations has created a need  for  additional  resources  within  the  accounting  and  finance  functions  in  order  to  produce  timely  financial  information  and  to  ensure  the  level  of segregation of duties customary for a U.S. public company.

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally accepted accounting principles in the United States ('GAAP'). Our management is also required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any changes and material weaknesses identified. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  such  that  there  is  a  reasonable  possibility  that  a  material  misstatement  in  our  annual  or  interim  consolidated financial  statements  might  not  be  prevented  or  detected  on  a  timely  basis.  As  described  in  Item  9A  of  this  Annual  Report,  there  were  several  material weaknesses identified in our internal control over financial reporting.

We are working to develop and implement a remediation plan as soon as practicable. Our remediation plan, which is continuing to be developed, can only be accomplished over time, and these initiatives may not accomplish their intended effects. Failure to maintain our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to report our financial position and results from operations on a timely and accurate basis. Likewise, if our financial statements are not filed on a timely basis, we could be subject to regulatory actions, legal proceedings or investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business and/or we may not be able to maintain compliance with certain of our agreements. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could have a negative effect on our stock price, business strategies and ability to raise capital.

Even after the remediation of our material weaknesses, our management does not expect that our internal controls ever will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system's objectives will be met. No evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the business will have been detected.

## We have a significant amount of intangible assets, including our trademarks and digital assets, recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. As a result of changes in market conditions and declines in the estimated fair value of these assets, we may be required to record impairments of our intangible assets in the future which could adversely affect our results of operations.

As of December 31, 2022, our indefinite-lived intangible assets, including digital assets and goodwill, represented $339.6 million, or 61% of our total consolidated assets. Under GAAP, indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but instead are subject to impairment evaluation based on related estimated fair values, with such testing to be done at least annually. We review our trademarks and digital assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Any write-down of intangible assets resulting from future periodic evaluations would, as applicable, either decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and those decreases or increases could be material.

## Our use of certain tax attributes may be limited.

We had significant  net  operating  losses  ('NOLs')  as  of  December  31,  2022.  In  the  U.S.  we  had  $298.0  million  of  federal  NOLs  available  to carryforward  to  future  periods,  of  which  $182.0  million  will  begin  expiring  in  2028,  and  we  had  $109.0  million  of  state  and  local  NOLs  available  to carryforward  to  future  periods,  of  which  $5.0  million  can  be  carried  forward  indefinitely.  In  Australia,  we  also  had  $5.7  million  of  NOLs  available  to carryforward indefinitely. The statute of limitations for tax years 2017 and forward remains open to examination by the major U.S. taxing jurisdictions to which  we  are  subject.  The  statute  of  limitations  for  tax  year  2016  and  forward  remain  open  to  examination  in  Australia.  In  addition,  due  to  the  NOL carryforward provision, tax authorities continue to have the ability to adjust the amount of our carryforward. Furthermore, as discussed below, the limitations on the use of the NOLs under Section 382 could affect our ability to use NOLs to offset future taxable income.

The  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  (the  "Tax  Act"),  which  was  enacted  on  December  22,  2017,  changed  the  rules  governing  U.S.  federal  NOL carryforwards. For federal NOL carryforwards arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, the Tax Act limited a taxpayer's ability to utilize such carryforwards  to  80%  of  taxable  income,  which  can  be  carried  forward  indefinitely,  but  carryback  is  generally  prohibited.  Federal  NOL  carryforwards generated by us before January 1, 2018 will continue to have a twenty-year carryforward period and will not be subject to the taxable income limitation.

## We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions.

We  are  a  U.S.-based  multinational  company  subject  to  tax  in  multiple  U.S.  and  foreign  tax  jurisdictions.  Significant  judgment  is  required  in determining our global provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. While we believe our tax positions are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, it is possible that these positions may be challenged by jurisdictional tax authorities, which may have a significant impact on our global provision for income taxes.

Tax laws are being re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of the law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become applicable. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies. Many countries in the European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if enacted, could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business. If U.S. or other foreign tax authorities change applicable tax laws, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.

## Our digital operations are subject to systems failures.

The uninterrupted performance of our computer systems is critical to the operations of our websites. Our computer systems are located at external third-party sites, and, as such, may be vulnerable to fire, loss of power, telecommunications failures and other similar catastrophes. In addition, we may have to restrict access to our websites to solve problems caused by computer viruses or other system failures. Our customers may become dissatisfied by any disruption  or  failure  of  our  computer  systems  that  interrupts  our  ability  to  provide  our  content.  Repeated  system  failures  could  substantially  reduce  the attractiveness  of  our  websites  and/or  interfere  with  commercial  transactions,  negatively  affecting  our  ability  to  generate  revenues.  Our  websites  must accommodate a high volume of traffic and deliver regularly updated content. Our sites have, on occasion, experienced slow response times and network failures.  These  types  of  occurrences  in  the  future  could  cause  users  to  perceive  our  websites  as  not  functioning  properly  and  therefore  induce  them  to frequent websites other than ours. We are also subject to risks from failures in computer systems other than our own because our customers depend on their own Internet service providers for access to our sites. Our revenues could be negatively affected by outages or other difficulties customers experience in accessing our websites due to Internet service providers' system disruptions or similar failures unrelated to our systems. Our insurance policies may not adequately  compensate  us  for  any  losses  that  may  occur  due  to  any  failures  in  our  Internet  systems  or  the  systems  of  our  customers'  Internet  service providers.

## Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their networks could adversely impact our business.

We rely significantly upon the ability of consumers to access our products through the internet. If network operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our products over their networks, our business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our membership acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our business could be negatively impacted.

Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives, to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential  treatment  to  their  data  as  opposed  to  ours  or  otherwise  implement  discriminatory  network  management  practices,  our  business  could  be negatively impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs across markets.

## We are subject to payment processing risk.

Our customers pay for our products using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner billing. We rely on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and processing  of  these  payment  methods  are  subject  to  certain  rules  and  regulations,  including  additional  authentication  requirements  for  certain  payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules or regulations concerning payments,  loss  of  payment  partners  and/or  disruptions  or  failures  in  our  payment  processing  systems,  partner  systems  or  payment  products,  including products we use to update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operation could be adversely impacted. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition subscribers or otherwise find alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create negative consumer perceptions of our products. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our business.

## Government regulations could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our businesses are regulated by governmental authorities in the countries in which we operate. Because of our international operations, we must comply with diverse and evolving regulations. Regulation relates to, among other things, licensing, access to satellite transponders, commercial advertising, subscription  rates,  foreign  investment,  Internet  gaming,  use  of  confidential  customer  information  and  content,  including  standards  of  decency/obscenity. Changes in the regulation of our operations or changes in interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulators or our inability to comply with current  or  future  regulations  could  adversely  affect  us  by  reducing  our  revenues,  increasing  our  operating  expenses  and/or  exposing  us  to  significant liabilities.  While  we  are  not  able  to  reliably  predict  particular  regulatory  developments  that  could  affect  us  adversely,  those  regulations  related  to  adult content, the Internet, consumer products and commercial advertising illustrate some of the potential difficulties we face.

Adult content. Regulation of adult content could prevent us from making our content available in various jurisdictions or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The governments of some countries, such as China and India, have sought to limit the influence of other cultures by restricting the distribution of products deemed to represent foreign or 'immoral' influences. Regulation aimed at limiting minors' access to adult content could also increase our cost of operations and introduce technological challenges, such as by requiring development and implementation of age verification systems. U.S. government officials could amend or construe and seek to enforce more broadly or aggressively the adult content recordkeeping and labeling requirements set forth in 18 U.S.C. Section 2257 and its implementing regulations in a manner that is unfavorable to our business.

Internet. Various governmental agencies have imposed and are further considering a number of laws or regulations concerning various aspects of the Internet, including online content, intellectual property rights, user privacy, taxation, access charges, liability for third-party activities and jurisdiction. Regulation of digital content and the Internet could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations by reducing the overall use of the Internet or provision of certain digital content or services, reducing the demand for our products or increasing our cost of doing business.

Consumer products. Any attempts to limit or otherwise regulate the sale or distribution of certain consumer products sold by us or our licensees could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

## We do business in a variety of digital ecosystems, including sales of digital assets and cryptocurrency payments, which is evolving, and uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect our development.

Our products include digital assets, and we have accepted cryptocurrency as payment for certain digital assets. We expect to continue commercial activities in various digital environments and involving digital assets and cryptocurrencies. The technologies supporting cryptocurrencies and digital assets like  blockchain  and  non-fungible  tokens  ('NFT')  are  new  and  rapidly  evolving.  To  the  extent  these  technologies  become  more  widely  utilized  in  the industry,  revenues  from  our  digital  applications  could  be  negatively  impacted,  including  as  a  result  of  greater  competition.  If  we  fail  to  explore  and commercialize these new technologies and apply them innovatively to keep our products and services competitive, we may not experience significant growth of our business. Regulation of digital platforms and assets, such as user-generated content platforms, cryptocurrencies, blockchain technologies, NFTs and cryptocurrency exchanges, is currently underdeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve as government agencies take greater interest in them. Regulation also varies  significantly  among  international,  federal,  state  and  local  jurisdictions  and  is  subject  to  significant  uncertainty.  Various  legislative  and  executive bodies in the United States and in other countries may in the future adopt laws, regulations, or guidance, or take other actions, which may severely impact the digital ecosystems in which we do business or the digital products we sell, as well as the technology behind them or the means of transacting in or transferring them. The regulatory regime governing user-generated content platforms, blockchain technologies, NFTs, cryptocurrencies, digital assets, utility tokens, security tokens and offerings of digital assets is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect our digital products and services.

## We hold and may acquire digital assets that may be subject to volatile market prices, impairment and unique risks of loss.

From time to time, we may hold digital assets, including NFTs and cryptocurrencies such as Ethereum, and may accept cryptocurrency payments from customers for certain products and services. The prices of digital assets have been in the past and may continue to be highly volatile, including as a result of various associated risks and uncertainties. For example, the prevalence of such assets is a relatively recent trend, and their long-term adoption by investors, consumers and businesses is unpredictable. Moreover, their lack of a physical form, their reliance on technology for their creation, existence and transactional validation and their decentralization may subject their integrity to the threat of malicious attacks and technological obsolescence. Finally, the extent to which securities laws or other regulations apply or may apply in the future to such assets is unclear and may change in the future. If we hold digital assets and their values decrease relative to our purchase prices, our financial condition may be adversely impacted.

Moreover, digital assets are currently considered indefinite-lived intangible assets under applicable accounting rules, meaning that any decrease in their  fair  values  below  our  carrying  values  for  such  assets  at  any  time  subsequent  to  their  acquisition  will  require  us  to  recognize  impairment  charges, whereas we may make no upward revisions for any market price increases until a sale, which may adversely affect our operating results in any period in which such impairment occurs. Moreover, there is no guarantee that future changes in GAAP will not require us to change the way we account for digital assets held by us.

Finally, as intangible assets without centralized issuers or governing bodies, digital assets have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks or other malicious activities, including inappropriate access and theft, as well as human errors or computer malfunctions that may result in the loss or destruction of private keys needed to access such assets. While we intend to take all reasonable measures to secure any digital assets, if such  threats  are  realized  or  the  measures  or  controls  we  create  or  implement  to  secure  our  digital  assets  fail,  it  could  result  in  a  partial  or  total misappropriation or loss of our digital assets, and our financial condition and operating results may be adversely impacted.

## If we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach or cyberattack and unauthorized parties obtain access to our data and/or digital assets, we may lose some or all of our data and/or digital assets and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Security breaches and cyberattacks are of particular concern with respect to our digitally-stored information, digital assets and "Web3" activities, including  our  holding  and  processing  of  cryptocurrency  and  other  digital  assets,  including.  Ethereum  and  other  blockchain-based  cryptocurrencies  have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. Hackers have been reported to exploit flaws in crypto marketplace technologies and steal from the accounts of customers, although such flaws may subsequently be fixed and affected customers reimbursed. Nonetheless, a successful security breach or cyberattack could result in a partial or total loss of our digital assets in a manner that may not be covered by insurance or indemnity provisions of the custody agreement with a custodian who holds our digital assets. Such a loss could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

## The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital assets may be irreversible. If we are unable to access our private keys or if we experience a cyberattack or other data loss relating to our digital assets, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

Blockchain based assets are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public key and private key relating to the local or online digital wallet in which the asset is held. While the blockchain ledger requires a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third party from accessing the digital asset held in such wallet. To the extent our private key is lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of the private key is accessible, we will be unable to access the digital assets held in the  related  digital  wallet.  Furthermore,  we  cannot  provide  assurance  that  our  digital  wallets  will  not  be  compromised  as  a  result  of  a  cyberattack. Cryptocurrencies and blockchain technologies have been, and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities.

## Changes affecting the availability of the London Interbank Offered Rate ('LIBOR') may have consequences that we cannot yet fully predict.

We are party to agreements and instruments where obligations by or to us are calculated based on or otherwise dependent on LIBOR. In July 2017, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority ('FCA') announced that it intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for calculation of LIBOR. The publication of one week and two-month USD LIBOR tenors and tenors for EUR, CHF, JPY and GBP LIBOR ceased after December 31, 2021, and the publication of all other USD LIBOR tenors will cease after June 30, 2023. As a result, LIBOR for particular currencies and tenors will not be available for use  in  agreements  and  other  instruments  after  the  relevant  cessation  date  and  may  ultimately  cease  to  be  utilized  prior  to  the  date  publication  ceases. Alternative  benchmark  rate(s)  are  expected  to  replace  LIBOR  in  our  agreements  that  reference  LIBOR,  including,  for  example,  in  our  New  Credit Agreement. At this time, it is difficult for us to predict the full effect of any changes from LIBOR to an alternative benchmark rate upon or prior to the cessation of publication, the phase out of LIBOR generally, or the establishment and use of particular alternative benchmark rates to replace LIBOR. There is uncertainty about how we, the financial markets, applicable law, and the courts will address the replacement of LIBOR with alternative benchmark rates for contracts that do not include appropriate fallback provisions to provide for such alternative benchmark rates. In addition, any changes from LIBOR to an alternative benchmark rate may have an uncertain impact on our cost of funds, our receipts or payments under agreements that reference LIBOR, and the valuation of derivative or other contracts to which we are a party, any of which could impact our results of operations and cash flows.

## We  are  subject  to  risks  resulting  from  our  operations  outside  the  U.S.,  and  we  face  additional  risks  and  challenges  as  we  continue  to  expand internationally.

The international scope of our operations may contribute to volatile financial results and difficulties in managing our business. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 41% and 38%, respectively, of our consolidated revenues from countries outside the U.S. Our international operations expose us to numerous challenges and risks, including, but not limited to, the following:

- adverse political, regulatory, legislative and economic conditions in various jurisdictions;
- costs of complying with varying governmental regulations;
- fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
- difficulties in developing, acquiring or licensing programming and products that appeal to a variety of audiences and cultures;
- global supply chain disruptions;
- scarcity of attractive licensing and joint venture partners;
- the potential need for opening and managing distribution centers abroad; and
- difficulties in protecting intellectual property rights in foreign countries.

In addition, important elements of our business strategy, including capitalizing on advances in technology, expanding distribution of our products and  content  and  leveraging  cross-promotional  marketing  capabilities,  involve  a  continued  commitment  to  expanding  our  business  internationally.  This international  expansion  will  require  considerable  management  and  financial  resources.  We  cannot  assure  you  that  one  or  more  of  these  factors  or  the demands on our management and financial resources would not adversely affect any current or future international operations and our business as a whole.

## Operating as a public company requires us to incur substantial costs and requires substantial management attention.

We will continue to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with the requirements of operating as a public company. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which requires, among other things, that we file with the SEC, annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as rules subsequently adopted by the SEC and Nasdaq to implement provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, impose significant requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and changes in corporate governance practices. Further, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, the SEC has adopted additional rules and regulations in these areas, such as mandatory 'say on pay' voting requirements. Stockholder activism, the current political environment and the current high level of government intervention and regulatory reform may lead to  substantial  new  regulations  and  disclosure  obligations,  including  with  respect  to  environmental,  social  and  governance  matters,  which  may  lead  to additional compliance costs and impact the manner in which we operate our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate.

The rules and regulations applicable to public companies have and are expected to continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some corporate activities more time consuming. If these requirements divert the attention of our management and personnel from other business concerns, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The increased costs could decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors, our board committees or as executive officers.

## Our expansion into new products, technologies, and geographic regions subjects us to additional risks.

We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or content offerings. These offerings, which can present new and difficult technology and regulatory challenges, may subject us to claims if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures or other quality issues. In addition, profitability, if any, in our newer activities may not meet our expectations, and we may not be successful enough in these newer activities to recoup our investments in them. Failure to realize the benefits of amounts we invest in new technologies, products, or content could result in the value of those investments being written down or written off.

## We expect to incur transaction costs in connection with our corporate transactions and strategic opportunities, which could require additional financing that may not be available to us on acceptable terms.

We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant costs and expenses in connection with past and future corporate transactions and strategic  opportunities,  including  with  respect  to  acquisitions  and  financing  transactions,  for  financial  advisory,  legal,  accounting,  consulting  and  other advisory fees and expenses, reorganization and restructuring costs, litigation defense costs, severance/employee benefit-related expenses, filing fees, printing expenses and other related charges. There are also a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated in connection with our corporate transactions. There are many factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or timing of expenses related to such transactions. These costs and expenses could reduce the benefits and income we expect to achieve from our corporate transactions.

We may, in the future, require additional capital to help fund all or part of potential corporate transactions and strategic opportunities. If, at the time required, we do not have sufficient cash to finance those additional capital needs, we will need to raise additional funds through equity and/or debt financing. We cannot guarantee that, if and when needed, additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If additional capital is needed and is either unavailable or cost prohibitive, our growth may be limited as we may need to change our business strategy to slow the rate of, or eliminate, our expansion plans. In addition, any additional financing we undertake could impose additional covenants upon us that restrict our operating flexibility, and, if we issue equity securities to raise capital, our existing stockholders may experience dilution or the new securities may have rights senior to those of our common stock.

## We have  entered  into,  and  may  enter  into  further,  joint  ventures  and  strategic  partnerships,  which  could  be  adversely  affected  by  our  lack  of  sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our partners or disputes between us and our partners.

We have entered into, and may enter into further, joint ventures and strategic partnerships, in some of which we may not hold controlling interests or  operating  control.  Even  if  we  legally  control  such  ventures,  there  may  be  circumstances  under  which  we  would  not  exercise  sole  decision-making authority regarding their business. Joint ventures and strategic partnerships may, under certain circumstances, involve risks not present were we were in sole control or another party were involved. Joint venture and strategic partners may have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our policies or objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk  of  impasses  on  decisions,  because  neither  we  nor  the  partner  would  have  full  control  over  the  venture.  Disputes  between  us  and  joint  venture  and strategic  partners  may  result  in  legal  action  that  would  increase  our  expenses  and  divert  management's  attention.  In  addition,  we  may  in  certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our joint venture or strategic partners.

## We may seek strategic opportunities in industries or sectors that may be outside of our management's areas of expertise.

We may consider strategic opportunities outside of our management's areas of expertise if an attractive transaction or target is presented to us and we determine that represents an advantageous opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular opportunity, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a strategic transaction counterparty.

## Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources.

We continue to expand our global operations, including increasing our product and service offerings and scaling our infrastructure to support our retail and services businesses. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results.

## In  pursuing  strategic  opportunities  and  corporate  transactions,  we  may  incur  various  costs  and  liabilities  and  we  may  never  realize  the  anticipated benefits of such opportunities.

If  attractive  opportunities  become  available,  we  may  continue  to  pursue  strategic  transactions,  products  or  technologies  that  we  believe  are strategically advantageous to us. Transactions of this sort could involve numerous risks, including:

- unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures arising from the process of integrating any new business, product or technology, including related personnel;
- diversion of a significant amount of management's attention from the ongoing development of our business;
- dilution of existing stockholders' ownership interest in us;
- incurrence of additional debt;
- exposure to additional operational risk and liability, including risks arising from the operating history of any new or modified businesses;
- entry into markets and geographic areas where we have limited or no experience;
- loss of key employees;
- adverse effects on our relationships with suppliers and customers; and
- adverse effects on any existing relationships, including suppliers and customers.

Furthermore, we may not be successful in identifying appropriate strategic transaction candidates or consummating transactions on terms favorable or acceptable to us or at all.

When we pursue new strategic opportunities or corporate transactions, our due diligence reviews are subject to inherent uncertainties and may not reveal all potential risks. We may therefore fail to discover or inaccurately assess undisclosed or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for which we may have  responsibility.  As  a  successor,  we  may  be  responsible  for  any  past  or  continuing  violations  of  law  by  the  seller  or  the  target  company,  including violations  of  decency  laws.  Although  we  generally  attempt  to  seek  contractual  protections,  such  as  representations  and  warranties  and  indemnities,  we cannot be sure that we will obtain such provisions in our transactions or that such provisions will fully protect us from all unknown, contingent or other liabilities or costs. Finally, claims against us relating to any transaction may necessitate our seeking claims against counterparties for which they may not indemnify us or that may exceed the scope, duration or amount of their indemnification obligations.

## The success of our business may depends in part on achieving our strategic objectives, including through strategic transactions, dispositions and new initiatives.

Strategic transactions have been, and are expected to continue to be, part of our strategy, and may include dispositions of assets and businesses. We may  not  achieve  expected  returns  and  benefits  in  connection  with  this  strategy  as  a  result  of  various  factors,  including  transition  challenges,  such  as operational,  personnel  and  technology  platform  changes.  In  addition,  we  may  not  achieve  the  full  economic  benefits  anticipated  to  result  from  such transactions.

Further, dispositions and strategic transactions may distract our management's time and attention and disrupt our ongoing business operations or relationships with customers, employees, suppliers or other parties. We continue to evaluate the potential disposition of assets and businesses that may no longer help us achieve our strategic objectives, and to view strategic transactions as a key part of our growth strategy.

If we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty in finding attractive terms or buyers or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner, which could delay the accomplishment of our strategic objectives. Alternatively, we may dispose of a business at a price or on terms that are less than we had anticipated, or with the exclusion of select assets. Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in a divested business, such as through continuing equity ownership, transition service agreements, guarantees, indemnities or other current or contingent financial obligations. Under these arrangements, performance by the acquired or divested business, or other conditions outside our control, could affect our future financial results.

## Our strategic opportunities and corporate transactions may result in disruptions in our business and diversion of management's attention.

Any strategic opportunities or corporate transactions could require changes to our operations, products and/or personnel. Such transactions may disrupt  our  operations  and  divert  management's  attention  from  day-to-day  operations,  which  could  impair  our  relationships  with  current  employees, customers and partners. We may also incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for the costs of any strategic opportunities or corporate transactions. These issuances could be substantially dilutive to our stockholders. In addition, our profitability may suffer because of transaction-related costs. If management is unable to successfully manage new business opportunities, products or personnel, we may not receive the benefits of our strategic opportunities or corporate transactions, and our revenues and stock trading price may decrease.

## We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our strategic opportunities or corporate transactions or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected.

Our ability  to  realize  anticipated  benefits  of  our  strategic  opportunities  and  corporate  transactions  depends,  to  a  large  extent,  on  our  ability  to implement changes that facilitate such opportunities and realize anticipated streamlining and synergies. We generally expect to benefit from streamlining, through reduced costs or outsourcing of responsibilities to third parties, and operational synergies from consolidation of capabilities and greater efficiencies from increased scale and market integration. However, this process may preclude or impede realization of the benefits expected from strategic opportunities or  corporate  transactions  and  could  adversely  affect  our  results  of  operations.  We  cannot  be  certain  that  we  will  not  be  required  to  implement  further realignment activities, make additions or other changes to our workforce based on other cost reduction measures or changes in the markets and industry in which we compete. In addition, future business conditions and events may impact our ability to continue to realize any benefits of these initiatives. If we are not able to successfully achieve these objectives, the anticipated benefits of our transactions may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected.

## Any future strategic opportunities or corporate transactions may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to our earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.

Future strategic opportunities or corporate transactions may not be accretive to our earnings per share. Our expectations regarding the timeframe in which  such  transactions  may  become  accretive  to  our  earnings  per  share  may  not  be  realized.  In  addition,  we  could  fail  to  realize  all  of  the  benefits anticipated in such transactions or experience delays or inefficiencies in realizing such benefits. Such factors could, combined with the potential issuance of shares of our common stock in connection with any such transactions, result in them being dilutive to our earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of our common stock.

## Our senior secured credit agreement contains various covenants, restrictions and required financial ratios and tests that limit our operating flexibility. The violation of one or more of these covenants, ratios or tests could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

Our senior secured credit agreement contains covenants that limit our actions. These covenants could materially and adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities that may be in our best interests. The covenants restrict our ability to, among other things:

- incur or guarantee additional indebtedness;
- make loans and investments;
- enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries' abilities to pay dividends;
- create liens;

- sell or otherwise dispose of assets;
- enter new lines of business;
- merge or consolidate with other entities; and
- engage in transactions with affiliates.

The senior secured credit agreement also contains financial covenants requiring us to maintain a specified maximum total gross leverage ratio. In December 2022 and February 2023, we made payments of $25 million and $45 million, respectively, for total payments of $70 million since the third amendment of our credit agreement in December 2022, providing us with waivers of the total net leverage ratio covenant through the second quarter of 2024 and resulting in the elimination of cash maintenance covenants, the lenders' board observer rights and applicable additional margin provided for under the credit agreement, as amended through February 2023.

The covenants in our senior secured credit agreement place significant restrictions on the manner in which we may operate our business, and our ability to meet these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and if such events occur, we cannot be sure that we will be able to comply.

In addition, we are required to assess our ability to continue as a going concern as part of our preparation of financial statements at each quarterend. This assessment includes, among other things, our ability to comply with the covenants and requirements under our senior secured credit agreement. If in future periods we are not able to demonstrate that we will be in compliance with the financial covenant requirements in our credit agreement for at least 12 months following the date of the financial statements, management could conclude there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern,  and  the  audit  opinion  that  we  would  receive  from  our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  would  include  an  explanatory  paragraph regarding our ability to continue as a going concern. Such an opinion could cause us to be in breach of the covenants in our senior secured credit agreement and other of our agreements.

If  we  fail  to  satisfy  any  of  the  foregoing  covenants,  the  lenders  could  declare  the  outstanding  principal  amount  of  our  senior  secured  credit agreement, including accrued and unpaid interest and all other amounts owing and payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

## If we do not adequately adopt and manage our reporting and enterprise systems and processes, our ability to manage and grow our business may be adversely impacted.

We are in the process of adopting and implementing new systems and processes across our businesses, which will allow us to execute our business plan and comply with regulations. We will need to continue to improve existing and implement new operational and financial systems, procedures and controls to manage our business effectively in the future. As a result, we have licensed new enterprise systems and have begun a process to expand and upgrade our operational and financial systems. If the systems we have chosen do not fit our business appropriately or if there are material delays in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, our new or enhanced systems, procedures or internal controls, our ability to realize the benefits and value  of  the  systems  as  anticipated,  operate  our  business  as  intended,  achieve  accuracy  in  the  conversion  of  electronic  data  and  records,  and/or  report financial and management information, could be adversely affected. As a result of the conversion from prior systems and processes, data integrity problems may be discovered that if not corrected could impact our business or financial results. In addition, as we add functionality to the enterprise systems and complete implementations across our businesses, new issues could arise that we have not foreseen. Such issues could adversely affect our ability to do, among other things, the following in a timely manner: provide quotes; take customer orders; ship products; provide services and support to our customers; bill  and track our customers; fulfill contractual obligations; and otherwise run our business. Failure to properly or adequately address these issues could result in the diversion of management's attention and resources, impact our ability to manage our business and negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and stock price.

## A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products, impair our ability to provide our products or increase the cost of providing our products.

Demand for our products can be significantly adversely affected in the U.S., globally or in specific regions as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including: adverse weather conditions arising from short-term weather patterns or long-term change, catastrophic events or natural disasters (such  as  excessive  heat  or  rain,  hurricanes,  typhoons,  floods,  tsunamis  and  earthquakes);  health  concerns,  such  as  pandemics;  international,  political  or military developments; and terrorist attacks. These events and others, such as fluctuations in travel and energy costs and computer virus attacks, intrusions or other  widespread computing or telecommunications failures, may also damage our ability to provide our products or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to these events. An incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide products and content. Moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents reduces the profitability of our operations.

In addition, we derive affiliate fees and royalties from the distribution of our programming, sales of our licensed goods and services by third parties, and the management of businesses operated under brands licensed from us, and we are therefore dependent on the successes of those third parties for that portion of our revenue. A wide variety of factors could influence the success of those third parties and if negative factors significantly impacted a sufficient number of those third parties, the profitability of one or more of our businesses could be adversely affected.

We obtain insurance against the risk of losses relating to some of these events, generally including physical damage to our property and resulting business interruption, certain injuries occurring on our property and some liabilities for alleged breach of legal responsibilities. When insurance is obtained it is subject to deductibles, exclusions, terms, conditions and limits of liability. The types and levels of coverage we obtain vary from time to time depending on our view of the likelihood of specific types and levels of loss in relation to the cost of obtaining coverage for such types and levels of loss and we may experience material losses not covered by our insurance.

## Our financial condition and results of operations have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the coronavirus pandemic.

A novel strain of coronavirus ('COVID-19') was first identified in China in December 2019, and was subsequently declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization. To date, this pandemic and preventative measures taken to contain or mitigate the pandemic have caused, and may continue to cause, business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas and significant disruption in the financial markets, both globally and in the United States. These events  have  led  to  and  could  continue  to  lead  to  a  decline  in  discretionary  spending  by  consumers,  and  in  turn  materially  impact,  our  business,  sales, financial condition and results of operations. We may experience a negative impact on our sales, operations and financial results, and we cannot predict the degree to, or the time period over, which our sales, operations and financial results will continue to be subject to risk by the pandemic and preventative measures. Risks presented by the COVID-19 pandemic include, but are not limited to:

- Deterioration in economic conditions in the United States and globally, including China and Australia;
- Reduced consumer demand for our products as consumers seek to reduce or delay discretionary spending in response to the impacts of COVID-19, including as a result of a rise in unemployment rates and diminished consumer confidence;
- Decreased retail traffic as a result of store closures, reduced operating hours, social distancing restrictions and/or changes in consumer behavior;
- Disruption of our ability to complete or find new licensing deals and commercial collaborations;
- The risk that any safety protocols in our facilities will not be effective or not be perceived as effective, or that any virus-related illnesses will be linked or alleged to be linked to such facilities, whether accurate or not;
- Incremental  costs  resulting  from  the  adoption  of  preventative  measures,  including  providing  facial  coverings  and  hand  sanitizer,  rearranging operations to follow social distancing protocols, conducting temperature checks and undertaking regular and thorough disinfecting of surfaces;
- Inventory shortages caused by a combination of increased demand for our products and longer lead-times in the manufacturing and delivery of our products, due to work restrictions related to COVID-19, import/export conditions such as port congestion, and local government orders;
- Disruption  to  our  distribution  centers  and  our  third-party  manufacturing  partners  and  other  vendors,  including  through  the  effects  of  facility closures,  reductions  in  operating  hours,  labor  shortages,  and  real  time  changes  in  operating  procedures,  including  for  additional  cleaning  and disinfection procedures;
- Bankruptcies or other financial difficulties facing our wholesale customers or licensing partners, which could cause them to be unable to make or delay making payments to us, or result in cancellation or reduction of their orders or licensing agreements;
- Impacts to our distribution and logistics providers' ability to operate or increases in their operating costs. These supply chain effects may have an adverse effect on our ability to meet consumer demand, including digital demand, and could result in an increase in our costs of production and distribution, including increased freight and logistics costs and other expenses; and
- Significant disruption of and volatility in global financial markets, which could have a negative impact on our ability to access capital in the future.

We continue to monitor the latest developments regarding the pandemic and have made certain assumptions regarding the pandemic for purposes of our  operating,  financial  and  tax  planning  projections,  including  assumptions  regarding  the  duration  and  severity  of  the  pandemic  and  the  global macroeconomic impacts of the pandemic. However, we are unable to accurately predict the extent of the impact of the pandemic on our business, operations and financial condition due to the uncertainty of future developments. Even in those regions where our businesses recover, should those regions fail to fully contain COVID-19 or suffer a COVID-19 relapse, those markets may not recover as quickly or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The pandemic may also affect our business, operations or financial condition in a manner that is not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks. In addition, the impact of COVID-19 may also exacerbate other risks discussed in this ' Risk Factors ' section, which could have a material effect on us.

## Global economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.

The uncertain state of the global economy continues to impact businesses around the world. If global economic and financial market conditions further deteriorate or do not improve, the following factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition:

- Our sales are impacted by discretionary spending by consumers. Declines in consumer spending may result in reduced demand for our products, increased inventories, reduced orders from retailers for our products, order cancellations, lower revenues, higher discounts and lower gross margins.
- In the future, we may be unable to access financing in the credit and capital markets at reasonable rates in the event we find it desirable to do so.
- We conduct transactions in various currencies, which creates exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. Dollar. Continued volatility in the markets and exchange rates for foreign currencies and contracts in foreign currencies could have a significant impact on our reported operating results and financial condition.
- As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant. Adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including a general tightening of the availability of credit, decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, increased energy costs, acts of war or terrorism, transportation disruptions, natural disasters, declining consumer confidence, sustained high  levels  of  unemployment  or  significant  declines  in  stock  markets,  as  well  as  concerns  regarding  pandemics,  epidemics  and  the  spread  of contagious diseases, could lead to a further reduction in discretionary spending.
- Continued volatility in the availability and prices for commodities and raw materials we use in our products and in our supply chain (such as cotton or petroleum derivatives) could have a material adverse effect on our costs, gross margins and profitability.
- If retailers of our products experience declining revenues or experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets to purchase our  products,  this  could  result  in  reduced  orders  for  our  products,  order  cancellations,  late  retailer  payments,  extended  payment  terms,  higher accounts receivable, reduced cash flows, greater expense associated with collection efforts and increased bad debt expense.
- If  licensees  or  retailers  of  our  products  experience  severe  financial  difficulty,  including  becoming  insolvent  or  ceasing  business  operations,  this could negatively impact the sale of our products to consumers and the ability of such licensees or retailers to make required payments to us.
- Our business is particularly sensitive to reductions from time to time in discretionary consumer spending. Demand for entertainment and leisure activities  can  be  affected  by  changes  in  the  economy  and  consumer  tastes,  both  of  which  are  difficult  to  predict  and  beyond  our  control. Unfavorable  changes  in  general  economic  conditions,  including  recessions,  economic  slowdowns,  sustained  high  levels  of  unemployment,  and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions, may reduce our users' disposable income or result in fewer individuals engaging in entertainment and leisure activities, including lifestyle experiences such as casino gaming, and lower spending on sexual wellness, apparel or beauty products. As a result, we cannot ensure that demand for our offerings will remain constant.

If contract manufacturers of our products or other participants in our supply chain experience difficulty obtaining financing in the capital and credit markets  to  purchase  raw  materials  or  to  finance  capital  equipment  and  other  general  working  capital  needs,  it  may  result  in  delays  or  non-delivery  of shipments of our products.

We derive, and expect to continue to derive, a significant portion of our revenue from China, our business development plans, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected by significant political, social and economic developments in China. A slowdown in economic growth in China, such as due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, could adversely impact our licensees in China, prospective customers, suppliers, distributors  and  partners  of  our  licensees  in  China,  which  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  In addition, a deterioration in trade relations between the U.S. and China or other countries, or the negative perception of U.S. brands by Chinese or other international  consumers,  could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  results  of  operations  and  financial  condition.  There  is  no  guarantee  that  economic downturns, any further decrease in economic growth rates or an otherwise uncertain economic outlook in China will not persist in the future, that they will not be protracted or that governments will respond adequately to control and reverse such conditions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## We have a material amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, including our trademarks, recorded on our balance sheet. As a result of changes in market conditions and declines in the estimated fair value of these assets, we have in the past, and we may in the future, be required to further write down a portion of this goodwill and other intangible assets and such write-down could, as applicable, have a material effect on our financial results.

As of December 31, 2021, goodwill was $270.6 million, or approximately 29% of our total consolidated assets, and trademarks and other intangible assets represented approximately $418.4 million, or approximately 45% of our total consolidated assets. Under current U.S. GAAP accounting standards, goodwill and indefinite life intangible assets, including some of our trademarks, are not amortized, but instead are subject to impairment evaluation based on related estimated fair values, with such testing to be done at least annually.

During  the  third  quarter  of  2022,  as  a  result  of  impacts  to  our  revenue  attributable  to  macroeconomic  factors,  we  recorded  non-cash  asset impairment charges related to the write-down of goodwill of $133.8 million and trademarks and other intangible assets of $170.1 million. No impairment charges were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. As of December 31, 2022, goodwill was $123.2 million, or approximately 22% of our total consolidated assets, and trademarks and other intangible assets were $236.3 million, or approximately 43% of our total consolidated assets.

There can be no assurance that any future downturn in the business of any of our segments, or a continued decrease in our market capitalization, will not result in a further write-down of goodwill or other intangibles. We will review our goodwill, trademarks, digital assets and other intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Any write-down of intangible assets resulting from future periodic evaluations could, as applicable, have a material effect on our financial results.

## Additional Risks Related to Our Licensing and Direct-to-Consumer Businesses

## We utilize various licensing and selling models in our operations, and our success is dependent on our ability to manage these different models.

In addition to the licensing model, we operate online and brick-and-mortar retail stores and we produce and sell directly to customers. Although we believe  these  various  models  could  have  certain  benefits,  these  models  could  themselves  be  unsuccessful  and  our  beliefs  could  turn  out  to  be  wrong. Moreover, our pursuit of these different models could divert management's attention and other resources, including time and capital. As a result, our future success depends in part on our ability to successfully manage these multiple models. If we are unable to do so, our performance, financial condition and prospects could be adversely impacted.

## Risks that impact our business as a whole may also impact the success of our direct-to-consumer, or DTC, business.

We may not successfully execute on our DTC strategy (which includes our online and brick-and-mortar retail platforms). Consumers may not be willing to pay for an expanding set of DTC products, potentially exacerbated by an economic downturn. Government regulation, including revised foreign content and ownership regulations, may impact the implementation of our DTC business plans. Poor quality broadband infrastructure in certain markets may impact our customers' access to our DTC products and may diminish our customers' experience with our DTC products. These and other risks may impact the profitability and success of our DTC businesses.

## The agency relationship for our consumer brands licensing business may not ultimately be successful.

We currently engage an agency to act as our global products licensing agent. In the event we need to engage a new agency to act as our global products licensing agent, the transition from the current licensing agent to a new global products licensing agent may be subject to delays, as the new global agent may lack institutional knowledge of our consumer brand licensing business, and there may be unanticipated issues arising from the new relationship and the transition. The failure of our global agent to find or maintain revenue-enhancing licensing opportunities for the business could have an adverse impact on the revenue and cash flows of our consumer business.

## Our growth will depend on our ability to attract and retain customers and subscribers, and the loss of customers or subscribers, failure to attract new customers  and  subscribers  in  a  cost-effective  manner,  or  failure  to  effectively  manage  our  growth  could  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial condition, results of operations and prospects.

Our ability to achieve growth in revenue in the future will depend, in large part, upon our ability to attract new customers and subscribers to our offerings, retain existing customers and subscribers of our offerings and reactivate customers and subscribers in a cost-effective manner. Achieving such growth may require us to increasingly engage in sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts, some or all of which may not provide a material return on  investment.  We  have  used  and  expect  to  continue  to  use  a  variety  of  free  and  paid  marketing  channels,  in  combination  with  compelling  offers  and opportunities to achieve our objectives. For paid marketing, we intend to leverage a broad array of advertising channels, including billboards, radio, social media platforms, planes, affiliates and paid and organic search, and other digital channels, such as search and mobile display. If the search engines and other digital platforms on which we rely modify their algorithms, change their terms, including with respect to cookies, data and/or privacy controls, or if the prices at which we use such services increase, then our costs could increase, and fewer customers and subscribers may reach our use our platforms. If links to our platforms are not displayed prominently in online search results or on social media, if fewer customers or subscribers click through to our platforms, if our  other  marketing  campaigns  are  not  effective,  or  if  the  costs  of  attracting  customers  and  subscribers  using  any  of  our  current  methods  significantly increase,  then  our  ability  to  efficiently  attract  new  customers  and  subscribers  could  be  reduced,  our  revenue  could  decline  and  our  business,  financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.

Additionally, as technological or regulatory standards change and we modify our offerings to comply with those standards, we may need customers and  subscribers  to  take  certain  actions  to  continue  accessing  our  platforms,  such  as  performing  age  verification  checks  or  accepting  new  terms  and conditions.  Customers and subscribers may be deterred from using our offerings at any time, including if the quality of their experience, including our support capabilities in the event of a problem, does not meet their expectations or keep pace with the quality of the customer experience generally offered by competitive offerings.

## If we are unable to predict or effectively react to changes in consumer demand or shopping patterns, our sales may decline and we may write-down inventory.

Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demand, preferences, and shopping patterns, which cannot be predicted with certainty and are subject to continual change and evolution. If we are unable to provide a retail experience that aligns with consumer expectations and preferences, it could have an adverse impact on our revenues, business and results of operations.

We often  make  advance  commitments  to  purchase  products,  which  may  make  it  more  difficult  for  us  to  adapt  to  rapidly-evolving  changes  in consumer preferences. Furthermore, supply chain challenges due to the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors have made it more difficult to obtain certain in-demand  products  at  the  right  times.  Our  sales  could  decline  significantly  if  we  misjudge  the  market  for  our  new  merchandise,  which  may  result  in significant merchandise markdowns and lower margins, missed opportunities for other products, or inventory write-downs, and could have a negative impact on our reputation, profitability and demand. Failure to meet stockholder expectations, particularly with respect to earnings, sales, and operating margins, could also result in volatility in the market value of our stock.

We record a charge for product inventories that have become obsolete or exceed anticipated demand, or for which cost exceeds net realizable value. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we record a write-down by the amount for which costs exceed net realizable value. No assurance can be given that we will not incur write-downs, fees, impairments and other charges given the rapid and unpredictable pace of product obsolescence in the directto-consumer markets in which we compete. For the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, we recorded non-cash inventory reserve charges of $4.2 million.

## Our business depends on consumer purchases of discretionary items, which can be negatively impacted during an economic downturn or periods of inflation. This could materially impact our sales, profitability and financial condition.

Many  of  our  products  may  be  considered  discretionary  items  for  consumers.  Many  factors  impact  discretionary  spending,  including  general economic conditions, unemployment, the availability of consumer credit and inflationary pressures and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. Global economic conditions may continue to be uncertain, particularly in light of the impacts of COVID-19, and the potential impacts of increasing inflation in  the  United  States  (our  largest  market)  remain  unknown,  making  trends  in  consumer  discretionary  spending  unpredictable.  Historically,  consumer purchases of discretionary items tend to decline during recessionary periods when disposable income is lower or during other periods of economic instability or uncertainty, which may lead to declines in sales and slow our long-term growth expectations. Any near or long-term economic disruptions in markets where  we  sell  our  products,  particularly  in  the  United  States,  China  or  other  key  markets,  may  adversely  impact  our  sales,  profitability  and  financial condition  and  our  prospects  for  growth.  In  addition,  as  pandemic  conditions  improve  and  restrictions  ease,  we  are  unable  to  predict  whether  consumer preferences for discretionary items will shift and the level of consumer spending within our industry will be negatively impacted for a period of time. If this were to occur, our sales and prospects for growth may be negatively impacted.

## A substantial portion of our licensing revenue is concentrated with a limited number of licensees and retail partners, such that the loss of a licensee or retail partner could materially decrease our revenue and cash flows.

Our licensing revenues are concentrated with a limited number of licensees and retail partners. For instance, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the five largest license agreements comprised 18% and 20% of consolidated revenues, respectively, and the largest licensee contributed 8% and 9% of consolidated revenues, respectively, during those years. Because we are dependent on these licensees for a significant portion of our licensing revenue, if any of these licensees were to have financial difficulties affecting their ability to make payments, cease operations, or if any of these licensees decides not to renew or extend any existing agreements, or to significantly reduce its sales of licensed products under any agreement, we could be required to adjust how we account for revenue pursuant to such licenses, and our revenue and cash flows could be reduced substantially, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or business.

## Our wholesale licensing arrangements subject us to a number of risks.

We have entered into several arrangements in connection with our licensing strategy. Although we believe our licensing arrangements may have certain benefits, these arrangements are subject to a number of risks and our beliefs could turn out to be wrong. If any of these risks occur and we do not achieve the intended or expected benefits of our licensing strategy, our results of operations, and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

The  terms  of  our  licensing  arrangements  vary.  These  different  terms  could  have  a  material  impact  on  our  performance.  These  effects  on  our performance could become increasingly significant in future periods, to the extent our new licensees gain traction over time with new retailers and consumer bases and the proportion of our royalty revenues from these licensees increases, or if we pursue similar arrangements in the future.

Additionally, in licensing arrangements, we have limited ability to control various aspects of the manufacturing process, including access to raw materials, the timing of delivery of finished products, the quality of finished products and manufacturing costs. Our licensees may not be able to produce finished products of the quality or in the quantities that are sufficient to meet retailer and consumer demand in a timely manner or at all, which could result in an inability to generate revenues from any such products and loss of confidence in our brands. Interruptions or delays in the manufacturing process can occur at any time and for a variety of reasons, many of which are outside our control, including, among others, unforecasted spikes in demand, shortages of raw materials, labor disputes, backlogs, insufficient devotion of resources to the manufacture of products bearing our brands, or problems that may arise with manufacturing operations or facilities or our licensees' businesses generally. On the other hand, our licensees may produce inventory in excess of retailer and consumer demand, in which case over-supply may cause retail prices of products bearing our brands to decline. Further, we compete with other brand owners for the time and resources of our licensees, which could curtail or limit our ability to engage new or maintain relationships with existing licensee partners on acceptable terms or at all. Further, the unplanned loss of any of our wholesale licensees could lead to inadequate market coverage for retail sales of  products  bearing  our  brands,  create  negative  impressions  of  us  and  our  brands  with  retailers  and  consumers,  and  add  downward  pricing  pressure  on products bearing our brands as a result of liquidating a former wholesaler's inventory of such products. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely impact our reputation, performance and financial condition.

## We rely on the accuracy of our licensees' sales reports for reporting and collecting our royalty revenues, and if these reports are untimely or incorrect, our revenues could be delayed or inaccurately reported or collected.

Most of our licensing royalty revenues are generated from retailers that manufacture and sell products bearing our brands in their stores and on their websites, and from wholesalers that manufacture and distribute products bearing our brands and sell these products to retailers. In addition, we generate revenues from licensees that sell products that we have developed and designed. Under our existing agreements, our licensees pay us fees based on their sales of products or, for some of our wholesale licensees, based on their manufacturing costs. As a result, we rely on our licensees to accurately report their sales or costs in collecting our license and design fees, preparing our financial reports, projections and budgets and directing our sales and marketing efforts. Although all of our agreements permit us to audit our licensees, if any of them understate their sales or costs, we may not collect and recognize the royalty revenues to which we are entitled on a timely basis or at all, or we may endure significant expense to obtain compliance.

## The failure of licensees to adequately produce, market, import and sell products bearing Playboy's trademarks in their license categories, continue their operations, renew their license agreements or pay their obligations under their license agreements could result in a decline in the results of operations of our business.

A significant part of our revenues depends on royalty payments made to us pursuant to license agreements. Although the license agreements for our trademarks usually require the advance payment of a portion of the license fees and, in most cases, provide for guaranteed minimum royalty payments to us, the failure of licensees to satisfy their obligations under these agreements, or their inability to operate successfully or at all, could result in their breach and/or the early termination of such agreements, their non-renewal of such agreements or the decision to amend such agreements to reduce the guaranteed minimum royalty payments or sales royalties due thereunder, thereby eliminating some or all of that stream of revenue.

There can be no assurances that we will not lose the licensees under our license agreements due to their failure to exercise the option to renew or extend the term of those agreements or the cessation of their business operations (as a result of their financial difficulties or otherwise) without equivalent options for replacement. Any of such failures could reduce the anticipated revenue stream to be generated by the license agreements. In addition, the failure of licensees to meet their production, manufacturing and distribution requirements, or to be able to continue to import goods (including, without limitation, as  a  result  of  labor  strikes  or  unrest),  could  cause  a  decline  in  their  sales  and  potentially  decrease  the  amount  of  royalty  payments  (over  and  above  the guaranteed minimum royalty payments) due to us. Any decrease in royalties for any of the above reasons could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or business.

Further, the failure of licensees and/or their third party manufacturers, which we do not control, to adhere to local laws, industry standards and practices generally accepted in the United States in areas of worker safety, worker rights of association, social compliance, and general health and welfare, could result in accidents and practices that cause disruptions or delays in production and/or adversely impact the reputation of our trademarks, any of which could  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  the  business  and  financial  results  of  our  business.  A  weak  economy  or  softness  in  sectors  of  licensees  of  our consumer business could exacerbate this risk. This, in turn, could decrease our potential revenues and cash flows.

## We rely on third parties to help operate certain aspects of our e-commerce business. If these third parties fail to perform, our business could be adversely impacted.

We are dependent on information technology systems and third parties to operate certain of our e-commerce and subscription websites, process transactions, respond to customer inquiries and maintain cost-efficient operations. The failure of our information technology systems to operate properly or effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or difficulty in integrating new systems, could adversely affect our business. Our information technology systems, websites, and operations of third parties on whom we rely, may encounter damage or disruption or slowdown caused by a failure to successfully upgrade systems, system failures, viruses, computer 'hackers', natural disasters, pandemics, or other causes. These could cause information, including data related to customer orders, to be lost or delayed which could result in delays in the delivery of products to our customers or lost sales,  which could reduce demand for our products and cause our sales to decline. Any significant disruption in our information technology systems or websites could adversely impact our reputation and credibility and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## Our commercial agreements, strategic alliances, and other business relationships expose us to risks.

We provide physical, e-commerce, and omnichannel retail and other products and content to businesses through commercial agreements, strategic alliances,  and  business  relationships.  These  arrangements  are  complex  and  require  substantial  infrastructure  capacity,  personnel,  and  other  resource commitments, which may limit the amount of business we can service. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of these commercial  relationships,  which  may  include  web  services,  fulfillment,  customer  service,  inventory  management,  tax  collection,  payment  processing, hardware, content, and third-party software, and engaging third parties to perform services. The amount of compensation we receive under certain of our commercial agreements is partially dependent on the volume of the other company's sales. Therefore, when the other company's offerings are not successful, the compensation we receive may be lower than expected or the agreement may be terminated. Moreover, we may not be able to enter into additional or alternative commercial relationships and strategic alliances on favorable terms. We also may be subject to claims from businesses to which we provide these products and content if we are unsuccessful in implementing, maintaining, or developing these products and content.

As our agreements terminate, we may be unable to renew or replace these agreements on comparable terms, or at all. We may in the future enter into amendments on less favorable terms or encounter parties that have difficulty meeting their contractual obligations to us, which could adversely affect our operating results.

Our present and future e-commerce services agreements, other commercial agreements, and strategic alliances create additional risks such as:

- disruption of our ongoing business, including loss of management focus on existing businesses;
- impairment of other relationships;
- variability in revenue and income from entering into, amending, or terminating such agreements or relationships; and
- difficulty integrating under the commercial agreements.

## We may be subject to product liability claims when people or property are harmed by the products we sell or manufacture.

Some of the products we sell or manufacture may expose us to product liability claims relating to personal injury or illness, death, or environmental or property damage, and can require product recalls or other actions. Third parties who sell products using our platforms and stores increase our exposure to product liability claims, such as when these sellers do not have sufficient protection from such claims. Although we maintain liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Although we impose contractual terms on sellers that are intended to prohibit sales of certain type of products, we may not be able to detect, enforce, or collect sufficient damages for breaches of such agreements. In addition, some of our agreements with our vendors and sellers do not indemnify us from product liability.

## Our consumer business is subject to additional risks associated with our international licensees.

Many of the licensees of our consumer business are located outside the U.S. Our consumer business and our licensees face numerous risks in doing business  outside  the  U.S.,  including:  (i)  unusual  or  burdensome  foreign  laws  or  regulatory  requirements  or  unexpected  changes  to  those  laws  or requirements;  (ii)  tariffs,  trade  protection  measures,  import  or  export  licensing  requirements,  trade  embargoes,  sanctions  and  other  trade  barriers; (iii)  competition  from  foreign  companies;  (iv)  longer  accounts  receivable  collection  cycles  and  difficulties  in  collecting  accounts  receivable;  (v)  less effective and less predictable protection and enforcement of intellectual property rights; (vi) changes in the political or economic condition of a specific country or region (including, without limitation, as a result of political unrest), particularly in emerging markets or jurisdictions where political events may strongly  influence  consumer  spending;  (vii)  fluctuations  in  the  value  of  foreign  currency  versus  the  U.S.  dollar,  the  cost  of  currency  exchange  and compliance with exchange controls; (viii) potentially adverse tax consequences; and (ix) cultural differences in the conduct of business. Any one or more of such factors could cause the future international sales of licensees to decline. In addition, the business practices of our consumer business in international markets are subject to the requirements of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and all other applicable anti-bribery laws, any violation of which could subject us to significant fines, criminal sanctions and other penalties. The occurrence of any of the above risks and uncertainties could result in a material adverse effect on our consumer business's financial condition, results of operations or business.

## Additional Risks Related to Our Digital Subscriptions and Content Business

## Free content on the internet and competition from free platforms and other social media and content-creator sites is increasing competition for our adult content products and creator platform and is changing the dynamics of the marketplace for our digital products.

Demand for  our  paid  adult  content  products  and  our  creator  platform  is  significantly  impacted  by  the  availability  of  free  adult  entertainment available on the Internet, 'YouTube-like' adult video sites (commonly known as 'tube sites'), as well as from social media platforms and other subscriptionbased  content-creator  sites.  Such  other  sites  and  platforms  feature  free  adult  videos,  some  of  which  consist  of  unlicensed,  or  pirated,  excerpts  of professionally  produced  adult  movies  (including  at  times  pirated  versions  of  our  proprietary  videos).  Other  content-creator  sites  allow  consumers  to subscribe for content from specific creators, many of which offer adult-oriented content. The availability of these free adult videos and creator-specific subscriptions may diminish the demand for our paid video offerings on our proprietary websites, including our content creator platform on playboy.com , playboy.tv and playboyplus.com ,  and  for  our  other  content  products,  and  has  diluted  the  market  presence  of  our  website.  The  tube  sites,  social  media platforms and other content-creator sites may materially affect the revenues we generate from our websites and other adult content offerings. It is uncertain what affect tube sites, other free internet adult websites and competing content-creator sites will have on our on-going operations and our future financial results. No assurance can be given that we will be able to effectively compete against the tube sites and other internet products.

## Failure to maintain our agreements with multiple system operators, or MSOs, and direct-to-home, or DTH, operators on favorable terms could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We  currently  have  agreements  with  many  of  the  largest  MSOs  in  the  U.S.  and  internationally.  Our  agreements  with  these  operators  may  be terminated on short notice without penalty. If one or more MSOs or DTH operators terminate or do not renew these agreements, or do not renew them on terms as favorable as those of current agreements, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.

In addition, competition among television programming providers is intense for both channel space and viewer spending. Our competition varies in both the type and quality of programming offered, but consists primarily of other premium pay platforms, such as general-interest premium channels, and other adult movie pay platforms. We compete with other pay platforms as we attempt to obtain or renew carriage with DTH operators and individual cable affiliates, negotiate fee arrangements with these operators, negotiate for video-on-demand, or VOD, and subscription video-on-demand rights and market our programming through these operators to consumers. The competition with programming providers has intensified as a result of consolidation in the DTH and  cable  systems  industries,  which  has  resulted  in  fewer,  but  larger,  operators.  Competition  has  also  intensified  with  VOD's  lower  cost  of  entry  for programmers compared to linear networks and with capacity constraints disappearing. The impact of industry consolidation, any decline in our access to and acceptance by DTH and/or cable systems and the possible resulting deterioration in the terms of agreements, cancellation of fee arrangements or pressure on margin splits with operators of these systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

## Limits on our access to satellite transponders could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our cable television and DTH operations require continued access to satellite transponders to transmit programming to cable and DTH operators. Material limitations on our access to these systems or satellite transponder capacity could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our access to transponders may also be restricted or denied if:

- we or the satellite transponder providers are indicted or otherwise charged as a defendant in a criminal proceeding;
- the Federal Communications Commission issues an order initiating a proceeding to revoke the satellite owner's authorization to operate the satellite;
- the satellite transponder providers are ordered by a court or governmental authority to deny us access to the transponder;
- we are deemed by a governmental authority to have violated any obscenity law; or
- the satellite transponder providers fail to provide the required services.

In addition to the above, the access of Playboy TV and the Playboy Channel and our other networks to transponders may be restricted or denied if a governmental authority commences an investigation or makes an adverse finding concerning the content of their transmissions. Technical failures may also affect our satellite transponder providers' ability to deliver transmission services.

## There has been a shift in consumer behavior as a result of technological innovations and changes in the distribution of content, which may affect our viewership and the profitability of our content business in unpredictable ways.

Technology and business models in our industry continue to evolve rapidly. Changes to these business models include the increasing presence of user-generated content, streaming platforms and the greater video consumption through time-delayed or time-shifted viewing of television programming through social media and content creation sites, streaming platforms, on-demand platforms, and digital video recorder, or DVRs. Consumer behavior related to changes in content distribution and technological innovation affect our economic model and viewership in ways that are not entirely predictable.

Consumers are increasingly viewing content on a time-delayed or on-demand basis from traditional distributors and from streaming and social media platforms, connected apps and websites and on a wide variety of screens, such as televisions, tablets, mobile phones and other devices. Additionally, devices  that  allow  users  to  view  television  programs  on  a  time-shifted  basis  and  technologies  that  enable  users  to  fast-forward  or  skip  programming, including commercials, such as DVRs and portable digital devices and systems that enable users to store or make portable copies of content may affect the attractiveness of our offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect our revenues. There is increased demand for short-form, user-generated and interactive content, which have different economic models than our traditional content offerings. Likewise, distributors are offering smaller programming packages known as 'skinny bundles' and content-creator platforms  allow  for  a  la  carte  consumption,  both  of  which  are  delivered  at  a  lower  cost  than traditional subscription offerings and sometimes allow consumers to create a customized package of content, that are gaining popularity among consumers. If  our  networks  are  not  included  in  these  packages  or  consumers  favor  alternative  offerings,  we  may  experience  a  decline  in  viewership  or  content consumption and ultimately the demand for our programming and content, which could lead to lower revenues.

In order to respond to changes in content distribution models in our industry, we have invested in, developed and launched DTC products (including our online retail  stores)  and  our  content  creator  platform.  There  can  be  no  assurance,  however,  that  our  viewers  will  respond  to  our  DTC  products  and services or that our DTC strategy will be successful, particularly given the increase in DTC products and platforms on the market. Each distribution model has different risks and economic consequences for us, so the rapid evolution of consumer preferences may have an economic impact that is not completely predictable. Distribution windows are also evolving, potentially affecting revenues from other windows. If we cannot ensure that our distribution methods and content are responsive to our target audiences, our business could be adversely affected.

## Our digital content business involves risks of liability claims for media content, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.

As a distributor of media content, we may face potential liability for:

- defamation;
- invasion of privacy;
- negligence;
- copyright or trademark infringement; and
- other claims based on the nature and content of the materials distributed.

These types of claims have been brought, sometimes successfully, against broadcasters, publishers, online providers and other disseminators of media  content.  We  could  also  be  exposed  to  liability  in  connection  with  material  available  through  our  websites,  including  our  creator  platform.  Any imposition of liability that is not covered by insurance or is in excess of insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. In addition, measures to reduce our exposure to liability in connection with material available through our websites could require us to take steps that would substantially limit the attractiveness of our websites and/or their availability in various geographic areas, which would negatively affect their ability to generate revenues.

## Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock

## If we are not able to comply with the applicable continued listing requirements or standards of Nasdaq, Nasdaq could delist our common stock.

Our common stock is currently listed on Nasdaq. In order to maintain such listing, we must satisfy minimum financial and other continued listing requirements  and  standards,  including  those  regarding  director  independence  and  independent  committee  requirements,  minimum  stockholders'  equity, minimum share price, and certain corporate governance requirements. There can be no assurances that we will be able to continue to comply with applicable listing standards. If we are unable to maintain compliance with Nasdaq's listing requirements, our common stock could be delisted from Nasdaq. If Nasdaq delists our common stock, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

- a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;
- loss of eligibility to use or rely on our existing and/or any new registration statements on Form S-3;
- a determination that our common stock is a 'penny stock' which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our common stock;
- a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and
- a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

## RT owns a significant percentage of our common stock, and it may effectively control all major corporate decisions and its interests may conflict with your interests as an owner of our common stock and with our interests.

RT beneficially owned approximately 29.8% of our common stock as of March 10, 2023. Under the terms of an Investor Rights Agreement we entered into with RT, RT has the right, but not the obligation, to nominate to the Company's board of directors (the "Board") a number of designees equal to (i)  three  directors,  if  and  so  long  as  RT  and  its  affiliates  beneficially  own,  in  the  aggregate,  50%  or  more  of  the  shares  of  our  common  stock,  (ii)  two directors, in the event that RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 35% or more, but less than 50%, of the shares of common stock and (iii) one director, in the event that RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 15% or more, but less than 35%, of the shares of our common stock (in each case, subject to proportional adjustment in the event that the size of the Board is increased or decreased following the Closing). RT also has the right to appoint the chairman of the Board so long as RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, 15% or more of the shares of common stock. We anticipate that Suhail Rizvi, our current chairman of the Board and a manager of the RT entities, will continue to serve as RT's designee on the Board and chairman of the Board.

On January 30, 2023, we entered into a standstill agreement (the 'Standstill Agreement') with RT in connection with the Company's rights offering that closed in February 2023. Pursuant to the Standstill Agreement, among other limitations, RT and their affiliates agreed not to purchase shares of our common stock to the extent that RT and their affiliates'  ownership  would  exceed  29.99%  of  our  outstanding  shares  of  common  stock  in  the  aggregate following any acquisition of common stock during the standstill period. The standstill period means any period from and after January 30, 2023 in which RT and their affiliates collectively own, beneficially or of record, more than 14.9% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock.

The directors RT elects have the authority to incur additional debt, issue or repurchase stock, declare dividends and make other decisions that could be detrimental to stockholders. Even though RT may own or control less than a majority of our total outstanding shares of our common stock, it is able to influence the outcome of corporate actions so long as it owns a significant portion of our total outstanding shares of our common stock.

RT may have interests that are different from yours and may vote in a way with which you disagree and that may be adverse to your interests. In addition, RT's concentration of ownership could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control or otherwise discouraging a potential acquirer from attempting to obtain control of us, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline or prevent our stockholders from realizing a premium over the market price for their common stock.

Additionally, RT is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us or supply us with goods and services. RT may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. Stockholders should consider that the interests of RT may differ from their interests in material respects.

## The market price of the Company's common stock is likely to be highly volatile, and you may lose some or all of your investment.

The market price of Company's common stock is likely to be highly volatile and may be subject to wide fluctuations in response to a variety of factors, including the following:

- the impact of COVID-19 pandemic on our business;
- the inability to obtain or maintain the listing of our shares of common stock on Nasdaq;
- the inability to recognize the anticipated benefits of any strategic opportunities or corporate transactions, which may be affected by, among other things, competition, our ability to grow and manage growth profitably, and our ability to retain our key employees;
- changes in applicable laws or regulations;
- risks relating to the uncertainty of our projected financial information; and
- risks related to the organic and inorganic growth of our business and the timing of expected business milestones.

In addition, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may negatively affect the market price of the Company's common stock, regardless of the Company's actual operating performance.

## If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us. If securities  or  industry  analysts  initiate  coverage  and  one  or  more  of  the  analysts  who  cover  us  downgrade  our  common  stock  or  publish  inaccurate  or unfavorable research about our company, our common stock share price would likely decline. If analysts publish target prices for our common stock that are below the historical sales prices for our common stock on a securities exchange or the then-current public price of our common stock, it could cause our stock price to decline significantly. Further, if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our common stock price and trading volume to decline.

## Volatility in our share price could subject us to securities class action litigation.

In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could adversely impact our business.

## Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, would be your sole source of gain.

We  currently  anticipate  we  will  retain  future  earnings  for  the  development,  operation  and  expansion  of  our  business  and  does  not  anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our shares of common stock would be your sole source of gain on an investment in such shares for the foreseeable future.

## Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market could cause the price of our common stock to decline.

On June 10, 2022, the SEC declared effective our resale registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264515), pursuant to which certain existing stockholders of the Company are able to sell up to 30,534,974 shares of common stock in the public market. Such registration statement replaced the separate resale registration statements on Form S-1 we previously filed with the SEC in 2021.

On September 13, 2022, the SEC declared effective our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267273), pursuant to which we registered up to $250 million of primary issuances of certain securities listed in such registration statement. On January 24, 2023, we took down $16.25 million of such shelf registration for the issuance of 6,357,341 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of investors. We also completed a rights offering in February 2023, pursuant to which we took down $50 million of the shelf registration for the issuance of 19,561,050 shares of common stock. Accordingly, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, up to $183.75 million of securities could be issued pursuant to the unused portion of the shelf registration.

We also have registered on Forms S-8 a total of 11,560,383 shares of common stock underlying awards that we have issued, or may in the future issue, under our employee equity incentive plans. These shares may be sold freely in the public market upon issuance, or pursuant to the reoffer prospectus in the Forms S-8, as applicable, subject to existing lock-up agreements and relevant vesting schedules, and applicable securities laws. Promptly following the  filing  of  this  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K,  we  intend  to  register  an  additional  1,881,507  shares  of  common  stock  on  another  Form  S-8  for  future issuances  under  our  equity  incentive  plans.  See  Note  11,  Stockholders  Equity-Common  Stock,  for  additional  information  regarding  our  common  stock reserved for future issuance as of December 31, 2022.

The presence of these shares of common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of our common stock could adversely impact its price.

## Future sales of shares of our common stock may depress our stock price.

Future sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair its ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities.

## You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings or other issuances of our shares of common stock.

In order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may not be the same as the price you paid for your shares. We may sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is less than the price per share paid by you, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to  those  purchased  by  you.  Sales  of  additional  shares  of  our  common  stock  or  securities  convertible  into  shares  of  common  stock  will  dilute  our stockholders' ownership in us.

## Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for  substantially  all  disputes  between  us  and  our  stockholders,  which  could  limit  our  stockholders'  ability  to  obtain  a  favorable  judicial  forum  for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company to the Company or the Company's stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our certificate of amended and restated incorporation or our bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim related to or involving the Company that is governed by the  internal  affairs  doctrine  except  for,  as  to  each  of  (a)  through  (d)  above,  any  claim  as  to  which  the  Court  of  Chancery  determines  that  there  is  an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction,. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the federal district courts of the Unites States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action against us or any of our directors, officers, employees or agents and arising under the Securities Act.

The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could adversely impact our business. The choice of forum provision requiring that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware be the exclusive forum for certain actions would not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act.

## General Risk Factors

## Any inability to identify, fund investment in and commercially exploit new technology could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We are engaged in businesses that have experienced significant technological changes over the past several years and are continuing to undergo technological changes. Our ability to implement our business plan and to achieve the results projected by management will depend on management's ability to anticipate technological advances and implement strategies to take advantage of future technological changes. Any inability to identify, fund investment in and commercially exploit new technology or the commercial failure of any technology that we pursue, such as Internet and mobile, could result in our businesses becoming burdened by obsolete technology and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations.

## We are subject to periodic claims and litigation that could result in unexpected expenses and could ultimately be resolved against us.

From time to time, we are involved in litigation and other proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, such as the matters described in ' Legal Proceedings ' of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Defending these claims, even those without merit, could cause us to incur significant legal  expenses  and  divert  financial  and  management  resources.  These  claims  could  also  result  in  significant  settlement  amounts,  damages,  fine  or  other penalties. An unfavorable outcome of any particular proceeding could exceed the limits of our insurance policies or the carriers may decline to fund such final settlements and/or judgments and could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, an adverse resolution of any lawsuit or claim against us could negatively impact our reputation and our brand image and could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In addition, we rely on our employees, consultants and sub-contractors to conduct our operations in compliance with applicable laws and standards. Any violation of such laws or standards by these individuals, whether through negligence, harassment, discrimination or other misconduct, could result in significant  liability  for  us  and  adversely  affect  our  business.  For  example,  negligent  operations  by  employees  could  result  in  serious  injury  or  property damage, and sexual harassment or racial and gender discrimination could result in legal claims and adversely impact our reputation.

## If we are unable to attract and retain key employees and hire qualified management and personnel our ability to compete could be adversely impacted.

We believe that our ability to successfully implement our business strategy and to operate profitably depends, in part, on our ability to retain our key personnel. If key personnel become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to identify, hire, attract, train and develop other highly qualified personnel, including appropriate technical and engineering employees to support our expanding digital platforms.

Competition for these  employees  can  be  intense,  and  our  ability  to  hire,  attract  and  retain  them  depends  on  our  ability  to  provide  competitive compensation. We may not be able to attract, assimilate, develop or retain qualified personnel in the future, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our business, including the execution of our global business strategy. Any failure by our management team to perform as expected may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.

## Geopolitical risks, such as those associated with Russia's invasion of Ukraine, could result in a decline in the outlook for the U.S. and global economies.

The uncertain nature, magnitude, and duration of hostilities stemming from Russia's ongoing military invasion of Ukraine, including the potential effects of sanctions and retaliatory cyber-attacks on the world economy and markets, have contributed to increased market volatility and uncertainty, and such geopolitical risks could have an adverse impact on macroeconomic factors which affect our assets and businesses.

## We are subject to data security and privacy risks that could negatively affect our results, operations or reputation.

Online  security  breaches  could  materially  adversely  affect  our  business,  financial  condition  or  results  of  operations.  Any  well-publicized compromise  of  security  could  deter  use  of  the  Internet  in  general  or  use  of  the  Internet  to  conduct  transactions  that  involve  transmitting  confidential information or downloading sensitive materials in particular. In addition to our own sensitive and proprietary business information, we handle transactional and personal information about our consumers and users of our digital experiences, which include online distribution channels and product engagement. In offering  products  via  online  payment,  we  may  increasingly  rely  on  technology  licensed  from  third  parties  to  provide  the  security  and  authentication necessary  to  effect  secure  transmission  of  confidential  information  such  as  customer  credit  card  numbers.  Advances  in  computer  capabilities,  new discoveries  in  the  field  of  cryptography  or  other  developments  could  compromise  or  breach  the  algorithms  that  we  use  to  protect  our  data  and/or  our customers' data. If third parties are able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate confidential information, we could be subject to liability, which could result in litigation. In addition, experienced programmers or 'hackers' may attempt to misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our product offerings that could require us to expend significant capital and resources to protect against or remediate these problems. We have  been  the  target  of  "phishing",  "spoofing",  "social  engineering"  and  other  data  breach  attempts.  While  we  do  not  believe  that  our  data  systems  or information technology have been materially breached, we expect that we may continue to be a target for unauthorized access to our systems and technology, including through the use of ransomware. If any such attempts are materially successful in the future, we could be subject to liability which could negatively impact our financial condition and damage our business.

Increased scrutiny by regulatory agencies, such as the Federal Trade Commission and state agencies, of the use of customer information could also result in additional expenses if we are obligated to reengineer systems to comply with new regulations or to defend investigations of our privacy practices. In addition, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous, and sometimes conflicting, regulatory standards enacted to protect business and personal data in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. For example, the European Union adopted the General Data Protection Regulation (the 'GDPR'), which became effective on May 25, 2018; and California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (the 'CCPA') which became effective on January 1, 2020. The U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) also regulates the collection, use and disclosure of personal information from children under 13-years of age. While none of our content is directed at children under 13-years of age, if COPPA were to apply to us, failure to comply with COPPA may increase our costs, subject us to expensive and distracting government investigations and could result in substantial fines. These laws impose additional obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provide certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. Compliance with existing, proposed and recently enacted laws (including implementation of the privacy and process enhancements called for under GDPR and CCPA) and regulations can be costly and time consuming, and any failure to comply with these regulatory standards could subject us to legal and reputational risks.

Customer interaction with our content is subject to our privacy policy and terms of service. If we fail to comply with our posted privacy policy or terms of service or if we fail to comply with existing privacy-related or data protection laws and regulations, it could result in proceedings or litigation against us by governmental authorities or others, which could result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, impact our financial condition and adversely impact our business. If regulators, the media or consumers raise any concerns about our privacy and data protection or consumer protection practices, even if unfounded, this could also result in fines or judgments against us, damage our reputation, and negatively impact our financial condition and damage our business.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 2. Properties

Our corporate headquarters is located in Los Angeles, California, where we lease and occupy approximately 45,000 square feet of office space. Our Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer and Digital Subscriptions and Content segments all use our corporate headquarters.

We also  lease  and  occupy  approximately  52,000  square  feet  of  combined  office  and  warehouse  space  in  Phoenix,  Arizona,  housing  inventory management and fulfillment operations for our Direct-to-Consumer segment.

Pursuant  to  our  acquisition  of  Lovers  in  March  2021,  we  acquired  over  25,000  square  feet  of  leased  office  and  warehouse  space  in  Auburn, Washington. As of December 31, 2022, Lovers operated 40 retail locations in five states, ranging in size between 1,472 and 15,000 square feet per location. The Lovers properties are used by our Direct-to-Consumer segment.

Pursuant to our acquisition of Honey Birdette in August 2021, we also acquired over 15,000 square feet of leased office and warehouse space in the Sydney, Australia area. As of December 31, 2022, Honey Birdette operated 61 retail locations in Australia, the U.S. and the U.K., ranging in size between approximately 400 and 1,200 square feet per location. The Honey Birdette properties are used by our Direct-to-Consumer segment.

We believe our properties are suitable for the purposes for which they are being used and fit our needs.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

From  time  to  time,  we  may  become  involved  in  additional  legal  proceedings  arising  in  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business.  Except  for  the proceedings below, we are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## TNR Case

On December 17, 2021, Thai Nippon Rubber Industry Public Limited Company, a manufacturer of condoms and lubricants and a publicly traded Thailand company ('TNR'), filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Playboy and its subsidiary Products Licensing, LLC. TNR alleges a variety of claims relating to Playboy's termination of a license agreement with TNR and the business relationship between Playboy and TNR prior to such termination. TNR alleges, among other things, breach of contract, unfair competition, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and interference with contractual and business relations due to Playboy's conduct. TNR is seeking over $100 million in damages arising from the loss of expected profits, declines in the value of TNR's business, unsalable inventory and investment losses. After Playboy indicated it would move to dismiss the complaint, TNR received two extensions of time from the court to file an amended complaint. TNR filed its amended complaint on March 16, 2022. On April 25, 2022, Playboy filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. That motion was partially granted, and the court dismissed TNR's claims under California franchise laws without leave to amend. The parties participated in a court-ordered mediation on February 3, 2023, which did not result in any settlement or resolution of the remaining claims asserted by TNR against Playboy. A trial date has been set for September 26, 2023. We believe TNR's claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously.

## AVS Case

In March 2020, our subsidiary Playboy Enterprises International, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, 'PEII') terminated its license agreement with a licensee,  A VS  Products,  LLC  ('AVS'),  for  A VS's  failure  to  make  required  payments  to  PEII  under  the  agreement,  following  notice  of  breach  and  an opportunity to cure. On February 6, 2021, PEII received a letter from counsel to AVS alleging that the termination of the contract was improper, and that PEII failed to meet its contractual obligations, preventing AVS from fulfilling its obligations under the license agreement.

On February 25, 2021, PEII brought suit against AVS in Los Angeles Superior Court to prevent further unauthorized sales of PLAYBOY branded products and for disgorgement of unlawfully obtained funds. On March 1, 2021, PEII also brought a claim in arbitration against AVS for outstanding and unpaid license fees. PEII and AVS subsequently agreed that the claims PEII brought in arbitration would be alleged in the Los Angeles Superior Court case instead, and on April 23, 2021, the parties entered into and filed a stipulation to that effect with the court. On May 18, 2021, A VS filed a demurrer, asking for the court to remove an individual defendant and dismiss PEII's request for a permanent injunction. On June 10, 2021, the court denied AVS's demurrer. AVS filed an opposition to PEII's motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin AVS from continuing to sell or market PLAYBOY branded products on July 2, 2021, which the court denied on July 28, 2021.

On August 10, 2021, AVS filed a cross-complaint for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, quantum meruit  and  declaratory  relief.  As  in  its  February  2021  letter,  A VS  alleges  its  license  was  wrongfully  terminated  and  that  PEII  failed  to  approve  A VS' marketing efforts in a manner that was either timely or that was commensurate with industry practice. AVS is seeking to be excused from having to perform its obligations as a licensee, payment of the value for services rendered by AVS to PEII outside of the license, and damages to be proven at trial. We filed a motion for summary judgment, which is scheduled to be heard by the court on May 19, 2023. Trial is set for January 22, 2024. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. We believe AVS's claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously.

## Indian Harbor Case

On October 15, 2018, Playboy Enterprises, Inc. filed  a  lawsuit  in  Los  Angeles  Superior  Court  (the  'Court')  against  its  insurer,  Indian  Harbor Insurance Company ('Indian Harbor'), captioned Playboy Enterprises, Inc. v. Indian Harbor Insurance Company, for breach of contract and breach of the covenant  of  good  faith  and  fair  dealing,  and  seeking  declaratory  relief,  after  Indian  Harbor  threatened  to  sue  Playboy  on  an  alleged  theory  of  lack  of coverage after Indian Harbor paid approximately $4.8 million towards the settlement of claims against Playboy made by Elliot Friedman. Among other things, we are seeking declaratory relief that the underlying claims asserted against Playboy are covered claims under Playboy's insurance policies with Indian Harbor. On December 14, 2018, Indian Harbor filed its answer to the complaint and filed counterclaims against Playboy for declaratory relief that it has no obligation to provide coverage for the underlying claims and that it is entitled to recoup the amounts it paid in the settlement, with interest. Indian Harbor filed a motion for summary judgment, seeking, among other things, summary adjudication that (1) the insurance policy does not provide coverage because the underlying claim was allegedly first made before the policy period of the policy and (2) that Indian Harbor does not have to provide coverage because Playboy allegedly failed to provide timely notice of the claim. On September 9, 2020, the Court denied Indian Harbor's motion, in part, ruling as a matter of law that Playboy had properly reported the underlying claim under the correct policy; but granted the motion as to Playboy's breach of contract and bad faith claims because Indian Harbor ultimately funded the settlement. Based on the summary judgment ruling, the parties agreed to enter into a stipulated judgment in Playboy's favor to advance the issues for appeal, with Indian Harbor intending to appeal the Court's decision as to when the underlying claim was first made. The Court entered the parties' stipulated judgment on July 26, 2021. On October 15, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its notice of appeal. On December 13, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its opening appellate brief, and we filed our response on April 14, 2022. Indian Harbor filed its reply brief on July 1, 2022.  The  parties  presented  oral  arguments  in  front  of  the  appellate  court  on  September  21,  2022.  On  October  4,  2022,  the  California  appellate  court affirmed the Court's ruling, dismissing Indian Harbor's claims against Playboy. As such ruling was not appealed, this case was finally resolved in Playboy's favor.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Market Information

PLBY's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol 'PLBY'. Prior to February 10, 2021 and before the completion of the Business Combination with Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp, the common stock of Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp traded on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol 'MCAC'.

## Holders

As of March 10, 2023, there were 60 holders of record of our outstanding common stock. In addition to holders of record of our common stock we believe there is a substantially greater number of 'street name' holders or beneficial holders whose common stock is held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions.

## Dividend Policy

PLBY has not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of cash dividends is subject to the discretion of our Board and may be affected by various factors, including our future earnings, financial condition, capital requirements, share repurchase activity, current and future planned strategic growth initiatives, levels of indebtedness, and other considerations our Board deems relevant. In addition, the terms of our New Credit Agreement (defined below) also restrict our ability to pay dividends, and we may also enter into credit agreements or other borrowing arrangements in the future  that  may  restrict  our  ability  to  declare  or  pay  cash  dividends  on  our  capital  stock.  We  currently  anticipate  we  will  retain  future  earnings  for  the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future.

## Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

See Part III, Item 12 of this Form 10-K and Note 13, Stock-Based Compensation of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included herein for additional information required.

## Stock Price Performance

<!-- image -->

The graph above compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on the Standard &amp; Poor's ('S&amp;P') 500 index, the S&amp;P 500 Consumer Discretionary Index and the Nasdaq Composite index. The graph assumes an initial investment of $100 in our common stock at the market close on August 27, 2020, which was the first day on which our common stock commenced trading on its own. Data for the S&amp;P 500 indices and the Nasdaq Composite index assume reinvestment of dividends. Total return equals stock price appreciation plus reinvestment of dividends. The stock price performance of the graph above is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

On December 2, 2022, we issued 3,312 shares  of  our  common  stock  to  an  independent  contractor  based  on  a  price  of  $37.7444  per  share  as payment for services pursuant to the terms of a license, services and collaboration agreement. Such shares were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as they were issued pursuant to a private placement to an accredited investor.

## Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings

On September 13, 2022, the SEC declared effective our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267273), pursuant to which we registered up to $250 million of primary issuances of certain securities listed in such registration statement. On January 24, 2023, we took down $16.25 million of such shelf registration for the issuance of 6,357,341 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of investors. We received net proceeds of approximately $13.75 million from the registered direct offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses, with such net proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes, which could include the repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement. We also completed a rights offering in February 2023, pursuant to which we issued 19,561,050 shares of common stock. We received net proceeds of approximately $47.5 million from the rights offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses. We used $40 million of the net proceeds from the rights offering for repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement, and we intend to use the remainder for other general corporate purposes.

## Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

As of December 31, 2022, we had not repurchased any shares of our common stock as authorized pursuant to the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program, which was authorized by the Board of Directors on May 14, 2022.

## Item 6. [Reserved]

## Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in Part II, Item 8  of  this  Form  10-K.  This  section  of  this  Form  10-K  generally  discusses  2022  and  2021  items  and  year-to-year  comparisons  between  2022  and  2021. Discussions of 2020 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Part II, Item 7 of our  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  filed  March  16,  2022.  In  addition  to  historical  information,  the  following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results and the timing of events could differ  materially  from  those  anticipated  in  the  forward-looking  statements.  Factors  that  could  cause  or  contribute  to  these  differences  include  those discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors .

As  used  herein,  'we',  'us',  'our',  the  'Company'  and  'Playboy'  refer  to  Playboy  Enterprises,  Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries  prior  to  the consummation  of  the  Business  Combination  (defined  below)  and  PLBY  Group  Inc.  and  its  subsidiaries  following  the  consummation  of  the  Business Combination.

## Business Overview

We are a large, global consumer lifestyle company marketing its brands through a wide range of direct-to-consumer products, licensing initiatives, digital  subscriptions  and  content,  and  online  and  location-based  entertainment.  We  reach  consumers  worldwide  with  products  across  four  key  market categories: Sexual Wellness, including lingerie and intimacy products; Style and Apparel, including a variety of apparel and accessories products; Digital Entertainment and Lifestyle, such as our creator platform, web and television-based entertainment, and our spirits and hospitality products; and Beauty and Grooming, including fragrance, skincare, grooming and cosmetics.

We have three reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. The Licensing segment derives revenue from trademark licenses for third-party consumer products, location-based entertainment businesses and online gaming. The Direct-to-Consumer segment derives its revenue from sales of consumer products sold directly to consumers through our own online channels, our retail stores or through third-party retailers.  The  Digital  Subscriptions  and  Content  segment  derives  revenue  from  the  subscription  of  Playboy  programming,  which  is  distributed  through various channels, including websites and domestic and international TV, from sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles, and sales of creator content offerings to consumers on playboy.com .

## Merger with MCAC

PLBY Group, Inc. was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 12, 2019 as a special purpose acquisition company under the name Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp ('MCAC'), formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. MCAC completed its initial public offering in June 2020. On February 10, 2021, pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated September 30, 2020 (the 'Merger Agreement'), MCAC's wholly-owned subsidiary merged with and into Playboy Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation ('Legacy Playboy'), with Legacy Playboy surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary  of  MCAC  (the  'Business  Combination').  In  connection  with  the  consummation  of  the  Business  Combination,  MCAC  was  renamed  'PLBY Group, Inc.' and started trading under 'PLBY' on the Nasdaq on February 11, 2021. All of the outstanding equity of Legacy Playboy was exchanged for equity  of  PLBY  Group,  Inc.,  and  PLBY  Group,  Inc.  assumed  certain  Legacy  Playboy  debt,  in  each  case  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  Merger Agreement.

The  Business  Combination  was  accounted  for  as  a  reverse  recapitalization  whereby  MCAC,  which  was  the  legal  acquirer,  was  treated  as  the 'acquired' company for financial reporting purposes and Legacy Playboy was treated as the accounting acquirer. This determination was primarily based on Legacy Playboy having a majority of the voting power of the post-combination company, Legacy Playboy's senior management comprising substantially all of the senior management of the post-combination company, the relative size of Legacy Playboy compared to MCAC, and Legacy Playboy's operations comprising the ongoing operations of the post-combination company. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of a capital transaction in which Legacy Playboy was issued stock for the net assets of MCAC. The net assets of MCAC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Legacy Playboy.

## Acquisition of TLA

On March 1, 2021, we acquired 100% of the equity of TLA for cash consideration of $24.9 million. TLA is the parent company of the Lovers family of stores, a leading omnichannel online and brick-and-mortar sexual wellness chain, with 40 stores in five states as of December 31, 2022. Refer to Note 17, Business Combinations, for additional information.

## Acquisition of Honey Birdette

On June 28, 2021, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Limited ("Honey Birdette"), a company organized under the laws of Australia. Aggregate consideration for the acquisition of $327.7 million as of the Contract Date consisted of approximately $233.4 million in cash (based on an exchange rate of 0.7391 U.S. dollars per Australian dollars) and 2,155,849 shares of Company common stock, valued at $92.7 million as of the Contract Date, based on a Contract Date per share price of $43.02. Pursuant to the SPA, on August 9, 2021, the Company acquired all of the capital stock of Honey Birdette. The Closing Date per share price of $26.57 per share of Company common stock resulted in total consideration transferred of $288.8 million. As a result of the transaction, Honey Birdette became an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On August 19, 2021, an additional 4,412 shares of Company common stock were issued to the Honey Birdette sellers pursuant to the terms of a true-up under the SPA. The acquisition of the luxury lingerie brand Honey Birdette expands our brand portfolio with a new high-end franchise, and provides us with product design, sourcing and direct-to-consumer capabilities that we believe can be leveraged to accelerate the growth of our core apparel and sexual wellness businesses. Honey Birdette's operating results are consolidated with our results beginning on August 9, 2021. Therefore, the consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same period in 2021.

## Acquisition of GlowUp Digital Inc .

On  October  22,  2021,  we  completed  the  acquisition  of  GlowUp  Digital  Inc.  ("GlowUp"),  a  Delaware  corporation,  pursuant  to  that  certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 15, 2021, by and among the Company, PB Global Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and whollyowned subsidiary of the Company, GlowUp and Michael Dow, solely in his capacity as representative of the holders of the outstanding shares of GlowUp's common stock and of the holders of the outstanding Simple Agreements for Future Equity ("SAFEs") issued by GlowUp (the "GlowUp Merger"). At the effective time of the GlowUp Merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub ceased, and GlowUp survived the GlowUp Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company under the name 'Centerfold Digital Inc.'

At  the  closing  of  the  GlowUp  Merger,  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  GlowUp  Agreement,  including  certain  adjustments  to  the  GlowUp Merger consideration determined as of the closing, (i) holders of GlowUp's equity securities that are accredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, 548,034 shares of the Company's common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, and (ii) holders of GlowUp equity securities that are nonaccredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, $342,308 in cash. Pursuant to the GlowUp Agreement, the number of GlowUp Merger consideration shares was determined based on a price per share of $23.4624, which was the volume weighted average closing price per share of the Company's common stock  on  the  Nasdaq  Global  Market  over  the  10  consecutive  trading  day  period  ending  on  (and  including)  the  trading  day  immediately  preceding  the execution of the GlowUp Agreement (i.e., October 14, 2021), representing aggregate closing consideration of approximately $13.2 million. In addition, $0.8 million in transaction expenses were paid by the Company on behalf of the sellers as of closing. Contingent consideration of up to an additional 664,311 shares of our stock and $0.4 million in cash in the aggregate may be issued or paid (as applicable) to GlowUp's equity holders upon the release of the portion thereof held back in respect of indemnification obligations or the satisfaction of performance criteria, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the GlowUp Agreement. The fair value of contingent consideration at closing was $18.1 million, $9.2 million of which was classified as equity and $8.9 million was recorded in current liabilities. The closing date per share price of the Company's common stock of $27.60 resulted in total consideration transferred valued at $34.4 million at closing. In the second quarter of 2022, the performance-based component of the contingent consideration was settled. As a result, the Company issued 352,923 shares of the Company's common stock and made a payment of $0.2 million to GlowUp's equity holders. The fair value of the remaining contingent consideration relating to an indemnity holdback at December 31, 2022 was $0.8 million, and it was recorded in current liabilities. See Note 2, Fair Value Measurements, for subsequent measurements of these contingent liabilities. Such plaform's operating results are consolidated with our results beginning on October 22, 2021. Therefore, our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same period in 2021.

## Key Factors and Trends Affecting Our Business

We believe that our performance and future success depends on several factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges, including those discussed below and in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled ' Risk Factors .'

## Shifting to a Capital-Light Business Model

As of 2023, we will pursue a commercial strategy that relies on a more capital-light business model focused on revenue streams with higher margin and higher growth potential. We will do this by leveraging our flagship Playboy brand to attract best-in-class strategic partners and scale our creator platform with influencers who embody our brands aspirational lifestyle. We will refocus our three key growth pillars: first, strategically expanding our licensing business in key categories and territories. We will continue to use our licensing business as a marketing tool and brand builder, in particular through our high-end designer collaborations and our large-scale partnerships. Second, investing in our Playboy digital platform as we return to our roots as a place to see and be seen for creators and up and coming cultural influencers. Third, building upon Honey Birdette's existing high margin retail business by expanding the brand in the United States.

## China Licensing Revenues

We have enjoyed substantial success in licensing our trademarks in China, where we are a major men's apparel brand. Our revenues from China (including  Hong  Kong)  as  a  percentage  of  our  total  revenues  were  16.0%  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  Our  Playboy  China  joint  venture  is expected to invigorate our China-market Playboy apparel business, building on Playboy's current roster of licensees and online storefronts by adding new licensees.

## Seasonality of Our Consumer Product Sales

While we receive revenue throughout the year, our businesses have experienced, and may continue to experience, seasonality. For example, our licensing business under our consumer products business have historically experienced higher receipts in its first and third fiscal quarters due to the licensing fee structure in our licensing agreements which typically require advance payment of such fees during those quarters, but such payments can be subject to extensions  or  delays.  Our  direct-to-consumer  business  have  historically  experienced  higher  sales  in  the  fourth  quarter  due  to  the  U.S.  holiday  season, including Halloween, but changing market conditions and demand could affect such sales. Historical seasonality of revenues may be subject to change as increasing pressure from competition and changes in economic conditions impact our licensees and consumers. Investment and growth in expanding our consumer products business may also impact the seasonality of our business in the future.

## COVID-19

In  March  2020,  COVID-19  was  declared  a  pandemic  by  the  World  Health  Organization.  Since  that  time,  we  have  focused  on  protecting  our employees, customers and vendors to minimize potential disruptions while managing through this pandemic. Nonetheless, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued  to  disrupt  and  delay  global  supply  chains,  affect  production  and  sales  across  a  range  of  industries  and  result  in  legal  restrictions  requiring businesses to close and consumers to stay at home for days-to-months at a time. Such impacts affected China in particular in 2022, as quarantine restrictions and business closures slowed the Chinese economy, causing manufacturing and shipping delays and reducing retail sales. As a result of such disruptions, licensing revenues from certain gaming and retail licensees, including our Chinese licensees, declined in 2022, as compared to prior periods. However, as of the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  our  business  as  a  whole  has  not  suffered  any  material  adverse  consequences  to  date  directly  related  to  the  COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our future operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the further duration and spread of the outbreak and its impact on employees and vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, the full extent to which COVID-19 may impact our future financial condition or results of operations is uncertain.

## How We Assess the Performance of Our Business

In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key indicators of the financial condition and operating performance of the business are revenues, salaries and benefits, and selling and administrative expenses. To help assess performance with these key indicators, we use Adjusted EBITDA as a non-GAAP financial measure. We believe this non-GAAP measure provides useful information to investors and expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance as a supplement to the GAAP consolidated financial statements. See the ' EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA ' section below for reconciliations of Adjusted EBITDA to net loss, the closest GAAP measure.

## Components of Results of Operations

## Revenues

We generate revenue from trademark licenses for third-party consumer products, online gaming and location-based entertainment businesses, sales of our tokenized digital art and collectibles, and sales of creator offerings to consumers on our creator-led platform on playboy.com (launched in December 2021), in addition to sales of consumer products sold through third-party retailers or online direct-to-customer and from the subscription of our programming which is distributed through various channels, including websites and domestic and international television.

## Trademark Licensing

We license trademarks under multi-year arrangements to consumer products, online gaming and location-based entertainment businesses. Typically, the initial contract term ranges between one to ten years. Renewals are separately negotiated through amendments. Under these arrangements, we generally receive an annual non-refundable minimum guarantee that is recoupable against a sales-based royalty generated during the license year. Earned royalties received in excess of the minimum guarantee ('Excess Royalties') are typically payable quarterly. We recognize revenue for the total minimum guarantee specified in the agreement on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement and recognizes Excess Royalties only when the annual minimum guarantee is exceeded. Generally, Excess Royalties are recognized when they are earned.

## Consumer Products

Revenue from sales of online apparel and accessories, including sales through third-party sellers, is recognized upon delivery of the goods to the customer. Revenue is recognized net of incentives and estimated returns. We periodically offer promotional incentives to customers, which include basket promotional code discounts and other credits, which are recorded as a reduction of revenue.

## Digital Subscriptions and Magazine

Digital subscription revenue is derived from subscription sales of playboyplus.com and playboy.tv , which are online content platforms. We receive fixed  consideration  shortly  before  the  start  of  the  subscription  periods  from  these  contracts,  which  are  primarily  sold  in  monthly,  annual,  or  lifetime subscriptions.  Revenues  from  lifetime  subscriptions  are  recognized  ratably  over  a  five-year  period,  representing  the  estimated  period  during  which  the customer  accesses  the  platforms.  Revenues  from  digital  subscriptions  and Playboy magazine  are  recognized  ratably  over  the  subscription  period.  We discontinued publishing Playboy magazine in the first quarter of 2020.

Revenues generated from the sales of creator offerings to consumers via our creator platform on playboy.com are recognized at the point in time when the sale is processed. Revenues generated from subscriptions to our creator platform are recognized ratably over the subscription period.

Revenue from sales of our tokenized digital art and collectibles is recognized at the point in time when the sale is processed.

## TV and Cable Programming

We license programming content to certain cable television operators and direct-to-home satellite television operators who pay royalties based on monthly  subscriber  counts  and  pay-per-view  and  video-on-demand  buys  for  the  right  to  distribute  our  programming  under  the  terms  of  affiliation agreements. Royalties are generally collected monthly and recognized as revenue as earned.

## Cost of Sales

Cost of sales primarily consist of merchandise costs, warehousing and fulfillment costs, agency fees, marketplace traffic acquisition costs, website expenses, credit card processing fees, personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, Playboy Television operating expenses, costs associated with branding events, paper and printing costs, customer shipping and handling expenses, fulfillment activity costs and freight-in expenses.

## Selling and Administrative Expenses

Selling and administrative expenses primarily consist of corporate office and retail store occupancy costs, personnel costs, including stock-based compensation, and contractor fees for accounting/finance, legal, human resources, information technology and other administrative functions, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, general marketing and promotional activities and insurance.

## Related Party Expenses

Related party expenses consist of management fees paid to an affiliate of one of our stockholders for management and consulting services.

## Impairments

Impairments consist of the impairments of digital assets, Playboy-branded trademarks, trade names, goodwill and certain other assets.

## Gain on Sale of the Aircraft

Gain on sale of the aircraft represents the gain on the sale of the Company's aircraft in September 2022.

## Other Operating Income, Net

Other operating income, net primarily consists of gains on the sale of certain digital assets net of certain fees related to their sale.

## Nonoperating (Expense) Income

## Interest expense

Interest expense consists of interest on our long-term debt and the amortization of deferred financing costs.

## Loss on Extinguishment of Debt

In the fourth quarter of 2022, we recorded a partial extinguishment of debt in the amount of $1.1 million related to the write-off of unamortized debt discount and deferred financing costs as a result of a $25 million mandatory prepayment of debt pursuant to the Third Amendment of our New Credit Agreement in December 2022 (see Liquidity and Capital Resources section for definitions and additional details).

In the third quarter of 2022, in connection with the sale of the Company's aircraft (see Note 6, Property and Equipment, Net), the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged. A loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a prepayment penalty, was $0.2 million.

On May 25, 2021, we completed a refinancing of our term loan. As a result, in the second quarter of 2021, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of approximately $1.2 million, which is comprised of $1.0 million of fees expensed as incurred in connection with the refinancing, as well as the writeoff of $0.2 million of unamortized debt discount and deferred financing fees as a result of such refinancing.

## Fair Value Remeasurement Gain

Fair value remeasurement gain consists of changes to the fair value of preferred stock liability related to its remeasurement.

## Other (Expense) Income, Net

Other (expense) income, net consists primarily of other miscellaneous nonoperating items, such as bank charges and foreign exchange gains or losses as well as non-recurring transaction fees, such as amortization of previously capitalized fees allocated to the sale of a second tranche of our Series A Preferred Stock in August 2022. Other (expense) income, net for the year ended December 31, 2021 also included gain from the settlement of convertible promissory notes payable to United Talent Agency, LLC ('UTA') at a 20% discount and gain from litigation settlements.

## Benefit (Expense) from Income Taxes

Benefit (expense) from income taxes consists of an estimate for U.S. federal, state, and foreign income taxes based on enacted rates, as adjusted for allowable credits, deductions, uncertain tax positions, changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities, and changes in the tax law. Due to cumulative losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against the definite-lived U.S. federal and state deferred tax assets.

## Results of Operations

## Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

The following table summarizes key components of Playboy's results of operations for the periods indicated (in thousands):

| Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  $ Change  % Change  Net revenues  $  266,933  $  246,586    $  20,347  8 %  Costs and expenses:  Cost of sales  (129,642)  (116,752)  (12,890)  11 %  Selling and administrative expenses  (160,982)  (197,472)  36,490  (18)%  Related party expenses  -  (250)  250  (100)%  Impairments  (308,165)  (964)  (307,201)  *  Gain on sale of the aircraft  5,689  -  5,689  100 %  Other operating income, net  482  -  482  100 %  Total operating expense  (592,618)  (315,438)  (277,180)  88 %  Operating (loss) income  (325,685)  (68,852)  (256,833)  373 %  Nonoperating (expense) income:  Interest expense  (17,719)  (13,312)  (4,407)  33 %  Loss on extinguishment of debt  (1,266)  (1,217)  (49)  4 %  Fair value remeasurement gain  9,401  -  9,401  100 %  Other (expense) income, net  (494)  2,926  (3,420)  (117)%  Total nonoperating expense  (10,078)  (11,603)  1,525  (13)%  (Loss) income before income taxes  (335,763)  (80,455)  (255,308)  317 %  Benefit (expense) from income taxes  58,059  2,779  55,280  *  Net loss  (277,704)  (77,676)  (200,028)  258 %  Net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc.  $  (277,704)  $  (77,676)  $  (200,028)  258 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

*Not meaningful

The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations data expressed as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated:

| Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Net revenues  100 %  100 %  Costs and expenses:  Cost of sales  (48.6)  (47.3)  Selling and administrative expenses  (60.3)  (80.1)  Related party expenses  -  (0.1)  Impairments  (115.4)  (0.4)  Gain on sale of the aircraft  2.1  -  Other operating income, net  0.2  -  Total operating expense  (222.0)  (127.9)  Operating (loss) income  (122.0)  (27.9)  Nonoperating (expense) income:  Interest expense  (6.6)  (5.4)  Loss on extinguishment of debt  (0.5)  (0.5)  Fair value remeasurement gain  3.5  -  Other (expense) income, net  (0.2)  1.2  Total nonoperating expense  (3.8)  (4.7)  (Loss) income before income taxes  (125.8)  (32.6)  Benefit (expense) from income taxes  21.8  1.1  Net loss  (104.0)  (31.5)  Net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc.  (104.0)%  (31.5)%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Revenues

Net revenues increased by $20.3 million, or 8%, primarily due to an increase in direct-to-consumer revenue of $54.8 million attributable to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease in e-commerce revenue of $15.9 million, a decrease in NFT revenue of $11.5 million, due to a sale of a collection of NFT "Rabbitars" in 2021, a decrease of $5.2 million in licensing revenue and a $1.1 million decrease in TV and cable programming revenue.

## Cost of Sales

Cost of sales increased by $12.9 million, or 11%, primarily due to an increase in direct-to-consumer cost of sales of $21.8 million related to the full  year  impact  of  our  2021  direct-to-consumer  acquisitions,  as  well  as  expenses  related  to  our  creator  platform  of  $7.3  million,  and  an  increase  in  ecommerce inventory reserve charges of $1.6 million, partly offset by e-commerce volume declines of $5.6 million, $8.1 million in amortization of non-cash valuation  inventory  step-up  as  part  of  the  purchase  accounting  for  the  acquisitions  of  TLA  and  Honey  Birdette  in  the  prior  year  comparative  period, realignment of $3.0 million of personnel costs into selling and administrative expenses and reductions in digital costs of sales of $1.1 million.

## Selling and Administrative Expenses

Selling and administrative expenses decreased by $36.5 million, or 18%, primarily due to a $38.6 million reduction in stock-based compensation, $31.5 million of non-cash fair value change due to contingent liabilities fair value remeasurements relating to our 2021 acquisitions and $9.6 million of lower professional services costs, partly offset by increased direct-to-consumer costs of $28.1 million related to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-toconsumer  acquisitions,  higher  employee  compensation  related  costs,  excluding  stock-based  compensation,  of  $6.6  million,  $3.4  million  of  expenses attributable to our creator platform and increased cloud-based software and technology infrastructure investments of $6.0 million.

## Related Party Expenses

Related  party  expenses  decreased  by  $0.3  million,  or  100%,  due  to  termination  of  our  management  agreement  with  an  affiliate  of  one  of  our stockholders for management and consulting services in the first quarter of 2021 upon consummation of the Business Combination.

## Impairments

Impairments increased by $307.2 million, or 100%, primarily due to impairment charges on Playboy-branded trademarks, Honey Birdette's and TLA's  trade  names  and  goodwill  recorded  in  the  third  quarter  of  2022  of  $301.8  million,  higher  impairment  charges  related  to  our  digital  assets  of $3.9 million as a result of their fair value decreasing below their carrying value, and impairment of certain other assets of $1.4 million in the third quarter of 2022. Refer also to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 7, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, for further information.

## Gain on Sale of the Aircraft

Gain on sale of the aircraft increased by $5.7 million, or 100%, due to the gain on the sale of Company's aircraft in September 2022.

## Other Operating Income, Net

Other operating income, net increased by $0.5 million, or 100%, due to gain recognized on the sale of digital assets during the fourth quarter of 2022.

## Nonoperating (Expense) Income

## Interest Expense

Interest expense increased by $4.4 million, or 33%, primarily due to incremental borrowings of $70.0 million pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 to the New Credit Agreement in August 2021, the Aircraft Term Loan of $9.0 million (which was repaid in September 2022), higher interest rates pursuant to Amendment No. 2 to the New Credit Agreement in August 2022 and higher applicable interest rates in the second half of 2022.

## Loss on Extinguishment of Debt

Loss on extinguishment of debt remained flat, primarily due to a loss of $1.1 million on the partial extinguishment of debt related to a $25 million prepayment in the fourth quarter of 2022 and $0.2 million of loss on early extinguishment of the Aircraft Term Loan in the third quarter of 2022, compared to a loss of $1.2 million on debt extinguishment from our debt refinancing in 2021 as described in Note 9, Debt.

## Fair Value Remeasurement Gain

Fair value remeasurement gain increased by $9.4 million, or 100%, due to the remeasurement of our preferred stock liability to its fair value at December 31, 2022.

## Other (Expense) Income , Net

Other (expense) income, net changed by $3.4 million, from $2.9 million in income to $0.5 million in expense, primarily due to amortization of previously capitalized fees of $0.6 million allocated to the second issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock in the third quarter of 2022, $0.7 million of gain in the prior year comparative period related to the gain from settlement of convertible promissory notes recognized during the first quarter of 2021 (as we settled the convertible promissory note payable to UTA at a 20% discount), and $1.7 million in gain recognized from litigation settlements in 2021.

## Benefit (expense) from Income Taxes

Provision for income taxes increased from $2.8 million of tax benefit during 2021 to $58.1 million of tax benefit during 2022. The decrease in tax provision is primarily driven by the increase in pretax book loss offset by (i) impairment of tangible assets, (ii) Section 162 (m) limitations and (iii) foreign withholding taxes.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

In  addition  to  our  results  determined  in  accordance  with  GAAP,  we  believe  the  following  non-GAAP  measure  is  useful  in  evaluating  our operational  performance.  We  use  the  following  non-GAAP  financial  information  to  evaluate  our  ongoing  operations  and  for  internal  planning  and forecasting  purposes.  We  believe  that  non-GAAP  financial  information,  when  taken  collectively,  may  be  helpful  to  investors  in  assessing  our  operating performance.

## EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA

'EBITDA' is defined as net income or loss before interest, income tax expense or benefit, and depreciation and amortization. 'Adjusted EBITDA' is  defined  as  EBITDA  adjusted  for  stock-based  compensation  and  other  special  items  determined  by  management.  Adjusted  EBITDA  is  intended  as  a supplemental measure of our performance that is neither required by, nor presented in accordance with, GAAP. We believe that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted  EBITDA  provides  an  additional  tool  for  investors  to  use  in  evaluating  ongoing  operating  results  and  trends  and  in  comparing  our  financial measures with those of comparable companies, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. However, investors should be aware that when evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, we may incur future expenses similar to those excluded when calculating these measures. In addition, our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or nonrecurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed by other companies, because all companies may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion.

In addition to adjusting for non-cash stock-based compensation, non-cash charges for the fair value remeasurements of certain liabilities and nonrecurring  impairment  and  inventory  charges,  we  typically  adjust  for  nonoperating  expenses  and  income,  such  as  management  fees  paid  to  our  largest stockholder,  merger  related  bonus  payments,  non-recurring  special  projects  including  the  implementation  of  internal  controls,  expenses  associated  with financing activities, gain on the sale of assets, non-cash inventory reserve charges, acquisition related inventory step-up amortization and costs, the expense associated with asset impairments, reorganization and severance resulting in the elimination or rightsizing of specific business activities or operations as we transformed from a print and digital media business to a commerce centric business.

Because of the limitations described above, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA on a supplemental basis. Investors should review the reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA below and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business.

The following table reconciles net loss to EBITDA (loss) and Adjusted EBITDA (loss) income (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Net loss  $  (277,704)  $  (77,676)  Adjusted for:  Interest expense  17,719  13,312  Loss on extinguishment of debt  1,266  1,217  Benefit from income taxes  (58,059)  (2,779)  Depreciation and amortization  13,613  7,291  EBITDA  (303,165)  (58,635)  Adjusted for:  Stock-based compensation  20,540  58,446  Adjustments  12,124  9,413  Amortization of inventory step-up  -  8,089  Gain on sale of the aircraft  (5,689)  -  Contingent consideration fair value remeasurement  (29,173)  2,369  Impairments  308,165  964  Management fees and expenses  -  250  Preferred stock fair value remeasurement  (9,401)  -  Acquisition related costs  -  11,549  Adjusted EBITDA  $  (6,599)  $  32,445   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2022 are related to amortization of the previously capitalized fees allocated to the second issuance of our Series A Preferred Stock in August 2022, non-cash inventory reserve charges, severance, consulting, advisory and other costs relating to special projects, including the implementation of internal controls over financial reporting and adoption of accounting standards.
- Gain on sale of the Company's aircraft for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to its sale in September 2022.

- Contingent consideration fair value remeasurement for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 relates to non-cash fair value change due to contingent liabilities fair value remeasurement resulting from the acquisition of Honey Birdette and GlowUp.
- Preferred stock fair value remeasurement for the year ended December 31, 2022 relates to non-cash fair value change due to preferred stock liability fair value remeasurement.
- Impairments for the year ended December 31, 2022 relate to the impairments of digital assets and other intangible assets, including goodwill.
- Adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2021 are primarily related to bonus payments in connection with the Business Combination, as well as consulting, advisory and other costs relating to other costs related to special projects, including, the implementation of internal controls over financial reporting, and executive search costs.
- Amortization of inventory valuation step-up adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2021 relates to amortization of a non-cash inventory valuation step-up as part of the purchase accounting for the acquisitions of TLA and Honey Birdette.
- Impairments for the year ended December 31, 2021 relate to the impairment of digital assets recognized in the fourth quarter of 2021.
- Management fees and expenses adjustments for the year ended December 31, 2021 represent fees paid to one of our stockholders.
- Acquisition related costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 include consulting and advisory costs related to acquisition activities.

## Segments

Our Chief Executive Officer is our Chief Operating Decision Maker ('CODM'). Our segment disclosure is based on its intention to provide the users of our consolidated financial statements with a view of the business from our perspective. We operate our business in three primary operating and reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. Licensing operations include the licensing of one or more of our trademarks and/or images for consumer products, location-based entertainment and online gaming businesses. Direct-to-Consumer operations include consumer  products  sold  through  third-party  retailers  or  online  direct-to-customer.  Digital  Subscriptions  and  Content  operations  include  the  production, marketing and sales of programming under the Playboy brand name, which is distributed through various channels, including domestic and international television, sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles, and sales of creator content offerings to consumers on playboy.com .

The following are our results of financial performance by segment for each of the years presented (in thousands):

| Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Net revenues  Licensing  $  60,861  $  66,055  Direct-to-consumer  186,574  147,852  Digital subscriptions and content  18,709  31,281  All other  789  1,398  Total  $  266,933  $  246,586  Operating (loss) income  Licensing  (73,979)  48,280  Direct-to-consumer  (206,962)  (3,021)  Digital subscriptions and content  (13,016)  9,386  Corporate  (32,439)  (124,632)  All other  711  1,135  Total  $  (325,685)  $  (68,852)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Licensing

Net revenues decreased by $5.2 million, or 8%, during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to the decline in contractual revenue and overages from our licensing partners.

Operating income decreased by $122.3 million, or more than 100%, during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to $116.0 million of non-cash impairment charges on Playboy-branded trademarks in the third quarter of 2022, and a $5.2 million decline in licensing revenue.

## Direct-to-Consumer

Net revenues increased by $38.7 million, or 26%, during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to revenue of $54.8 million attributable to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions, partly offset by a decrease in e-commerce revenue of $15.9 million.

Operating  loss  increased  by  $203.9  million,  or  more  than  100%,  during  2022  compared  to  2021,  primarily  due  to  $184.8  million  of  non-cash impairment charges on certain of our intangible assets, including goodwill, a decrease in e-commerce revenue of $15.9 million, higher personnel costs of $6.3  million,  increased  cloud-based  software  and  technology  infrastructure  investments  of  $3.9  million,  and  higher  e-commerce  inventory  reserves  of $1.6  million,  partly  offset  by  a  decrease  in  e-commerce  shipping  costs  of  $1.0  million,  a  decrease  in  e-commerce  marketing  costs  of  $3.5  million  and operating income of $5.0 million attributable to the full year impact of our 2021 direct-to-consumer acquisitions.

## Digital Subscriptions and Content

Net revenues decreased by $12.6 million, or 40%, during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to a decrease in NFT revenue of $11.5 million, due to  a  sale  of  a  collection  of  NFT  "Rabbitars"  in  2021  and  a  decrease  in  TV  and  cable  programming  revenue  of  $1.1  million,  partly  offset  by  revenues attributable to our creator platform of $0.5 million.

Operating income decreased by $22.4 million, or more than 100%, during 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily attributable to a $12.6 million reduction in revenue and higher expenses related to our content creator platform of $12.1 million, launched in the fourth quarter of 2021, partly offset by a decrease of $2.6 million in NFT related expenses.

## All Other

Net revenues decreased by $0.6 million, or 44%, during 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower revenue recognized from the fulfillment of our remaining magazine subscription obligations as a result of the cessation of publishing the magazine in 2020.

Operating income decreased by $0.4 million, or 37%, during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to lower recognized revenue related to the fulfillment of magazine subscription obligations.

## Corporate

Corporate expenses decreased by $92.2 million, or 74%, during 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to $31.5 million of non-cash fair value change due to contingent liabilities fair value remeasurement relating to our 2021 acquisitions, lower stock-based compensation expense of $38.6 million, lower marketing and advertising costs of $2.6 million and lower professional services costs of $17.8 million, which includes $11.5 million of acquisition related costs and costs associated with our transition to a public company incurred in the prior year comparative period.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Sources of Liquidity

Our  main  source  of  liquidity  is  cash  generated  from  operating  and  financing  activities,  which  primarily  includes  cash  derived  from  revenue generating activities, in addition to proceeds from our issuance of debt (as described further below), proceeds from public offerings and proceeds from the issuance and sale of Series A Preferred Stock. As of December 31, 2022, our principal source of liquidity was our cash in the amount of $31.6 million which is primarily held in operating and deposit accounts.

In  June  2021,  we  completed  a  public  offering  in  which  4,720,000  shares  of  our  common  stock  were  sold  at  a  price  of  $46  per  share.  The  net proceeds received from the public offering were $202.9 million.

On May 16, 2022, we issued and sold 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Drawbridge DSO Securities LLC (the "Purchaser") at a price of $1,000 per share, resulting in total gross proceeds to us of $25.0 million, and we agreed to sell to the Purchaser, and the Purchaser agreed to purchase from us, up to an additional 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock on the terms set forth in the securities purchase agreement entered into by us and the Purchaser. We incurred approximately $1.5 million of fees associated with the transaction, $1.0 million of which was netted against the gross proceeds.

On August 8, 2022, we issued and sold the remaining 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Purchaser at a price of $1,000 per share (the "Second Drawdown"), resulting in additional gross proceeds to us of $25.0 million. We incurred approximately $0.5 million of fees associated with the Second Drawdown, which were netted against the gross proceeds. As a result of the transaction, all of our authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding as of August 8, 2022.

On January 24, 2023, we issued 6,357,341 shares of our common stock in a registered direct offering to a limited number of investors. We received net proceeds of approximately $13.75 million from the registered direct offering.

We also completed a rights offering in February 2023, pursuant to which we issued 19,561,050 shares of common stock. We received net proceeds of approximately $47.5 million from the rights offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses. We used $40 million of the net proceeds from the rights offering for repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement, and we intend to use the remainder for other general corporate purposes.

Although  consequences  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  ongoing  macroeconomic  uncertainty  could  adversely  affect  our  liquidity  and  capital resources in the future, and cash requirements may fluctuate based on the timing and extent of many factors, such as those discussed above, we believe our existing  sources  of  liquidity  will  be  sufficient  to  fund  our  operations,  including  lease  obligations,  debt  service  requirements,  capital  expenditures  and working capital obligations for at least the next 12 months from the filing of this Annual Report. We may seek additional equity or debt financing in the future to satisfy capital requirements, respond to adverse developments such as the COVID-19 pandemic, changes in our circumstances or unforeseen events or conditions, or fund organic or inorganic growth opportunities. In the event that additional financing is required from third-party sources, we may not be able to raise it on acceptable terms or at all.

## Debt

## 2014 Term Loan

In June 2014, we borrowed $150.0 million under a four-and-one-half-year term loan maturing on December 31, 2018, at an effective rate of 7.0% from DBD Credit Funding LLC pursuant to a credit agreement (the 'Credit Agreement'). In December 2019, the term loan was amended to borrow an additional $12.0 million. Our debt bore interest at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for the interest period in effect plus the applicable margin in effect from time to time. The Eurodollar Rate is the greater of (a) an interest rate per annum (rounded upward, if necessary, to the next 1/100th of 1%) determined by the administrative agent divided by 1 minus the statutory reserves (if any) and (b) 1.25% per annum.

In January 2021, the term loan was amended to defer the excess cash flow payment due in January 2021 to April 2021 among other amendments. The terms of the modified term loan were not considered substantially different and the amendment was accounted for as a modification. On May 25, 2021, the Credit Agreement was repaid in full and terminated upon completion of the refinancing described below.

## New Term Loan

On May 25, 2021, we borrowed $160.0 million under a term loan maturing on May 25, 2027 (the 'New Term Loan'), at an effective rate of LIBOR plus 5.75%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.50% through November 2022 and a LIBOR floor of 4.76%, starting December 2022. The New Term Loan replaced the 2014  Term  Loan.  The  interest  rate  applicable  to  borrowings  under  the  New  Term  Loan  may  subsequently  be  adjusted  on  periodic  measurement  dates provided for under the New Credit Agreement based on the type of loans borrowed by us and our total leverage ratio at such time. At our option, we may borrow loans which accrue interest at (i) a base rate (with a floor of 1.50%) or (ii) at LIBOR, in each case plus an applicable per annum margin. The per annum applicable margin for base rate loans is 4.25% or 4.75%, with the lower rate applying when the total leverage ratio as of the applicable measurement date is 3.00 to 1.00 or less, and the per annum applicable margin for LIBOR loans is 5.25% or 5.75%, with the lower rate applying when the total leverage ratio  as  of  the  applicable  measurement  date  is  3.00  to  1.00  or  less.  The  New  Term  Loan  requires  quarterly  amortization  payments  of  $0.4  million, commencing on September 30, 2021, with the balance becoming due at maturity. The stated interest rate on the New Term Loan was 11.01% and 6.25% as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effective interest rate of the New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was 12.27% and 7.1%, respectively.

Our obligations pursuant to the New Credit Agreement are guaranteed by us and any of our current and future wholly-owned, domestic subsidiaries, subject to certain exceptions. In connection with the New Credit Agreement, the Company and the other guarantor subsidiaries of the Company entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement with the collateral agent, pursuant to which we granted a senior security interest to the agent in substantially all of our assets (including the stock of certain of our subsidiaries) in order to secure our obligations under the New Credit Agreement.

We entered into Amendment No. 1 to the New Credit Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among PLBY, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent, to, among other things: (a) obtain a $70 million incremental term loan, thereby increasing the aggregate principal amount of term loan indebtedness outstanding under the New Credit Agreement to $230 million, and (b) amend the terms of the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, permit Honey Birdette and certain of its subsidiaries to guaranty the obligations under the New Credit Agreement.

The Incremental Term Loan was incurred on materially the same terms as the New Term Loan. The New Credit Agreement, as amended by the First Amendment, requires quarterly amortization payments of $0.6 million, commencing on September 30, 2021. The Incremental Term Loan, together with cash on hand, was used to finance the acquisition of Honey Birdette and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Incremental Term Loan and such acquisition.

In August 2022, we entered into the second amendment to the New Credit Agreement ('Second Amendment'), which, among other things: (i) required the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated cash balance of $40 million, to be tested twice quarterly (with a 45-day cure period), subject to certain  exceptions;  (ii)  required  that  the  Company's  consolidated  cash  balance  not  fall  below  $25  million  for  more  than  five  consecutive  business  days during any applicable test period (with a 15-day cure period to then exceed a cash balance of $40 million); (iii) increased addbacks to the determination of the Company's consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement); (iv) set Total Net Leverage Ratios for Test Periods (as such terms are defined  in  the  New  Credit  Agreement)  ending  June  30,  2022  through  March  31,  2023  at  7.00  to  1.00,  reducing  quarterly  thereafter  at  the  step-downs specified in the New Credit Agreement to 4.50 to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024, in each case subject to up to $12.5 million of cash netting; (v) increased the per annum interest rates applicable to base rate loans to 4.75% or 5.25% and the per annum interest rates applicable to LIBOR loans to 5.75% or 6.25%, in each case plus 0.25% per 0.50x increase above prior financial covenant levels during an applicable period and with the lower rates applying when the Total Net Leverage Ratio as of the applicable measurement date is 3.00 to 1.00 or less; (vi) allowed the Company to prepay the loans under the New Credit Agreement at par and allow the Company and its investors to purchase such loans from the Lenders on a pro rata basis (subject to certain limitations set forth in the New Credit Agreement); and (vii) increased financial reporting to the Lenders and imposes certain limitations on the ability of the Company to incur further  indebtedness  or  undertake  certain  transactions  until  the  Company  has  significantly  reduced  certain  leverage  ratios  set  forth  in  the  New  Credit Agreement.

The cash balance requirements are subject to a dollar-for-dollar reduction for payments which reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loans under  the  New  Credit  Agreement,  and  were  so  reduced  by  the  Company's  repayment  of  $25  million  in  December  2022,  and  such  requirements  and limitations on the Company's ability to make certain restricted payments (including repurchases of its stock) terminate upon achieving a pro forma total leverage ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of less than 4.00 to 1.00. In connection with the Second Amendment, $0.2 million of debt issuance costs were expensed as incurred, and $2.5 million of debt discount were capitalized.

In  December  2022,  we  entered  into  Amendment  No.  3  to  the  New  Credit  Agreement  (the  'Third  Amendment'),  which,  among  other  things, provided for: (i) the waiver of the Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Third Amendment) covenant for the fourth quarter of 2022; (ii) a mandatory prepayment by the Company of $25 million, which was made in December 2022; (iii) the ability of the Company to voluntarily prepay an additional $5 million  by  March  1,  2023  (the  '23Q1  Payment')  to  waive  the  Total  Net  Leverage  Ratio  covenant  for  the  first  quarter  of  2023;  (iv)  the  ability  of  the Company to prepay $50 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for all of 2023 and to adjust the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant levels in subsequent periods; (v) the ability of the Company to prepay an aggregate of $65 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to eliminate the lenders' board observer rights provided for under the credit agreement, to eliminate the Applicable Additional Margin (as defined in the Third Amendment), and to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2024; (vi) the ability of the Company to prepay $75 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the second quarter of 2024; (vii) the ability of the Company to prepay $115 million (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of $5 million) to entirely waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant; and (viii) a covenant by the Company to use 80% of any gross proceeds from its next common equity capital raise to prepay the debt under the Existing Credit Agreement up to an aggregate amount of $50 million, provided that, such cap may be reduced by any other voluntary prepayments after the date of the Third Amendment (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of $5 million). All prepayments described above reduce the Company's cash maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement on a dollarfor-dollar basis. The other terms of the Existing Credit Agreement remained substantially unchanged from the Second Amendment to the New Term Loan. Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Third Amendment were immaterial, and were expensed as incurred. The Company recorded $1.1 million of  loss  on  partial  extinguishment  of  debt  related  to  the  mandatory  prepayment  made  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2022  pursuant  to  the  Third  Amendment. Quarterly  amortization  payments  were  decreased  to  $0.5  million,  commencing  on  December  31,  2022,  as  a  result  of  $25  million  prepayment  made  in December of 2022, with the balance due at maturity.

On February 17, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 4 to the New Credit Agreement (the 'Fourth Amendment'), which, among other things: (i) required that the mandatory prepayment of 80% of PLBY's equity offering proceeds apply only to PLBY's $50 million rights offering completed in February 2023 (thereby reducing the applicable prepayment cap to $40 million), (ii) required an additional $5 million prepayment by us as a condition to completing the Fourth Amendment, and (iii) reduced the prepayment threshold for waiving our Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant through June 30, 2024 to $70  million  (from  the  prior  $75  million  prepayment  threshold).  Such  $70  million  of  prepayments  has  been  achieved  by  the  Company  through  the combination of a $25 million prepayment in December 2022, the $40 million prepayment made in connection with the rights offering in February 2023, and the additional $5 million prepayment made at the completion of the Fourth Amendment.

As a result of the prepayments described above, we obtained a waiver of the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant through the second quarter of 2024, eliminated the cash maintenance covenants, eliminated the lenders' board observer rights and eliminated applicable additional margin which had previously been provided for under the New Credit Agreement, as amended. The other terms of the New Credit Agreement otherwise remain substantially unchanged.

The terms of the  New Credit  Agreement  limit  or  prohibit,  among  other  things,  our  ability  to:  incur  liens,  incur  additional  indebtedness,  make investments, transfer, sell or acquire assets, pay dividends and change the business we conduct. Acquiom Agency Services LLC has a lien on all our assets as stated in the New Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant which requires the Company to maintain a maximum Total Net Leverage Ratio (calculated as a ratio of total debt to consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), in accordance with the terms of the New Credit Agreement). The Company was in compliance with the financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2021. Compliance with the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant as of December 31, 2022 was waived pursuant to the terms of the Third Amendment.

## Aircraft Term Loan

In May 2021, we borrowed $9.0 million under a five-year term loan maturing in May 2026 to fund the purchase of an aircraft (the 'Aircraft Term Loan'). The stated interest rate was 6.25% as of December 31, 2021. The Aircraft Term Loan required monthly amortization payments of approximately $0.1 million, commencing on July 1, 2021. We incurred $0.1 million of financing costs related to the Aircraft Term Loan, which were capitalized.

In September 2022, we completed the sale of the Company's aircraft to an unaffiliated, private, third-party buyer for a sale price of $17.5 million, representing a net gain on sale of $5.7 million. In connection with the sale of the Company's aircraft, the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged. A loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a prepayment penalty, was immaterial.

## Promissory Notes - Creative Artists Agency and Global Brands Group

In  August  2018,  a  convertible  promissory  note  was  issued  to  CAA  Brand  Management,  LLC  ('CAA')  for  $2.7  million  and  a  convertible promissory note was issued to GBG International Holding Company Limited ('GBG') for $7.3 million. These notes were non-interest bearing and were convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. The terms of these notes were subject to negotiation in December 2020, and in December 2020, we settled the outstanding GBG note at a 20% discount for $5.8 million, resulting in a gain from settlement of $1.5 million. In January 2021, the outstanding note with CAA was converted into 51,857 shares of Legacy Playboy's common stock, which was exchanged for 290,563 shares of our common stock upon the closing of the Business Combination in February 2021.

## Convertible Promissory Notes - United Talent Agency

In March and June 2018, we issued convertible promissory notes to UTA for an aggregate principal amount of $3.5 million. These notes were noninterest  bearing  and  were  convertible  into  shares  of  our  common  stock  no  later  than  October  31,  2020,  which  was  extended  to  December  31,  2020.  In January 2021, the settlement terms of the outstanding notes were amended to extend the term to the one-month anniversary of the termination or expiration of the Merger Agreement. In February 2021, we repaid the outstanding principal balance of the notes at a 20% discount resulting in a gain on settlement of $0.7 million.

## Leases

Our principal lease commitments are for office space and operations under several noncancelable operating leases with contractual terms expiring from  2021  to  2033.  Some  of  these  leases  contain  renewal  options  and  rent  escalations.  As  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  our  fixed  leases  were $56.1  million  and  $49.8  million,  with  $10.0  million  and  $9.7  million  due  in  the  next  12  months,  respectively.  For  further  information  on  our  lease obligations, refer to Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands):

| Year Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  Net cash provided by (used in):  Operating activities  $  (59,609)  $  (36,742)  Investing activities  8,753  (273,176)  Financing activities  11,559  370,474   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Net cash used in operating activities was $59.6 million, including a net loss of $277.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net loss was adjusted for non-cash charges of $249.3 million, primarily attributable to impairment of digital and other assets of $308.2 million, stock-based compensation expense  of  $20.5  million,  loss  on  extinguishment  of  debt  of  $1.3  million,  $13.6  million  of  depreciation  and  amortization  expense,  inventory  reserve adjustments of $4.2 million and $10.1 million of amortization of right of use assets, partially offset by changes in the fair value of liabilities of $38.6 million, deferred income taxes of $64.4 million and gain on sale of the Company's aircraft of $5.7 million. Other changes in assets and liabilities represent items that had  a  current  period  cash  flow  impact,  such  as  changes  in  working  capital.  Net  cash  outflows  from  changes  in  working  capital  of  $31.2  million  were primarily associated with an increase in receivables and prepaid expenses and other assets and a decrease in operating lease liabilities, other current liabilities and deferred revenues, offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits and a decrease in contract assets and inventories.

Net cash used in operating activities was $36.7 million, including a net loss of $77.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Net loss was adjusted for non-cash charges of $70.2 million, primarily attributable to stock-based compensation expense of $58.4 million, loss on extinguishment of debt of $1.2 million, $7.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense and $6.5 million of amortization of right of use assets, partially offset by deferred income taxes of $6.7 million. Other changes in assets and liabilities represent items that had a current period cash flow impact, such as changes in working capital.  Net  cash  outflows  from  changes  in  working  capital  of  $29.3  million  were  primarily  associated  with  an  increase  in  contract  assets,  receivables, inventories and in prepaid expenses and other assets, and a decrease in operating lease liabilities and accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits, offset by an increase in accounts payable largely associated with infrastructure development costs incurred as part of our transition to a public company.

## Cash Flows from Investing Activities

Net cash provided by investing activities was $8.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to the net proceeds from the sale of the Company's aircraft of $16.8 million, partially offset by the acquisition of property and equipment of $8.0 million.

Net cash used in investing activities was $273.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to the acquisition of TLA and Honey Birdette as well as purchase of an aircraft.

## Cash Flows from Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities was $11.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was primarily due to net proceeds of $48.3 million from our issuance of preferred stock, partly offset by the repayment of borrowings.

Net cash provided by financing activities was $370.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which was primarily due to net proceeds from our June 2021 public offering, as well as issuance of long-term debt, net cash acquired from the Business Combination and PIPE Investment, partially offset by the repayment of borrowings and the payment of financing costs.

## Critical Accounting Estimates

Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with US GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements are, by their nature, uncertain and unpredictable, and depend upon, among other things, many factors outside of our control, such as demand for our products, economic conditions and other current and future events, such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our estimates are based on our historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

While our significant accounting policies are described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, we believe that the accounting policies below are most critical to understanding our financial condition and historical and future results of operations.

## Revenue Recognition

We  license  trademarks  under  multi-year  arrangements  with  consumer  products,  online  gaming  and  location-based  entertainment  businesses. Typically, the initial contract term ranges between one to ten years. Renewals are separately negotiated through amendments. Under these arrangements, we generally receive an annual nonrefundable minimum guarantee that is recoupable against a sales-based royalty generated during the license year. Annual minimum  guarantee  amounts  are  billed  quarterly,  semi-annually,  or  annually  in  advance  and  these  payments  do  not  include  a  significant  financing component. We adjust how we account for revenue pursuant to licenses, if collectability on their related billings becomes improbable. Excess royalties are payable quarterly. The performance obligation is a license of symbolic IP that provides the customer with a right to access the IP, which represents a standready obligation that is satisfied over time. We recognize revenue for the total minimum guarantee specified in the agreement on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement and recognize excess royalties only when the annual minimum guarantee is exceeded. Generally, excess royalties are recognized when they  are  earned.  As  the  sales  reports  from  licensees  are  typically  not  received  until  after  the  close  of  the  reporting  period,  we  follow  the  variable consideration framework and constraint guidance to estimate the underlying sales volume to recognize excess royalties based on historical experience and general economic trends. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material.

## Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net

Goodwill  and  certain  other  intangible  assets  deemed  to  have  indefinite  useful  lives  are  not  amortized.  Rather,  goodwill  and  indefinite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment at least annually. Finite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and, along with other long-lived assets, are evaluated for impairment periodically whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying values may not be fully recoverable.

We perform annual impairment test on goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or when events occur or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, an impairment test is unnecessary. If an impairment test is necessary, we will estimate the fair value of a related reporting unit.

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The carrying amounts of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, stores, acquired intangible assets and right-of-use operating lease assets are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the future undiscounted cash flows the assets are expected to generate over its remaining life. If such review indicates that the carrying amount of intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to the fair value.

## Inventory

Inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Inventory reserves are recorded for excess and slow-moving inventory. Our analysis includes a review of inventory quantities on hand at period-end in relation to year-to-date sales, existing orders from customers and projections for sales in the foreseeable future. The net realizable value is determined based on historical sales experience on a style-bystyle  basis.  The  valuation  of  inventory  could  be  impacted  by  changes  in  public  and  consumer  preferences,  demand  for  product,  changes  in  the  buying patterns of both retailers and consumers and inventory management of customers.

## Stock-Based Compensation

We measure compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards, including stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units granted  to  employees,  directors,  and  nonemployees,  based  on  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  awards  on  the  date  of  grant.  Compensation  expense  is recognized ratably in earnings, generally over the period during which the recipient is required to provide service. We adjust compensation expense based on actual forfeitures, as necessary.

Our  stock  options  vest  ratably  over  the  contractual  vesting  period,  which  is  generally  three  to  four  years,  and  the  fair  value  of  the  awards  is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Our restricted stock units vest ratably over the contractual vesting period and the fair value of the awards is estimated on the date of grant as the underlying value of the award. Awards with graded vesting features are recognized over the requisite service period for the entire award. Our performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") vest upon achieving each of certain PLBY's stock price milestones during the contractual vesting period. For milestones that have not been achieved, such PSUs vest over the derived requisite service period and the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations. The determination of the grant date fair value of PSUs issued is affected by a number of variables and subjective assumptions, including (i) the fair value of PLBY's common stock, (ii) the expected common stock price volatility over the expected life of the award, (iii) the expected term of the award, (iv) risk-free interest rates, (v) the exercise price, and (vi) the expected dividend yield. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur.

## Income Taxes

We record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the more-likely-than-not realization threshold. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning alternatives. Playboy uses a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals and litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the largest amount of tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.

## Recent Accounting Pronouncements

See Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about recent  accounting  pronouncements,  the  timing  of  their  adoption,  and  our  assessment,  to  the  extent  we  have  made  one,  of  their  potential  impact  on  our financial condition and results of operations.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We may be exposed to a variety of market and other risks, including the effects of changes in interest rates, inflation, and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as risks to the availability of funding sources, hazard events, and specific asset risks.

## Interest Rate Risk

The market risk inherent in our financial instruments and our financial position represents the potential loss arising from adverse changes in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of $31.6 million and $69.2 million, respectively, and restricted cash and cash equivalents of $3.8 million and $6.2 million, respectively, primarily consisting of interest-bearing deposit accounts for which the fair market value would be affected by changes in the general level of U.S. interest rates. However, an immediate 10% change in interest rates would not have a material effect on the fair market value of our cash and restricted cash and cash equivalents.

In order to maintain liquidity and fund business operations, our long-term New Term Loan bears a variable interest rate based on prime, federal funds, or LIBOR plus an applicable margin based on our total net leverage ratio. The nature and amount of our long-term debt can be expected to vary as a result of future business requirements, market conditions, and other factors. We may elect to enter into interest rate swap contracts to reduce the impact associated with interest rate fluctuations, but as of December 31, 2022, we have not entered into any such contracts.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had outstanding debt obligations of $201.6 million and $237.4 million, respectively, which accrued interest at a rate of 11.01% and 6.25%, respectively. Based on the balance outstanding under our New Term Loan at December 31, 2022, we estimate that a 1% increase or decrease in underlying interest rates would increase or decrease annual interest expense by $2.0 million in any given fiscal year. See also our 'Risk Factors-Risks Related to Our Business and IndustryChanges affecting the availability of the London Interbank Offered Rate ('LIBOR') may have consequences that we cannot yet fully predict ' included in Item 1A of this Annual Report.

## Credit Risk

We maintain certain cash balances in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts and do not believe that there is any credit risk to our cash. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the wide variety of customers to whom our products are sold and/or licensed. We had a licensee that accounted for approximately 8% and 9% of our net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

## Foreign Currency Risk

We transact business in various foreign currencies and have significant international revenues, as well as costs denominated in foreign currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Australian dollar. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates, and in particular a strengthening of the U.S. dollar, have in the past, and may in the future, negatively affect our revenue and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we derived approximately 41% and 38% of our revenue from international customers, respectively, out of which 48% and 23%, respectively, was denominated in foreign currency.  We  expect  the  percentage  of  revenue  derived  from  outside  the  United  States  to  increase  in  future  periods  as  we continue  to  expand  globally.  Revenue  and  related  expenses  generated  from  our  international  operations  (other  than  most  international  licenses)  are denominated in the functional currencies of the corresponding country. The functional currency of our subsidiaries that either operate in or support these markets is generally the same as the corresponding local currency. The majority of our international licenses are denominated in U.S. dollars. The results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international operations are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. Upon consolidation, as exchange rates vary, our revenue and other operating results may differ materially from expectations, and we may record significant gains or losses on the remeasurement of intercompany balances. We do not have an active foreign exchange hedging program.

There are numerous factors impacting the amount by which our financial results are affected by foreign currency translation and transaction gains and losses resulting from changes in currency exchange rates, including, but not limited to, the volume of foreign currency-denominated transactions in a given  period.  Foreign  currency  transaction  exposure  from  a  10%  movement  of  currency  exchange  rates  would  have  a  material  impact  on  our  results, assuming no foreign currency hedging. For the year ended December 31, 2022,  we  recorded  an  unrealized  loss  of  $20.4  million,  which  is  included  in accumulated other comprehensive loss as of December 31, 2022. This was primarily related to the increase in the U.S. dollar against the Australian dollar during the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Market Price Risk of Digital Assets

During  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021  we  released  "Rabbitars",  a  non-fungible  token  collection,  and  accepted  Ethereum  as  payment.  As  of December 31, 2022, the net carrying value of our digital assets held was $0.3 million. We account for our digital assets as indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are subject to impairment losses if the fair value of our digital assets decreases below their carrying value at any time. Impairment losses cannot be recovered for any subsequent increase in fair value. For example, the market price of one Ethereum in our principal market ranged from $964 - $3,813 during the year ended December 31, 2022, but the carrying value of each Ethereum we held at the end of the reporting period reflects the lowest price of one Ethereum quoted on the active exchange at any time since its receipt. Therefore, negative swings in the market price of Ethereum could have a material impact on our earnings and on the carrying value of our digital assets. Positive swings in the market price of Ethereum are not reflected in the carrying value of our digital assets and impact earnings only when the Ethereum is sold at a gain. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred an impairment loss of $4.9 million on our Ethereum.

## Inflation Risk

Inflationary factors such as increases in the cost of our product and overhead costs may adversely affect our operating results. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations in recent periods, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain or improve current levels of revenue, gross margin and selling and administrative expenses, or the ability of our  customers  to  make  discretionary  purchases  of  our  goods  and  services.  See  our  'Risk  Factors-Risks  Related  to  Our  Business  and  IndustryOur business depends on consumer purchases of discretionary items, which can be negatively impacted during an economic downturn or periods of inflation. This could negatively affect our sales, profitability and financial condition,' included in Item 1A of this Annual Report.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

## PLBY Group, Inc.

## Index to Consolidated Financial Statements

## Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

| Page  Audited Consolidated Financial Statements:  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (BDO USA, LLP; Los Angeles, California; PCAOB ID: # 243)  59  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Prager Metis CPAs LLP; El Segundo, California; PCAOB ID: # 4054)  61  Financial Statements:  Consolidated Statements of Operations  62  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss  63  Consolidated Balance Sheets  64  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity  65  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  66  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  68   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Shareholders and Board of Directors PLBY Group, Inc. Los Angeles, California

## Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of PLBY Group, Inc. (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years then ended, and the related notes and financial  statement  schedule  listed  in  the  accompanying  index  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'consolidated  financial  statements').  In  our  opinion,  the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('COSO') and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon.

## Change in Accounting Method Related to Leases

As discussed in Notes 1 and 14 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for leases during the year ended December 31, 2021 due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') 842, Leases.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The  critical  audit  matter  communicated  below  is  a  matter  arising  from  the  current  period  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matter does not alter in  any  way  our  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  taken  as  a  whole,  and  we  are  not,  by  communicating  the  critical  audit  matter  below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

## Impairment Assessment of Intangible Assets and Goodwill

As described in Notes 1, 2 and 7 to the Company's consolidated financial statements, goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names totaled $123.2 million, $216.0 million and $19.5 million as of December 31, 2022, respectively. With respect to goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, the Company performs annual impairment test in the fourth quarter or when events occur or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value below carrying values. With respect to definite-lived trade names, the carrying amounts of long-lived assets, inclusive of definite-lived trade names, are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. As a result of macroeconomic factors, the Company experienced declines in revenue and profitability, which was considered a triggering event, causing the Company to test the recoverability of its goodwill and intangible assets as of September 1, 2022. The Company recognized impairment charges of $133.8 million related to goodwill, $116.0 million related to indefinite-lived trademarks and $54.1 million related to trade names and certain other assets at the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022.

We identified the evaluation of goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names for impairment as a critical audit matter. With respect to goodwill, the determination of the fair value of the reporting units requires management to determine significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model including revenue growth rates, and discount rates. With respect to indefinite-lived trademarks, the determination of the fair value requires management to determine significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flow and relief from royalty valuation models including revenue growth rates, royalty rates, and discount rates. With respect to the definite-lived trade names, the determination of the fair value requires management to determine significant assumptions used in the relief from royalty valuation model including revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. Auditing management's significant assumptions used in the assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks and definite-lived trade names involved especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included:

- Assessing the reasonableness of projected revenue growth rates and royalty rates, through: (i) evaluating current and historical performance of the identifiable cash flows, (ii) assessing financial projections against external industry data, (iii) performing sensitivity analysis and evaluating the potential effect of changes in certain assumptions, and (iv) evaluating whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.
- Utilizing professionals with specialized skills and knowledge in valuation to assist in: (i) evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models, and (ii) assessing the reasonableness of the royalty rates and discount rates used in the determination of fair values.

## /s/ BDO USA, LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2021.

## Los Angeles, California

## March 16, 2023

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Playboy Enterprises, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  operations,  stockholders'  equity  and,  cash  flows  of  Playboy  Enterprises,  Inc.  (the 'Company') for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the 2020 financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the results of the Company's operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United  States)  (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## /s/ Prager Metis CPAs LLP

El Segundo, California March 31, 2021

We have served as the Company's auditor from 2015 to 2020. In 2021 we became the predecessor auditor.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

## PLBY Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net revenues  $  266,933  $  246,586  $  147,662  Costs and expenses:  Cost of sales  (129,642)  (116,752)  (74,384)  Selling and administrative expenses  (160,982)  (197,472)  (58,659)  Related party expenses  -  (250)  (1,007)  Impairments  (308,165)  (964)  -  Gain on sale of the aircraft  5,689  -  -  Other operating income, net  482  -  -  Total operating expense  (592,618)  (315,438)  (134,050)  Operating (loss) income  (325,685)  (68,852)  13,612  Nonoperating (expense) income:  Interest expense  (17,719)  (13,312)  (13,463)  Loss on extinguishment of debt  (1,266)  (1,217)  -  Fair value remeasurement gain  9,401  -  -  Other (expense) income, net  (494)  2,926  1,652  Total nonoperating expense  (10,078)  (11,603)  (11,811)  (Loss) income before income taxes  (335,763)  (80,455)  1,801  Benefit (expense) from income taxes  58,059  2,779  (7,072)  Net loss  (277,704)  (77,676)  (5,271)  Net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc.  $  (277,704)  $  (77,676)  $  (5,271)  Net loss per share, basic and diluted  $  (5.86)  $  (2.04)  $  (0.24)  Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted  47,420,376  38,105,736  22,199,591   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PLBY Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss (in thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net loss  $  (277,704)  $  (77,676)  $  (5,271)  Other comprehensive loss:  Foreign currency translation adjustment  (20,420)  (3,725)  -  Other comprehensive loss  (20,420)  (3,725)  -  Comprehensive loss  $  (298,124)  $  (81,401)  $  (5,271)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PLBY Group, Inc.

## Consolidated Balance Sheets

## (in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| December 31,  2022  2021  Assets  Current assets:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  31,640  $  69,245  Restricted cash  2,072  2,211  Receivables, net of allowance for credit losses  18,420  14,129  Inventories, net  33,089  39,881  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  17,760  13,416  Total current assets  102,981  138,882  Restricted cash  1,737  4,030  Property and equipment, net  17,375  26,445  Operating right of use assets  41,265  38,746  Digital assets, net  327  6,836  Goodwill  123,217  270,577  Other intangible assets, net  236,281  418,444  Contract assets, net of current portion  13,680  17,315  Other noncurrent assets  15,600  14,132  Total assets  $  552,463  $  935,407  Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest, and Stockholders' Equity  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  $  20,631  $  20,577  Accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits  4,938  4,623  Deferred revenues, current portion  10,762  11,036  Long-term debt, current portion  2,050  2,808  Contingent consideration, at fair value  835  36,630  Operating lease liabilities, current portion  9,977  9,697  Other current liabilities and accrued expenses  33,739  32,417  Total current liabilities  82,932  117,788  Deferred revenues, net of current portion  21,406  42,532  Long-term debt, net of current portion  191,125  226,042  Deferred tax liabilities, net  25,293  91,208  Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion  36,678  35,534  Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock, at fair value  39,099  -  Other noncurrent liabilities  886  20  Total liabilities  397,419  513,124  Commitments and contingencies (Note 14)  Redeemable noncontrolling interest  (208)  (208)  Stockholders' equity:  Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, 5,000,000 shares authorized, 50,000 shares designated Series A  preferred stock, of which 50,000 shares were issued as of December 31, 2022; 0 shares issued or designated as  of December 31, 2021  -  -  Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 150,000,000 shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021; 47,737,699  shares issued and 47,037,699 shares outstanding at December 31, 2022; 42,996,121 shares issued and  42,296,121 shares outstanding at December 31, 2021  5  4  Treasury stock, at cost: 700,000 shares and 700,000 shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively  (4,445)  (4,445)  Additional paid-in capital  617,233  586,349  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (24,145)  (3,725)  Accumulated deficit  (433,396)  (155,692)  Total stockholders' equity  155,252  422,491  Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest, and stockholders' equity  $  552,463  $  935,407   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity

## PLBY Group, Inc. (in thousands, except share amounts)

| Series A Preferred  Stock  Common stock  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Treasury  Stock  Additional  Paid-in  Capital  Accumulated Other  Comprehensive  Loss  Accumulated  Deficit  Total  Balance at December 31, 2019, as previously  reported  -  $  -  3,681,185  $  36  $  (23,453)  $  184,452  $  -  $  (78,016)  $  83,019  Retroactive application of recapitalization  -  -  16,945,064  (34)  23,453  (23,419)  -  -  -  Balance at December 31, 2019, effect of reverse  acquisition (Note 1)  -  -  20,626,249  2  -  158,045  -  (72,745)  85,302  Stock-based compensation expense and  vesting of restricted stock units  -  -  -  -  -  2,988  -  -  2,988  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5,271)  (5,271)  Balance at December 31, 2020  -  $  -  20,626,249  $  36  $  -  $  161,033  $  -  $  (78,016)  $  83,019  Conversion of convertible promissory note  -  -  290,563  -  -  2,730  -  -  2,730  Business combination and PIPE financing  -  -  12,644,168  1  (4,445)  99,618  -  -  95,174  Secondary offering  -  -  4,720,000  1  -  202,894  -  -  202,895  Shares issued in connection with unit  purchase options exercise, net exercised  -  -  247,976  -  -  -  -  -  -  Shares issued in connection with employee  stock plans  -  -  301,063  -  -  -  -  -  -  Shares issued pursuant to trademark licensing  agreement  -  -  109,291  -  -  5,000  -  -  5,000  Shares issued in connection with the  acquisition of Honey Birdette  -  -  2,160,261  -  -  30,006  -  -  30,006  Shares issued upon exercise of stock options  -  -  608,775  -  -  2,329  -  -  2,329  Shares issued in connection with the  acquisition of GlowUp  -  -  548,034  -  -  15,126  -  -  15,126  Contingent consideration in relation to  acquisition of GlowUp  -  -  -  -  -  9,167  -  -  9,167  Shares issued pursuant to a license, services  and collaboration agreement  -  -  39,741  -  -  1,500  -  -  1,500  Stock-based compensation expense and  vesting of restricted stock units  -  -  -  -  -  56,946  -  -  56,946  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  (3,725)  -  (3,725)  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (77,676)  (77,676)  Balance at December 31, 2021  -  $  -  42,296,121  $  4  $  (4,445)  $  586,349  $  (3,725)  $  (155,692)  $ 422,491  Shares issued in connection with options  exercise, net exercised  -  -  495,052  -  -  1,924  -  -  1,924  Shares issued in connection with employee  stock plans  -  -  3,759,122  1  -  -  -  -  1  Shares issued pursuant to a license, services  and collaboration agreement  -  -  30,911  -  -  -  -  -  -  Shares issued in connection with asset  purchase  -  -  103,570  -  -  1,333  -  -  1,333  Shares issued in connection with preferred  shares agreement  50,000  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Shares issued in connection with the  settlement of the performance holdback  contingent consideration relating to the  acquisition of GlowUp  -  -  352,923  -  -  260  -  -  260  Stock-based compensation expense and  vesting of restricted stock units  -  -  -  -  -  22,553  -  -  22,553  Reclassification of the fair value of the lock-  up shares contingent consideration relating  to the acquisition of Honey Birdette  -  -  -  -  -  4,814  -  -  4,814  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  (20,420)  -  (20,420)  Net loss  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (277,704)  (277,704)  Balance at December 31, 2022  50,000  $  -  47,037,699  $  5  $  (4,445)  $  617,233  $  (24,145)  $  (433,396)  $ 155,252   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

## PLBY Group, Inc. (in thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cash Flows From Operating Activities  Net loss  $  (277,704)  $  (77,676)  $  (5,271)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  13,613  7,291  2,259  Stock-based compensation  20,540  58,446  2,988  Fair value remeasurement of liabilities  (38,574)  2,369  858  Loss on extinguishment of debt  1,266  1,217  -  Gain from settlement of convertible promissory note  -  (700)  (1,454)  Impairments  308,165  964  -  Amortization of right of use assets  10,103  6,473  -  Deferred income taxes  (64,403)  (6,690)  2,621  Inventory reserves  4,214  -  -  Gain on sale of aircraft  (5,689)  -  -  Other, net  101  850  317  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:  Receivables, net  (4,299)  (6,744)  (449)  Inventories  1,832  (5,098)  (209)  Contract assets  1,153  (4,060)  (330)  Prepaid expenses and other assets  (2,210)  (11,544)  (1,242)  Accounts payable  391  7,638  423  Accrued salaries, wages, and employee benefits  410  (2,573)  267  Deferred revenues  (21,371)  (277)  3,360  Operating lease liabilities  (10,570)  (5,140)  -  Other, net  3,423  (1,488)  (3,325)  Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities  (59,609)  (36,742)  813  Cash Flows From Investing Activities  Purchases of property and equipment  (8,049)  (17,505)  (884)  Net proceeds from sale of aircraft  16,802  -  -  Stock receivable  -  -  (4,445)  Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired  -  (255,549)  -  Other investing activities  -  (122)  (141)  Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  8,753  (273,176)  (5,470)  Cash Flows From Financing Activities  Net proceeds from public offering of stock  -  202,895  -  Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt  -  239,000  -  Net proceeds from issuance of preferred stock  48,250  -  -  Settlement of the performance holdback contingent consideration  (151)  -  -  Repayment of long-term debt  (35,964)  (160,639)  (2,315)  Repayment of convertible notes  -  (2,800)  (5,816)  Payment of deferred offering costs  -  (6,910)  (262)  Payment of financing costs  (2,500)  (3,312)  (97)  Net contribution from the Merger and PIPE Financing  -  99,911  -  Proceeds from exercise of stock options  1,924  2,329  -  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  11,559  370,474  (8,490)  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  (740)  (630)  -  Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash  (40,037)  59,926  (13,147)  Balance, beginning of year  75,486  15,560  28,707  Balance, end of year  $  35,449  $  75,486  $  15,560  Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash consist of:  Cash and cash equivalents  $  31,640  $  69,245  $  13,430  Restricted cash  3,809  6,241  2,130  Total  $  35,449  $  75,486  $  15,560   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PLBY Group, Inc.

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued)

## (in thousands)

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Supplemental Disclosures  Cash paid for income taxes  $  5,327  $  5,809  $  4,896  Cash paid for interest  $  15,546  $  15,020  $  13,559  Supplemental Disclosure of Non-cash Activities  Purchases of property and equipment  $  379  $  450  $  179  Common stock issued in connection with license agreement  $  -  $  5,000  $  -  Contingent consideration from acquisition of Honey Birdette and GlowUp  $  -  $  43,557  $  -  Conversion of convertible notes into common stock  $  -  $  2,730  $  -  Deferred offering costs in accounts payable  $  -  $  -  $  396  Stock issued in connection with acquisition of Honey Birdette and GlowUp  $  -  $  45,015  $  -  Right of use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities  $  11,959  $  2,992  $  -  Reclassification of stock receivable to treasury stock upon settlement  $  -  $  4,445  $  -  Reclassification of the fair value of the lock-up shares contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of  Honey Birdette  $  4,814  $  -  $  -  Digital assets acquired in connection with sale of tokenized art and collectibles  $  -  $  7,800  $  -  Shares issued pursuant to a license, services and collaboration agreement  $  237  $  1,500  $  -  Shares issued in connection with asset purchase  $  1,333  $  -  $  -  Shares issued in connection with the settlement of the performance holdback contingent consideration relating  to the acquisition of GlowUp  $  260  $  -  $  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## PLBY Group, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

## 1. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Description of Business

PLBY Group, Inc. (the 'Company', 'we', 'our' or 'us'), known as Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp ('MCAC') prior to the completion of the Business Combination (defined below), together with its subsidiaries, including Playboy Enterprises, Inc. ('Legacy Playboy'), through which it conducts business,  is  a  global  consumer  and  lifestyle  company  marketing  the  Playboy  brand  through  a  wide  range  of  direct-to-consumer  products,  licensing initiatives, digital subscriptions and content, and location-based entertainment.

We  have  three  reportable  segments:  Licensing,  Direct-to-Consumer,  and  Digital  Subscriptions  and  Content.  Refer  to  Note  19,  Segments.  We realigned our segments in 2022 and adjusted respective disclosures to recast the historical periods prior to the realignment to conform with current segment presentation.

## Legacy Playboy Merger with MCAC

PLBY Group, Inc. was originally incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 12, 2019 as a special purpose acquisition company under the name  Mountain  Crest  Acquisition  Corp,  formed  for  the  purpose  of  effecting  a  merger,  capital  stock  exchange,  asset  acquisition,  stock  purchase, recapitalization,  reorganization  or  similar  business  combination  with  one  or  more  businesses.  MCAC  completed  its  initial  public  offering  in  June  2020. Pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger dated September 30, 2020 (the 'Merger Agreement'), MCAC agreed to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Legacy Playboy common stock for approximately $381.3 million in aggregate consideration, comprised of (i) 23,920,000 shares of MCAC common stock, based on a price of $10.00 per share, subject to adjustment, and (ii) the assumption of no more than $142.1 million of Legacy Playboy net debt. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the closing of the transactions contemplated thereby, Merger Sub would merge with and into Legacy Playboy (the 'Merger') with Legacy Playboy surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCAC (the 'Business Combination'). The Merger was subject to certain closing conditions, including stockholder approval, no material adverse effects with respect to Legacy Playboy, and MCAC capital requirements. In addition, in connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, MCAC was renamed 'PLBY Group, Inc.'

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Legacy Playboy, Sunlight Global Investment LLC ('Sponsor'), and Dr. Suying Liu entered into a stock purchase agreement (the 'Insider Stock Purchase Agreement'). Refer to Note 11, Stockholders' Equity.

On September 30, 2020, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, MCAC entered into subscription agreements (the 'Subscription Agreements')  and  registration  rights  agreements  (the  'PIPE  Registration  Rights  Agreements'),  with  certain  institutional  and  accredited  investors (collectively, the 'PIPE Investors'), pursuant to, and on the terms and subject to the conditions of which, the PIPE Investors collectively subscribed for an aggregate 5,000,000 shares of MCAC common stock at $10.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of $50.0 million (the 'PIPE Investment'). The PIPE Investment was consummated substantially concurrently with the closing of the Business Combination for net proceeds of $46.8 million.

On February 10, 2021, the Business Combination was consummated, and MCAC (i) issued an aggregate of 20,916,812 shares of its common stock to existing stockholders of Legacy Playboy, (ii) assumed Legacy Playboy options exercisable for an aggregate of 3,560,541 shares of MCAC common stock at a weighted-average exercise price of $5.61 and (iii) assumed the obligation to issue shares in respect of terminated Legacy Playboy restricted stock units ('RSUs') for an aggregate of 2,045,634 shares of MCAC common stock to be settled one year following the closing date. We incurred $1.3 million in transaction costs that were recorded in 'additional paid-in capital' upon consummation of the Business Combination.

Legacy Playboy's options and RSUs that were outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combination (but not an option granted to Ben Kohn on January 31, 2021 to purchase 965,944 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of $10.52 per share (the 'Pre-Closing Option')) were accelerated and fully vested. Each outstanding option was assumed by MCAC and automatically converted into an option to purchase such number of shares of MCAC's common stock equal to the product of (x) the merger consideration and (y) the option holder's respective percentage of the merger consideration. All RSUs that were then outstanding were terminated and will be settled in shares of common stock equal to the product of (x) the merger consideration, and (y) the terminated RSU holder's respective percentage of the merger consideration.

The Business Combination was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization whereby MCAC, who is the legal acquirer, was treated as the 'acquired' company for financial reporting purposes and Legacy Playboy was treated as the accounting acquirer. This determination was primarily based on Legacy Playboy having a majority of the voting power of the post-combination company, Legacy Playboy's senior management comprising substantially all of the senior management of the post-combination company, the relative size of Legacy Playboy compared to MCAC, and Legacy Playboy's operations comprising the ongoing operations of the post-combination company. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination is treated as the equivalent of a capital transaction in which Legacy Playboy is issuing stock for the net assets of MCAC. The net assets of MCAC are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Legacy Playboy. All share, per share and net loss per share amounts prior to the Business Combination have been retroactively restated to reflect the recapitalization.

The  following  table  reconciles  the  elements  of  the  Merger  to  the  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  and  the  consolidated  statement  of stockholders' equity for the year ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands):

| Cash - trust account and cash  $  54,044  Cash - PIPE Investment  46,844  Less: transaction costs paid in 2021  (977)  Net contributions from Merger and PIPE Investment  99,911  Less: transaction costs paid in 2020  (292)  Merger and PIPE Investment  $  99,619   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes were prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, ('GAAP').

## Out-of-period Reclassification Adjustment to 2021 Consolidated Statements of Operations

The  Company  previously  included  $2.5  million  of  shipping  costs  in  selling  and  administrative  expenses  within  the  consolidated  statement  of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. However, these costs have been reclassified as cost of sales to conform to our 2022 presentation. The Company evaluated this inconsistency, and the impact to previously issued financial  statements,  and  concluded  that  the  adjustments  and  impact  of  this classification inconsistency is not material to any previously issued quarterly or annual financial statements. To improve the consistency and comparability of  the  financial  statements,  management  has  recorded  an  out-of-period  adjustment  to  previously  reported  financial  statement  line  items  and  related disclosures in this report. This reclassification adjustment to the 2021 consolidated statements of operations did not have any impact on operating income, net income, and earnings per common share.

## Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and all majority-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

The Company follows a monthly reporting calendar, with its fiscal year ending on December 31. Prior to the third quarter of 2022, Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Limited ("Honey Birdette"), which the Company acquired in August 2021 (see Note 17, Business Combinations) had different fiscal quarter and year ends than the Company. Honey Birdette followed a fiscal calendar widely used by the retail industry which resulted in a fiscal year consisting of a 52or 53-week period ending on the Sunday closest to December 31. Honey Birdette's fiscal year previously consisted of four 13-week quarters, with an extra week added to each fiscal year every five or six years. Honey Birdette's second fiscal quarter in 2022 consisted of 14 weeks. The difference in prior fiscal periods  for  Honey  Birdette  and  the  Company  is  considered  to  be  immaterial  and  no  related  adjustments  have  been  made  in  the  preparation  of  these consolidated financial statements.

## Use of Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.

We  regularly  assess  these  estimates,  including  but  not  limited  to,  valuation  of  our  trademarks  and  trade  name;  valuation  of  our  contingent consideration liabilities; valuation of our Series A Preferred Stock; pay-per-view and video-on-demand buys, and monthly subscriptions to our television and digital  content;  the  adequacy  of  reserves  associated  with  accounts  receivable  and  inventory;  unredeemed  gift  cards  and  store  credits;  and  stock-based compensation expense. We base these estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ from these estimates and such differences could be material to the financial position and results of operations.

## Business Combinations

We allocate the consideration transferred to the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values. The excess of  the  consideration  transferred  over  the  fair  values  of  these  identifiable  assets  and  liabilities  is  recorded  as  goodwill.  The  excess  of  fair  value  of  the identifiable assets and liabilities over the consideration transferred is recorded as a gain in the consolidated statement of operations. Such valuations require management to make significant estimates and assumptions. Management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. During the measurement period, which is one year from the acquisition date, we may record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to earnings.

## Concentrations of Business and Credit Risk

We maintain certain cash balances in excess of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insured limits. We periodically evaluate the credit worthiness of the financial institutions with which we maintain cash deposits. We have not experienced any losses in such accounts and do not believe that there is any credit risk to our cash. Concentration of credit risk with respect to accounts receivable is limited due to the wide variety of customers to whom our products are sold and/or licensed.

The following table represents receivables from the Company's customers exceeding 10% of our total as of December 31, 2022 and 2021:

| Customer  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  Customer A  *  30 %  Customer B  *  15 %  Customer C  24 %  *   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Indicates the receivables for the customer did not exceed 10% of the Company's total as of December 31, 2022 or 2021, as applicable.

The following table represents revenue from the Company's customers exceeding 10% of the total for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Year Ended December 31,  Customer  2022  2021  2020  Customer A  *  *  11 %  Customer B  *  *  *  Customer C  *  *  15 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Indicates revenues for the customer did not exceed 10% of the Company's total for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020, as applicable.

## Cash Equivalents

Cash equivalents are temporary cash investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase and are stated at cost, which approximates fair value.

## Restricted Cash

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, restricted cash was primarily related to cash collateralized letters of credit we maintained in connection with the lease of our Los Angeles headquarters, as well as Honey Birdette's term deposit in relation to Sydney office lease. The December 31, 2021 restricted cash balance included a cash collateralized letter of credit we maintained in connection with the purchase of the Company's aircraft, which letter of credit was released in the fourth quarter of 2022 as a result of the sale of the Company's aircraft in September 2022.

## Accounts Receivable, Net

Trade receivables are reported at their outstanding unpaid balances, less allowances for expected credit losses. The allowances for expected credit losses  are  increased  by  the  recognition  of  bad  debt  expense  and  decreased  by  charge-offs  (net  of  recoveries)  or  by  reversals  to  income.  In  determining expected credit losses, we consider our historical level of credit losses, current economic trends, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the future cash flows. A receivable balance is written off when we deem the balance to be uncollectible. The allowance for expected credit losses was immaterial at December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Inventories

Inventories consist primarily of finished goods and are stated at the lower of cost, using the first-in, first-out ('FIFO') method, and net realizable value. Inventory reserves are recorded for excess and slow-moving inventory. Our analysis includes a review of inventory quantities on hand at period-end in relation to year-to-date sales, existing orders from customers and projections for sales in the foreseeable future. The net realizable value is determined based on  historical  sales  experience  on  a  style-by-style  basis.  The  valuation  of  inventory  could  be  impacted  by  changes  in  public  and  consumer  preferences, demand for product, changes in the buying patterns of both retailers and consumers and inventory management of customers.

## Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation, except for assets acquired in connection with our business combinations, which are reflected at fair value at the date of combination. Costs incurred for computer software developed or obtained for internal use are capitalized for application  development  activities  and  are  immediately  expensed  for  preliminary  project  activities  or  post-implementation  activities.  Depreciation  is recorded using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. The useful life for furniture and equipment ranges from three to seven years, software from two to three years, and aircraft is seven years. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of their estimated useful lives or the terms of the related leases. The amortization of leasehold improvements is included in depreciation expense. Repair and maintenance  costs  are  expensed  as  incurred  and  major  betterments  are  capitalized.  Sales  and  retirements  of  property  and  equipment  are  recorded  by removing the related cost and accumulated depreciation from the accounts, after which any related gains or losses are recognized.

## Intangible Assets and Goodwill

Our  indefinite-lived  intangible  assets  consist  of  Playboy-branded  trademarks.  We  perform  an  annual  impairment  test  on  Playboy-branded trademarks in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or as events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce their fair value below the carrying amount. We evaluate the indefinite-lived Playboy-branded trademarks for impairment utilizing a combination of the income approach and the relief from royalty method. Key assumptions applied in an income approach, using a discounted cash flow analysis, include (i) forecasted sales growth rates and  (ii)  forecasted  profitability,  both  of  which  are  estimated  based  on  consideration  of  historical  performance  and  management's  estimate  of  future performance,  and  (iii)  discount  rates  that  are  used  to  calculate  the  present  value  of  future  cash  flows,  which  rates  are  derived  based  on  our  estimated weighted average cost of capital. Key assumptions used in the relief from royalty valuation model include revenue growth rates, royalty rates and discount rates. Our weighted average cost of capital included a review and assessment of market and capital structure assumptions. The projections we use in the model are updated annually and will change over time based on the historical performance and changing business conditions. If the carrying value of the trademark exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recognized for the excess amount.

We perform annual impairment test on goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year or when events occur or circumstances change that would, more likely than not, reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, an impairment test is unnecessary. If an impairment test is necessary, we will estimate the fair value of a related reporting unit. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the goodwill of that reporting unit is determined to be impaired, and we will proceed with recording an impairment charge equal to the excess of the carrying value over the related fair value. If we determine it is more likely than not that goodwill is not impaired, a quantitative test is not necessary.

As a result of macroeconomic factors, we experienced declines in revenue and profitability, causing the Company to test the recoverability of its goodwill and other intangible assets as of September 1, 2022. The quantitative test performed indicated that the fair value of the indefinite-lived Playboybranded trademarks was less than their carrying value. Our valuation estimate was most sensitive to changes in royalty rates and the cost of capital. We recognized $116.0 million of impairment charges on our indefinite-lived assets at the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022. A quantitative impairment test performed on goodwill, utilized the income approach, under which fair value was determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. The quantitative test performed indicated that the carrying value of certain of our reporting units exceeded their fair value. As a result, we recognized $133.8 million of impairment charges on our goodwill at the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022.

Based on our annual impairment tests, we determined there were no impairment charges to goodwill and our indefinite-lived assets to be recognized in the fourth quarter of 2022.

Definite-lived intangible assets include distribution agreements, photo and magazine archives, developed technology, licensing agreements, and trade names and customer lists, which we recognized in connection with our business combinations. Because these assets were recognized as identifiable intangible assets in connection with our previous business combinations, we do not incur costs to renew or extend their terms. All of our definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their useful lives.

## Impairment of Long-Lived Assets

The carrying amounts of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, stores, acquired intangible assets and right-of-use operating lease assets are periodically reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than originally estimated. Recoverability of these assets is measured by a comparison of the carrying amounts to the  future  undiscounted  cash  flows  the  assets  are  expected  to  generate  over  their  remaining  lives.  If  such  review  indicates  that  the  carrying  amount  of intangible assets is not recoverable, the carrying amount of such assets is reduced to their fair value.

If the useful life is shorter than originally estimated, we amortize the remaining carrying value over the revised shorter useful life. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset.

As a result of macroeconomic factors, we experienced declines in direct-to-consumer revenue and profitability in the third quarter of 2022, causing the Company to test recoverability as of September 1, 2022. Recoverability tests for our amortizable trade names as of September 1, 2022 indicated that a quantitative impairment test would be necessary. The fair values of our amortizable trade names and certain other assets were less than their carrying values. As a result, we recognized $55.1 million of impairment charges on our trade names and certain other long-lived assets at the impairment date. There were no events or changes in circumstances since the September 1, 2022 impairment date that would indicate that the carrying value of our long-lived assets would not be recoverable. As a result, no impairment charges to our definite-lived assets were recognized during the fourth quarter of 2022.

## Digital Assets

Digital  assets  are  initially  recorded  at  cost  and  are  subsequently  remeasured  at  cost,  net  of  any  impairment  losses  on  our  consolidated  balance sheets. We assign costs to digital asset transactions on a first-in, first-out basis. Gains or losses are not recorded until realized upon sale(s).

We determine the fair value of our digital assets on a nonrecurring basis, based on quoted prices on the active exchange(s) that we have determined is  the  principal  market  for  such  assets  (Level  1  inputs).  We  perform  a  quarterly,  or  more  frequent  review  to  identify  whether  events  or  changes  in circumstances, principally decreases in the quoted prices on active exchanges on any day during the quarter, indicate that it is more likely than not that our digital  assets  are  impaired.  The  cost  basis  of  digital  assets  will  not  be  adjusted  upward  for  subsequent  increases  in  fair  value.  We  recorded  impairment charges of $4.9 million, $1.0 million and $0 related to our digital assets, which are reported in 'Impairments' in the consolidated statements of operations during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Leases

Prior to January 1, 2021, we categorize leases at their inception as either operating or capital. In the ordinary course of business, we entered into noncancelable operating leases for office space. We recognize lease costs on a straight-line basis and treat lease incentives as a reduction of rent expense over the term of the agreement. The differences between cash rent payments and rent expense are recorded as deferred rent liabilities.

Upon adoption of Topic 842 on January 1, 2021, we determine if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, by evaluating whether there is an identified asset and whether we control the use of the identified asset throughout the period of use. We determine the classification of the lease, whether operating or financing, at the lease commencement date, which is the date the leased assets are made available for use. We use the non-cancelable lease term when recognizing the right-of-use ("ROU") assets and lease liabilities, unless it is reasonably certain that a renewal or termination option will be exercised. We account for lease components and non-lease components as a single lease component. Modifications are assessed to determine whether incremental differences result in new contract terms and accounted for as a new lease or whether the additional right of use should be included in the original lease and continue to be accounted for with the remaining ROU asset.

Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. Lease payments consist of the fixed payments under the arrangement, less any lease incentives. Variable costs, such as common area maintenance costs and additional payments for percentage rent, are not included in the measurement of the ROU assets and lease liabilities, but are expensed as incurred. As  the  implicit  rate  of  the  leases  is  not  determinable,  we  use  an  incremental  borrowing  rate  based  on  the  estimated  rate  of  interest  for  collateralized borrowing over a similar term of the lease payments in determining the present value of the lease payments. Lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. We do not recognize ROU assets on lease arrangements with a term of 12 months or less.

## Treasury Stock

Treasury stock is stated at cost.

## Revenue Recognition

We recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This is determined by following a five-step process which includes (1) identifying the contract with a customer, (2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract, (3) determining the transaction price, (4) allocating the transaction price and (5) recognizing revenue when or as we satisfy a performance obligation. We apply judgment to determine the nature of the promises within a revenue contract and whether those promises represent distinct performance obligations. In determining the transaction price, we do not include amounts subject to uncertainties unless it is probable that there will be no significant reversal of cumulative revenue when the uncertainty is resolved. We evaluate the nature of the license as to whether it provides a right to access or right to use the intellectual property ('IP'), which then determines whether the revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time. Sales or usage-based royalties received in exchange for licenses of IP are recognized at the later of when (1) the subsequent sale or usage occurs or (2) the performance obligation to which some or all of the sales or usage-based royalty has been allocated is satisfied.

## Licensing

We  license  trademarks  under  multi-year  arrangements  with  consumer  products,  online  gaming  and  location-based  entertainment  businesses. Typically, the initial contract term ranges between one to ten years. Renewals are separately negotiated through amendments. Under these arrangements, we generally receive an annual nonrefundable minimum guarantee that is recoupable against a sales-based royalty generated during the license year. Annual minimum  guarantee  amounts  are  billed  quarterly,  semi-annually,  or  annually  in  advance  and  these  payments  do  not  include  a  significant  financing component. Earned royalties in excess of the minimum guarantee ('Excess Royalties') are payable quarterly. The performance obligation is a license of symbolic IP that provides the customer with a right to access the IP, which represents a stand-ready obligation that is satisfied over time. We recognize revenue for the total minimum guarantee specified in the agreement on a straight-line basis over the term of the agreement and recognize Excess Royalties only when the annual minimum guarantee is exceeded. Generally, Excess Royalties are recognized when they are earned. As the sales reports from licensees are typically not received until after the close of the reporting period, we follow the variable consideration framework and constraint guidance using the expected value method to estimate the underlying sales volume to recognize Excess Royalties based on historical experience and general economic trends. Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material.

## Direct-To-Consumer Products

We generate revenue from the sale of intimate and other apparel, Halloween costumes and accessories, primarily through our direct-to-consumer channels (e-commerce sites and brick-and-mortar retail stores). We recognize e-commerce revenue upon delivery of the purchased goods to the buyer as our performance obligation, consisting of the sale of goods, is satisfied at this point in time when control is transferred. We recognize retail store revenue at a point in time when a store satisfies a performance obligation and transfers control of the product to the customer. Our revenue is recognized net of incentives and estimated returns. We periodically offer promotional incentives to customers, including basket promotional code discounts and other credits, that are treated as a reduction of revenue.

A portion of consumer product sales is generated through third-party sellers, who list the product on their websites. These sales are either fulfilled by  us  or  through  the  third-party  seller's  fulfillment  services.  We  recognize  the  fees  retained  by  the  third-party  sellers  as  expenses  in  cost  of  sales  for inventory provided through drop-shipment arrangements.

We charge shipping fees to  customers.  Since  control  transfers  to  the  customer  after  the  shipping  and  handling  activities,  we  account  for  these activities as fulfillment activities. All outbound shipping and handling costs are accounted for as fulfillment costs in cost of sales at the time revenue is recognized.

## Digital Subscriptions and Content

Digital  subscription  revenue  is  derived  from  subscription  sales  of playboyplus.com and playboy.tv ,  which  are  online  content  platforms.  Digital subscriptions represent a stand-ready obligation to provide continuous access to the platform, which is satisfied ratably over the term of the subscription. We receive fixed consideration shortly before the start of the subscription periods from these contracts, which are primarily sold in monthly, annual, or lifetime subscriptions.  Revenues  from  lifetime  subscriptions  are  recognized  ratably  over  a  five-year  period,  representing  the  estimated  period  during  which  the customer accesses the platforms. Revenues from digital subscriptions are recognized ratably over the subscription period.

Revenues generated from the sales of creator offerings to consumers via our creator platform on playboy.com are recognized at the point in time when the sale is processed. Revenues generated from subscriptions to our creator platform are recognized ratably over the subscription period.

We record revenue from sales of our tokenized digital art and collectibles at the point in time when the control is transferred on a gross basis. We are primarily responsible for fulfillment of the promise, have inventory risk, and have the latitude in establishing pricing and selecting suppliers, among other factors. We determined that we are the principal in these transactions as we have custody and control of our digital assets prior to the sale to the customer, and discretion and latitude in establishing the price.

We also license our programming content to certain cable television operators and direct-to-home satellite television operators who pay royalties based on monthly subscriber counts and pay-per-view and video-on-demand buys for the right to distribute our programming under the terms of affiliation agreements. The distinct performance obligations under such affiliation agreements include (i) a continuous transmission service to deliver live linear feeds and (ii) licenses to our functional IP that are provided over the contract term that provide the operators the right to use our content library as it exists at a point  in  time.  For  both  performance  obligations,  our  IP  is  the  predominant  or  sole  item  to  which  the  royalties  relate.  Royalties  are  generally  collected monthly and revenue is recognized as earned. The amount of royalties due to us is reported by operators based on actual subscriber and transaction levels. Such information is generally not received until after the close of the reporting period. In these cases, we follow the variable consideration framework and constraint  guidance  to  estimate  the  number  of  subscribers  and  transactions  to  recognize  royalty  amounts  based  on  historical  experience.  Historical adjustments to recorded estimates have not been material. We offer sales incentives through various programs, consisting primarily of co-op marketing. We record advertising with customers as a reduction to revenue unless we receive a distinct benefit in exchange for credits claimed by the customer and can reasonably estimate the fair value of the distinct benefit received, in which case we record it as a marketing expense.

## Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities

The timing of revenue recognition may differ from the timing of invoicing to customers. We record a receivable when we have an unconditional right to consideration which will become due solely due to the passage of time. We record a contract asset when revenue is recognized prior to invoicing or payment is contingent upon transfer of control of an unsatisfied performance obligation. We record a contract liability (deferred revenue) when revenue is recognized subsequent to cash collection. For long-term non-cancelable contracts whereby we have begun satisfying the performance obligation, we will record contract assets for the unbilled consideration which is contingent upon our future performance. Contract assets and contract liabilities are netted on a contract-by-contract basis.

## Cost of Sales

Cost of sales primarily consist of merchandise costs, warehousing and fulfillment costs, agency fees, marketplace traffic acquisition costs, website expenses, credit card processing fees, personnel costs including stock-based compensation, Playboy Television operating expenses, costs associated with branding events, paper and printing costs, customer shipping and handling expenses, fulfillment activity costs, and freight-in expenses.

## Selling and Administrative Expenses

Selling and administrative expenses primarily consist of corporate office and retail store occupancy costs, personnel-related costs including stockbased compensation, and contractor fees for accounting/finance, legal, human resources, information technology and other administrative functions, changes in the fair value of contingent consideration, general marketing and promotional activities and insurance.

## Advertising Costs

We  expense  advertising  costs  as  incurred.  Advertising  expenses  were  $22.4  million,  $22.7  million  and  $10.4  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We also have various arrangements with customers pursuant to which we reimburse them for a portion of their  advertising  costs  in  the  form  of  co-op  marketing  which  provide  advertising  benefits  to  us.  The  costs  that  we  incur  for  such  advertising  costs  are recorded as a reduction of revenue.

## Related Party Expenses

Related party expenses consist of management fees paid to an affiliate of one of our stockholders for management and consulting services pursuant to a management agreement from 2011. We terminated this agreement in the first quarter of 2021 upon consummation of the Business Combination. We recorded management fees of $0, $0.3 million and $1.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. There were no amounts due to or due from this affiliate as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.

## Stock-Based Compensation

We measure compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards, including stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units granted  to  employees,  directors,  and  nonemployees,  based  on  the  estimated  fair  value  of  the  awards  on  the  date  of  grant.  Compensation  expense  is recognized ratably in earnings, generally over the period during which the recipient is required to provide service. We adjust compensation expense based on actual forfeitures, as necessary.

Our  stock  options  vest  ratably  over  the  contractual  vesting  period,  which  is  generally  three  to  four  years,  and  the  fair  value  of  the  awards  is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The expected term of the stock options is estimated using the simplified method, as  the  Company  has  limited  historical  information  from  which  to  develop  reasonable  expectations  about  future  exercise  patterns  and  post-vesting employment  termination  behavior  for  its  stock  option  grants.  The  expected  term  represents  an  estimate  of  the  time  options  are  expected  to  remain outstanding. Our restricted stock units vest ratably over the contractual vesting period and the fair value of the awards is estimated on the date of grant as the underlying value of the award. Awards with graded vesting features are recognized over the requisite service period for the entire award. Our performancebased  restricted  stock  units  ("PSUs")  vest  upon  achieving  each  of  certain  PLBY's  stock  price  milestones  during  the  contractual  vesting  period.  For milestones that have not been achieved, such PSUs vest over the derived requisite service period and the fair value of such awards is estimated on the grant date  using  Monte Carlo simulations. The determination of the grant date fair value of PSUs issued is affected by a number of variables and subjective assumptions, including (i) the fair value of PLBY's common stock, (ii) the expected common stock price volatility over the expected life of the award, (iii) the expected term of the award, (iv) risk-free interest rates, (v) the exercise price and (vi) the expected dividend yield. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur.

## Income Taxes

We record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. The carrying amounts of deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. Accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed periodically based on the more-likely-than-not realization threshold. This assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, and tax planning alternatives. Playboy uses a two-step approach in recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals and litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the largest amount of tax benefit as the largest amount that is more likely than not to be realized upon settlement. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs.

Significant  management  judgment  is  required  in  determining  provision  for  income  taxes,  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities,  tax  contingencies, unrecognized tax benefits, and any required valuation allowance, including taking into consideration the probability of the tax contingencies being incurred. Management assesses this probability based upon information provided by its tax advisers, its legal advisers and similar tax cases. If at a later time the assessment of the probability of these tax contingencies changes, accrual for such tax uncertainties may increase or decrease.

The Company has a valuation allowance due to management's overall assessment of risks and uncertainties related to its future ability in the US to realize and, hence, utilize certain deferred tax assets, primarily consisting of net operating losses ("NOLs"), carry forward temporary differences and future tax deductions.

The effective tax rate for annual and interim reporting periods could be impacted if uncertain tax positions that are not recognized are settled at an amount which differs from the Company's estimate. Finally, if the Company is impacted by a change in the valuation allowance resulting from a change in judgment regarding the realizability of deferred tax assets, such effect will be recognized in the interim period in which the change occurs.

## Comprehensive Loss

Comprehensive loss consists of net loss and other gains and losses affecting stockholders' deficit that, under GAAP, are excluded from net loss. Our other comprehensive loss represents foreign currency translation adjustment attributable to Honey Birdette operations. Refer to Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss.

## Net Loss Per Share

Basic net loss per share is calculated by dividing the net loss attributable to PLBY Group, Inc. stockholders by the weighted-average number of shares  of  common  stock  outstanding  for  the  period.  The  diluted  net  loss  per  share  is  computed  by  giving  effect  to  all  potentially  dilutive  securities outstanding for the period. For periods in which we report net losses, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share because potentially dilutive common shares are not assumed to have been issued if their effect is anti-dilutive.

## Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

On January 1, 2021, we adopted accounting standard update ("ASU") 2019-12 ,  Income  Taxes  -  Simplifying  the  Accounting  for Income Taxes (Topic 740) ('ASU 2019-12'), which simplifies income tax accounting in various areas including, but not limited to, the accounting for hybrid tax regimes, tax implications related to business combinations, and interim period accounting for enacted changes in tax law, along with some codification improvements. The adoption of this standard had no material impact on our financial statements.

On January 1, 2021, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification, Topic 842, Leases ('ASC 842'), which supersedes the guidance in former ASC 840, Leases . This standard requires lessees to apply a dual approach, classifying leases as either finance or operating leases based on the principle of whether or not the lease is effectively a financed purchase by the lessee. This classification will determine whether lease expense is recognized based on an effective interest method or on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. A lessee is also required to record a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for all leases with a term of greater than 12 months regardless of their classification. Leases with a term of 12 months or less may be accounted for similar to existing guidance for operating leases today. We adopted ASC 842 using the alternative transition method. Comparative information has not been restated and will continue to be reported under accounting standards in effect for those periods. In adopting the new guidance, we elected to apply the package of transition practical expedients, which allows us not to reassess: (1) whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases under the new definition of a lease; (2) lease classification for any expired or existing leases; and (3) whether previously capitalized initial direct costs would qualify for capitalization under ASC 842. In transition, we did not elect to apply the hindsight practical expedient, which permits entities to use hindsight in determining the lease term and assessing impairment of right-of-use assets. We further elected to apply the short-term lease policy under which lease arrangements with a term of 12 months or less will be recognized on the statement of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Lastly, we elected, for all of our leases, to not separate lease and nonlease components. Each lease component is accounted for separately from other lease components, but together with the associated nonlease components, such as utilities, common area maintenance or promotional fund charges). Variable lease payments that are not dependent on an index or a rate are excluded from the determination of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities and such payments are recognized as expense in the period when the related obligation is incurred. The adoption of ASC 842 resulted in the recognition of a new right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet for all operating leases. As a result of the ASC 842 adoption on January 1, 2021, we recorded operating right-of-use assets of $15.7 million, including an offset to deferred rent of $1.2 million, along with associated operating lease liabilities of $16.9 million.

On  January  1,  2021,  we  adopted  ASU  No.  2016-13, Financial  Instruments  -  Credit  Losses:  Measurement  of  Credit  Losses  on  Financial Instruments, and its related amendments (collectively 'Topic 326'). This guidance modifies the financial instrument incurred loss impairment model by requiring entities to use a forward-looking approach based on expected losses and to consider a broader range of reasonable and supportable information to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including accounts receivable. We adopted Topic 326 using a modified retrospective basis and did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.

## Accounting Pronouncements Issued but Not Yet Adopted

In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued ASU 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting .  This ASU provides temporary optional guidance to ease the potential burden in accounting for reference  rate  reform.  This  ASU  provides  optional  expedients  and  exceptions  for  applying  GAAP  to  contract  modifications  and  hedging  relationships, subject to meeting certain criteria, that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. It is intended to help stakeholders during the global market-wide reference rate transition period. The guidance is effective for all entities as of March 12, 2020, through December 31, 2022. In January 2021, FASB issued ASU 2021-01, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848) in response to concerns about structural risks in accounting for reference rate reform. That  ASU  clarifies  certain  optional  expedients  and  exceptions  in  Topic  848  for  contract  modifications  and  hedge  accounting  apply  to  derivatives  that affected by the discontinuing transition. LIBOR is used as an index rate for our New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 (see Note 9, Debt).

If reference rates are discontinued, the existing contracts will be modified to replace the discontinued rate with a replacement rate. For accounting purposes, such contract modifications would have to be evaluated to determine whether the modified contract is a new contract or a continuation of an existing contract. If they are considered new contracts, the previous contract would be extinguished. Under one of the optional expedients of ASU 2020-04, modifications of contracts within the scope of Topic 310, receivables, and Topic 470, Debt, will be accounted for by prospectively adjusting the effective interest rates and no such evaluation is required. When elected, the optional expedient for contract modifications must be applied consistently for all eligible contracts or eligible transactions. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of this pronouncement of those financial assets and liabilities where LIBOR is used as an index rate.

In December 2022, FASB issued ASU 2022-06. Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848 . This ASU provides an update to defer the sunset date of Topic 848 from December 31, 2022 to December 31, 2024, after which all entities will no longer be permitted to apply the relief provided pursuant to such ASU, Topic 848.

## 2. Fair Value Measurements

Fair  value  is  the  exchange  price  that  would  be  received  for  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  (an  exit  price)  in  the  principal  or  most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. We apply the following fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value into three levels and bases the categorization within the hierarchy upon the lowest level of input that is available and significant to the fair value measurement:

Level 1 inputs: Based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2 inputs: Based on observable inputs other than Level 1 prices such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets  with  insufficient  volume  or  infrequent  transactions  (less  active  markets);  or  model-derived  valuations  in  which  all  significant  inputs  are observable or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level 3 inputs: Based on unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of fair value of assets or liabilities, and typically reflect management's estimates of assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability.

For cash equivalents, receivables and certain other current assets and liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amounts reported approximate fair value (Level 1) due to their short-term nature. For debt, based upon the refinancing of our senior secured debt in May 2021, its amendment in August 2021, August 2022 and December 2022, and the Aircraft Term Loan we obtained in May 2021, we believe that its carrying value approximates fair value, as our debt is variable-rate debt that reprices to current market rates frequently. The Aircraft Term Loan was extinguished in the third quarter of 2022 upon sale of the Company's aircraft. Refer to Note 9, Debt, for additional disclosures about our debt. Our debt is classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy.

## Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following table summarizes the fair value of our financial liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis by level within the fair value hierarchy (in thousands):

| December 31, 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Liabilities  Contingent consideration liability  $  -  $  -  $  (835)  $  (835)  Preferred stock liability  -  -  (39,099)  (39,099)  Total Liabilities  $  -  $  -  $  (39,934)  $  (39,934)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Liabilities  Contingent consideration liability  $  -  $  -  $  (36,630)  $  (36,630)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no transfers of Level 3 financial instruments during the periods presented.

Contingent consideration liability is comprised of contingent consideration recorded in connection with the acquisition of Honey Birdette, which represents the fair value for the shares issued to the Honey Birdette sellers that remained subject to lock-up restrictions, net of the fair value of the true-up adjustment for Honey Birdette's fiscal year 2022 (the "FY22 true-up"), and contingent consideration recorded in connection with the acquisition of GlowUp, which  represents  the  fair  value  for  shares  which  may  be  issued  and  cash  which  may  be  paid  to  the  GlowUp  sellers  subject  to  certain  indemnification obligations and performance criteria. Refer to Note 17, Business Combinations.

The requirements for the FY22 true-up adjustment were not met and the contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Honey Birdette was no longer contingent. As a result, no liability  balance  was  held  as  of December 31, 2022 and the  fair  value  of  the  lock-up  shares  was  reclassified  into additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet.

In the second quarter of 2022, contingent consideration related to the acquisition of GlowUp was partially satisfied as certain performance criteria were met. A portion of the total consideration for the acquisition held back in respect of indemnification obligations remained contingent as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to the terms of the GlowUp Agreement.

We recorded the acquisition-date fair value of these contingent liabilities as part of the consideration transferred. The fair value option was elected for  these  contingent  liabilities,  as  we  believe  fair  value  best  reflects  the  expected  future  economic  value.  The  fair  value  of  contingent  and  deferred consideration was estimated using either (i) a Monte Carlo simulation analysis in an option pricing framework, using revenue projections, volatility and stock price as key inputs or (ii) a scenario-based valuation model using probability of payment, certain cost projections, and either discounting (in the case of cash-settled  consideration)  or  stock  price  (for  share-settled  consideration)  as  key  inputs.  The  analysis  approach  was  chosen  based  on  the  terms  of  each purchase agreement and our assessment of appropriate methodology for each case. The contingent payments and value of stock issuances are subsequently remeasured  to  fair  value  each  reporting  date  using  the  same  fair  value  estimation  method  originally  applied  with  updated  estimates  and  inputs  as  of December 31, 2022. We recorded $29.2 million and $2.4 million of fair value change as a result of contingent liabilities fair value remeasurement in selling and administrative expenses in 2022 and 2021, respectively. We classified financial liabilities associated with the contingent consideration as Level 3 due to the lack of relevant observable inputs. Changes in key inputs described above could have an impact on the payout of contingent consideration.

Our Series A Preferred Stock liability, initially valued as of May 16, 2022 (the initial issuance date), and our subsequent Series A Preferred Stock liability, valued as of the August 8, 2022 (the final issuance date), were each calculated using a stochastic interest rate model implemented in a binomial lattice, in order to incorporate the various early redemption features. The fair value option was elected for Series A Preferred Stock liability, as we believe fair value best reflects the expected future economic value. Such liabilities are subsequently remeasured to fair value for each reporting date using the same valuation methodology as originally applied with updated input assumptions. We recorded $9.4 million of fair value change in nonoperating income as a result of remeasurement of the fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022, out of which $2.6 million was a fair value remeasurement gain recorded upon issuance of the remaining Series A Preferred Stock on August 8, 2022. We classified financial liabilities associated with our Series A Preferred Stock as Level 3 due to the lack of relevant observable inputs. Key assumptions used are namely preferred stock yields in a range of 5.0% and 8.3% as of the issuance dates and 11.2% as of December 31, 2022, and interest rate volatility of 45%, changes in which could have an impact  on  the  fair  value  of  our  Series  A  Preferred  Stock.  The  weighted-average  preferred  stock  yield  rate  and  interest  volatility  were  9.0%  and  45%, respectively.

The following table provides a roll-forward of the fair value of the liabilities categorized as Level 3 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands):

| PSARs Liability  Contingent  Consideration  Preferred Stock  Liability  Total  Balance at December 31, 2020  $  858  $  -  $  -  $  858  Issuance of contingent consideration in connection with our  acquisitions  -  34,390  -  34,390  PSARs liability settlement  (846)  -  -  (846)  Change in fair value and other  (12)  2,240  -  2,228  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  -  $  36,630  $  -  $  36,630  Preferred stock liability in relation to the issuance of preferred stock  -  -  45,892  45,892  Change in fair value and other  -  (30,619)  (6,793)  (37,412)  Partial settlement of the contingent consideration relating to the  acquisition of GlowUp  -  (362)  -  (362)  Release of the contingent consideration relating to the acquisition of  Honey Birdette  -  (4,814)  -  (4,814)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  -  $  835  $  39,099  $  39,934   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The change in the fair value of the contingent consideration for the year of 2022 was primarily due to a decrease in a price per share of our common stock. The decrease in the fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock since issuance was primarily due to an increase in observed preferred stock yields in the market.

## Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Non-recurring Basis

In addition to liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis, the Company records assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Generally, the Company's non-financial instruments, which primarily consist of goodwill, intangible assets, including digital assets, right-of-use assets and property and equipment, are not required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are reported at carrying value. However, on a periodic basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be fully recoverable (and at least annually for goodwill and indefinite-lived  intangible  assets),  non-financial  instruments  are  assessed  for  impairment  and,  if  applicable,  written-down  to  and  recorded  at  fair  value, considering  market  participant  assumptions.  The  Company's  recognized  losses  related  to  the  impairment  of  its  digital  assets  during  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were $4.9 million and $1.0 million, respectively, which had a fair value of $0.3 million and $6.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Fair value of digital assets held are predominantly based on Level 1 inputs. We use an income approach, using discounted cash flow and relief from royalty  valuation  models  with  Level  3  inputs  to  measure  the  fair  value  of  our  non-financial  assets,  including  goodwill,  indefinite-lived  trademarks  and definite-lived trade names, and liabilities. With respect to goodwill, key assumptions applied in an income approach using the discounted cash flow valuation model include revenue growth rates and discount rates. With respect to indefinite-lived trademarks, key assumptions used in the income approach and the relief  from  royalty  valuation  model  include  revenue  growth  rates,  royalty  rates,  and  discount  rates.  With  respect  to  the  definite-lived  trade  names,  key assumptions  used  in  the  relief  from  royalty  valuation  model  include  revenue  growth  rates,  royalty  rates  and  discount  rates.  Our  cash  flow  projections represent management's most recent planning assumptions, which are based on a combination of industry outlooks, views on general economic conditions, our expected pricing plans and expected future savings. Terminal values are determined using a common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant weighted-average cost of capital and long-term growth rates. Changes in key assumptions, namely discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates and projections, could have an impact on the fair value of our non-financial assets and liabilities. At the impairment date in the third quarter of 2022, we recorded impairment charges on our intangible assets, including goodwill, indefinite-lived trademarks, trade names and certain other assets of $303.9 million. No such impairments were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 7, Intangible Assets and Goodwill, for further information.

## 3. Revenue Recognition

## Contract Balances

Our contract  assets  relate  to  our  trademark  licensing  revenue  stream  where  arrangements  are  typically  long-term  and  non-cancelable.  Contract assets are reclassified to accounts receivable when the right to bill becomes unconditional. Our contract liabilities consist of billings or payments received in advance of revenue recognition and are recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred. Contract assets and contract liabilities are netted  on  a  contract-by-contract  basis.  Contract  assets  were  $16.2  million  and  $17.4  million  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  respectively.  Contract liabilities were $32.2 million and $53.6 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The changes in such contract balances during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily relate to (i) $55.8 million of revenues recognized that were included in gross contract liabilities at December 31, 2021, (ii)  $6.2  million  increase  in  contract  liabilities  due  to  cash  received  in  advance  or  consideration  to  which  we  are  entitled  remaining  in  the  net  contract liability balance at period end, (iii) $28.9 million of contract assets reclassified into accounts receivable as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional and (iv) a $0.5 million decrease in contract assets due to certain trademark licensing contract modifications and terminations.

Contract assets were $17.4 million and $8.3 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Contract liabilities were $53.6 million and $55.1 million as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The changes in such contract balances during the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily relate to (i) $55.1 million of revenues recognized that were included in gross contract liabilities at December 31, 2020, (ii) $4.8 million increase in contract liabilities due to cash received in advance or consideration to which we are entitled remaining in the net contract liability balance at period end, (iii) $48.2 million of contract assets reclassified into accounts receivable as the result of rights to consideration becoming unconditional, (iv) a $0.9 million increase in contract liabilities due to the acquisition of Honey Birdette and (v) a $10.0 million increase in contract assets due to certain trademark licensing contract modification.

## Future Performance Obligations

As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized revenue attributable to unsatisfied and partially unsatisfied performance obligations under our long-term contracts was $214.6 million, of which $205.7 million relates to Trademark Licensing, $5.2 million relates to Digital Subscriptions and Magazine, and $3.7 million relates to other obligations. Unrecognized revenue of the Trademark Licensing revenue stream will be recognized over the next eight years, of which 72% will be recognized in the first five years. Unrecognized revenue of the Digital Subscriptions and Magazine revenue stream will be recognized over the next five years, of which 38% will be recognized in the first year. Unrecognized revenues under contracts disclosed above do not include contracts for which variable consideration is determined based on the customer's subsequent sale or usage.

## Disaggregation of Revenue

The following table disaggregates revenue by type (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31, 2022  Licensing  Direct-to-  Consumer  Digital  Subscriptions  and Content  Other  Total  Licensing  $  60,861  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  60,861  Digital Subscriptions and Magazine  -  -  9,333  789  10,122  TV and Cable Programming  -  -  9,376  -  9,376  Consumer Products  -  186,574  -  -  186,574  Total revenues  $  60,861  $  186,574  $  18,709  $  789  $  266,933   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Year Ended December 31, 2021  Licensing  Direct-to-  Consumer  Digital  Subscriptions  and Content  Other  Total  Licensing  $  66,055  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  66,055  Digital Subscriptions and Magazine  -  -  20,827  1,398  22,225  TV and Cable Programming  -  -  10,454  -  10,454  Consumer Products  -  147,852  -  -  147,852  Total revenues  $  66,055  $  147,852  $  31,281  $  1,398  $  246,586   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Year Ended December 31, 2020  Licensing  Direct-to-  Consumer  Digital  Subscriptions  and Content  Other  Total  Licensing  $  63,562  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  63,562  Digital Subscriptions and Magazine  -  -  8,658  771  9,429  TV and Cable Programming  -  -  9,835  692  10,527  Consumer Products  -  64,116  -  28  64,144  Total revenues  $  63,562  $  64,116  $  18,493  $  1,491  $  147,662   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table disaggregates revenue by point-in-time versus over time (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Point in time  $  186,748  $  159,683  $  64,116  Over time  80,185  86,903  83,546  Total revenues  $  266,933  $  246,586  $  147,662   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 4. Inventories, Net

The following table sets forth inventories, net, which are stated at the lower of cost (specific cost and first-in, first-out) and net realizable value (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Editorial and other pre-publication costs  $  690  $  263  Merchandise finished goods  32,399  39,618  Total  $  33,089  $  39,881   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, reserves for slow-moving and obsolete inventory related to merchandise finished goods amounted to $5.0 million and $1.5 million, respectively.

## 5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets

Prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Prepaid taxes  $  3,150  $  -  Prepaid foreign withholding taxes  -  2,431  Deposits  205  1,302  Prepaid insurance  1,074  1,209  Contract assets, current portion  2,559  77  Software implementation and subscription costs  3,276  1,910  Prepaid inventory not yet received  3,491  2,749  Prepaid platform fees  1,126  130  Other  2,879  3,608  Total  $  17,760  $  13,416   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In the third quarter of 2021, the Company began capitalizing implementation costs incurred through certain cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts. These costs are amortized over the terms of the arrangements, which are three years, and are classified in our consolidated balance sheets in prepaid expenses and other current assets or other noncurrent assets based on the terms of the arrangements, and the related cash flows are presented as cash outflows from operations. The amortization expense related to capitalized implementation costs was $3.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, and immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2021.

## 6. Property and Equipment, Net

Property and equipment, net consists of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Aircraft  $  -  $  13,298  Leasehold improvements  13,461  9,619  Construction in progress  782  3,317  Equipment  4,103  1,381  Internally developed software  7,096  2,001  Furniture and fixtures  2,185  5,209  Total property and equipment, gross  27,627  34,825  Less: accumulated depreciation  (10,252)  (8,380)  Total  $  17,375  $  26,445   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In May 2021, we purchased an aircraft (the 'Aircraft') for an aggregate purchase price of $12.0 million. Subsequently, we capitalized $1.3 million of costs related to the refurbishment of the Aircraft and inspecting and testing the aircraft prior to purchase, which was amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of seven years.

In September 2022, we completed the sale of the Aircraft to an unaffiliated, private, third-party buyer for a sale price of $17.5 million, representing a net gain on sale of $5.7 million, which is reported in 'Gain on sale of the aircraft' in the consolidated statements of operations. In connection with the sale of the Aircraft, the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged (see Note 9, Debt).

We capitalize certain costs related to internally developed software for our content creator platform. Internally developed software is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of three years. Costs not yet being amortized are recorded in construction in progress.

The aggregate depreciation expense related to property and equipment, net was $6.4 million, $3.5 million and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## 7. Intangible Assets and Goodwill

## Intangible Assets

Our indefinite-lived intangible assets that are not amortized but subject to annual impairment testing consist of $216.0 million and $331.9 million of Playboy-branded trademarks as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Capitalized trademark costs include costs associated with the acquisition, registration  and/or  renewal  of  our  trademarks.  We  expense  certain  costs  associated  with  the  defense  of  our  trademarks.  Registration  and  renewal  costs capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial.

As a result of impacts to our revenue, attributable to macroeconomic factors, we recorded non-cash asset impairment charges related to the writedown of goodwill of $133.8 million, indefinite-lived trademarks for $116.0 million, trade names and certain other assets of $54.1 million, at the impairment date. Refer to Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, for additional disclosures about impairment charges.

Our digital assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were comprised of the crypto currency 'Ethereum' received for sales of our "Rabbitar" nonfungible tokens. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the carrying value of our digital assets held was $0.3 million and $6.8 million, respectively. Impairment charges related to our digital assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were $4.9 million, $1.0 million and $0, respectively.

In the third quarter of 2022, we accelerated $1.8 million of amortization of developed software related to our GlowUp acquisition, due to the rollout of our new content creator platform.

The table below summarizes our intangible assets, net (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Digital assets, net  $  327  $  6,836  Total amortizable intangible assets, net  20,267  86,519  Total indefinite-lived intangible assets  216,014  331,925  Total  $  236,608  $  425,280   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our amortizable intangible assets consisted of the following (in thousands):

| Weighted-  Average Life  (Years)  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Impairments*  Net Carrying  Amount  December 31, 2022  Trade names  11.9  $  76,619  $  (8,404)  $  (48,733)  $  19,482  Distribution agreements  15  3,720  (2,935)  -  785  Customer list  10  1,180  (315)  (865)  -  Developed technology  3  2,300  (2,300)  -  -  Total  $  83,819  $  (13,954)  $  (49,598)  $  20,267   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

*Includes the impairment charges on trade names of $52.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The offset relates to foreign currency translation.

| Weighted-  Average Life  (Years)  Gross Carrying  Amount  Accumulated  Amortization  Impairments  Net Carrying  Amount  December 31, 2021  Trade names  11.8  $  85,684  $  (3,293)  $  -  $  82,391  Distribution agreements  15  3,720  (2,687)  -  1,033  Photo and magazine archives  10  2,000  (2,000)  -  -  Customer list  10  1,180  (236)  -  944  Developed technology  3  2,300  (149)  -  2,151  Total  $  94,884  $  (8,365)  $  -  $  86,519   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  aggregate  amortization  expense  for  definite-lived  intangible  assets  was  $7.9  million,  $3.8  million  and  $0.7  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

As of December 31, 2022, expected amortization expense relating to definite-lived intangible assets for the next five years and thereafter is as follows (in thousands):

| 2023  $  2,074  2024  2,074  2025  2,074  2026  1,867  2027  1,826  Thereafter  10,352  Total  $  20,267   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Goodwill

Changes in the carrying value of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows (in thousands):

| Gross Goodwill  Impairments  Net Goodwill  Balance at December 31, 2020  $  504  $  -  $  504  Acquisition of TLA  16,374  -  16,374  Acquisition of Honey Birdette  223,381  -  223,381  Acquisition of GlowUp  32,603  -  32,603  Foreign currency translation adjustment  (2,285)  -  (2,285)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  270,577  $  -  $  270,577  Foreign currency translation adjustment in relation to Honey Birdette  (13,032)  -  (13,032)  Impairments  -  (134,328)  (134,328)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  257,545  $  (134,328)  $  123,217   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Includes the impairment charges on goodwill of $131.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. The offset relates to foreign currency translation.

Changes in the recorded carrying value of goodwill for the year ended December 31, 2022 by reportable segment were as follows (in thousands):

| Direct-to-Consumer  Licensing  Digital  Subscriptions and  Content  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  237,477  $  -  $  33,100  Foreign currency translation and other adjustments  (13,032)  -  -  Impairments  (134,328)  -  -  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  90,117  $  -  $  33,100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8. Other Current Liabilities and Accrued Expense

Other current liabilities and accrued expenses consist of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Accrued interest  $  2,096  $  1,476  Accrued agency fees and commissions  7,785  3,456  Outstanding gift cards and store credits  4,592  4,960  Inventory in transit  7,231  8,323  Taxes  5,552  5,654  Other  6,483  8,548  Total  $  33,739  $  32,417   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9. Debt

The following table sets forth debt (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Term loan, due 2027 (as refinanced and amended)  $  201,613  $  228,850  Airplane term loan, due 2026  -  8,569  Total debt  201,613  237,419  Less: unamortized debt issuance costs  (1,822)  (2,389)  Less: unamortized debt discount  (6,616)  (6,180)  Total debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs and debt discount  193,175  228,850  Less: current portion of long-term debt  (2,050)  (2,808)  Total debt, net of current portion  $  191,125  $  226,042   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Term Loan

## 2014 Term Loan

In June 2014, we borrowed $150.0 million under a four-and-one-half-year term loan maturing on December 31, 2018, at an effective rate of 7.0% from DBD Credit Funding LLC pursuant to a credit agreement (the 'Credit Agreement'). From 2016 to 2020, the term loan was amended multiple times to borrow an additional $12.0 million, increase the commitment amount, extend the maturity date to December 31, 2023, set up a debt reserve account and excess cash account, and to revise the quarterly principal payments and applicable margin rates, among other amendments. On May 25, 2021, the Credit Agreement was repaid in full and terminated upon completion of the refinancing described below.

## New Term Loan

In May 2021, we consummated the refinancing of the term loan facility (the 'Refinancing'), which was scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023. Pursuant to the Refinancing's new Credit and Guaranty Agreement (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, the 'New Credit Agreement') with Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and collateral agent, we obtained a new $160.0 million senior secured term loan (the 'New Term Loan'), which was fully funded at the closing of the Refinancing. In connection with the Refinancing, we were required to pay off the prior term loan facility with an outstanding principal balance of approximately $154.7 million, as well as certain fees and expenses in connection with such payoff. We financed the payoff of the prior facility with proceeds from the New Term Loan.

As a result of the Refinancing, we recognized a loss on the early extinguishment of debt of $1.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, due to $1.0 million of fees which were expensed as incurred in connection with the Refinancing, as well as the write-off of $0.2 million of unamortized debt discount and deferred financing fees as a result of such Refinancing.

The New Term Loan has a six year term and matures in May 25, 2027. The New Term Loan accrues interest at LIBOR plus 5.75%, with a LIBOR floor of 0.50% through November 2022 and a LIBOR floor of 4.76%, starting December 2022. The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the New Term Loan may subsequently be adjusted on periodic measurement dates provided for under the new credit agreement based on the type of loans borrowed by us and our total leverage ratio at such time. The New Term Loan required quarterly amortization payments of $0.6 million, commencing on September 30, 2021, with the balance becoming due at maturity. The stated interest rate of the New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 11.01% and 6.25%, respectively. The effective interest rate of the New Term Loan as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12.3% and 7.1%, respectively.

Our  obligations  pursuant  to  the  New  Credit  Agreement  are  guaranteed  by  the  Company  and  any  current  and  future  wholly-owned,  domestic subsidiaries of the Company, subject to certain exceptions. In connection with the New Credit Agreement, the Company and the other guarantor subsidiaries of the Company entered into a Pledge and Security Agreement with the collateral agent, pursuant to which we granted a senior security interest to the agent in substantially all of our assets (including the stock of certain of our subsidiaries) in order to secure our obligations under the New Credit Agreement.

In August 2021, in connection with the acquisition of Honey Birdette, the New Term Loan was amended to (a) obtain a $70.0 million incremental term loan for the purpose of funding the acquisition, thereby increasing the aggregate principal amount of term loan indebtedness outstanding under the New Credit Agreement to $230.0 million, and (b) amend the terms of the New Credit Agreement to, among other things, permit Honey Birdette and certain of its subsidiaries to guaranty the obligations under the New Credit Agreement. In connection with such amendment, $2.0 million of debt issuance costs were expensed as incurred, and $1.7 million of debt discount were capitalized.

In August 2022, we entered into the second amendment to the New Term Loan ('Second Amendment'), which, among other things: (i) requires the Company to maintain a minimum consolidated cash balance of $40 million, to be tested twice quarterly (with a 45-day cure period), subject to certain exceptions; (ii) requires that the Company's consolidated cash balance not fall below $25 million for more than five consecutive business days during any applicable  test  period  (with  a  15-day  cure  period  to  then  exceed  a  cash  balance  of  $40  million);  (iii)  increases  addbacks  to  the  determination  of  the Company's consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the New Credit Agreement); (iv) sets Total Net Leverage Ratios for Test Periods (as such terms are defined in the New Credit Agreement) ending June 30, 2022 through March 31, 2023 at 7.00 to 1.00, reducing quarterly thereafter at the step-downs specified in the New Credit Agreement to 4.50 to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024, in each case subject to up to $12.5 million of cash netting; (v) increases the per annum interest rates applicable to base rate loans to 4.75% or 5.25% and the per annum interest rates applicable to LIBOR loans to 5.75% or 6.25%, in each case plus  0.25%  per  0.50x  increase  above  prior  financial  covenant  levels  during  an  applicable  period  and  with  the  lower  rates  applying  when  the  Total  Net Leverage Ratio as of the applicable measurement date is 3.00 to 1.00 or less; (vi) allows the Company to prepay the loans under the New Credit Agreement at par and allow the Company and its investors to purchase such loans from the Lenders on a pro rata basis (subject to certain limitations set forth in the New Credit Agreement); and (vii) increases financial reporting to the Lenders and imposes certain limitations on the ability of the Company to incur further indebtedness or undertake certain transactions until the Company has significantly reduced certain leverage ratios set forth in the New Credit Agreement.

The cash balance requirements are subject to a dollar-for-dollar reduction for payments which reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loans under  the  New  Credit  Agreement,  and  such  requirements  and  limitations  on  the  Company's  ability  to  make  certain  restricted  payments  (including repurchases of its stock) terminate upon achieving a pro forma total leverage ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of less than 4.00 to 1.00. Two designees of the Lenders will also serve as observers of the Company's board of directors until the total leverage ratio is less than 4.00 to 1.00. In the event that the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement as of August 8, 2022 is not reduced by $10 million as of December 31, 2022, then the Company shall pay to the Lenders an additional amount equal to 0.50% of the outstanding principal amount of the loans under the New Credit Agreement as of December 31, 2022.

The cash balance requirements are subject to a dollar-for-dollar reduction for payments which reduce the outstanding principal amount of the loans under  the  New  Credit  Agreement,  and  were  so  reduced  by  the  Company's  repayment  of  $25  million  in  December  2022,  and  such  requirements  and limitations on the Company's ability to make certain restricted payments (including repurchases of its stock) terminate upon achieving a pro forma total leverage ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement) of less than 4.00 to 1.00.

In  connection  with  such  amendment,  $0.2  million  of  debt  issuance  costs  were  expensed  as  incurred,  and  $2.5  million  of  debt  discount  was capitalized.

On December 6, 2022, we entered into Amendment No. 3 to the New Term Loan (the 'Third Amendment'), which, among other things, provide for:  (i)  the  waiver  of  the  Total  Net  Leverage  Ratio  (as  defined  in  the  Third  Amendment)  covenant  for  the  fourth  quarter  of  2022;  (ii)  a  mandatory prepayment by the Company of $25 million on or before December 30, 2022; (iii) the ability of the Company to voluntarily prepay an additional $5 million by March 1, 2023 (the '23Q1 Payment') to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2023; (iv) the ability of the Company to prepay $50 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for all of 2023 and to adjust the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant levels in subsequent periods; (v) the ability of the Company to prepay an aggregate of $65 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to eliminate the lenders' board observer rights provided for under the credit agreement, to eliminate the Applicable Additional Margin (as defined in the Third Amendment), and to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the first quarter of 2024; (vi) the ability of the Company to prepay $75 million (inclusive of the prepayments described above) to waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant for the second quarter of 2024; (vii) the ability of the Company to prepay $115 million (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of $5 million) to entirely waive the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant; and (viii) a covenant by the Company to use 80% of any gross proceeds from its next common equity capital raise to prepay the debt under the Existing Credit Agreement up to an aggregate amount of $50 million, provided that, such cap may be reduced by any other voluntary prepayments after the date of the Third Amendment (exclusive of the 23Q1 Payment except to the extent such payment is in excess of $5 million). All prepayments described above reduce the Company's cash maintenance covenants under the Existing Credit Agreement on a dollar-for-dollar basis. The other terms of the Existing Credit Agreement were remained substantially unchanged from the Second Amendment. The Company recorded $1.1 million of loss on partial extinguishment of debt related to the mandatory prepayment made in the fourth quarter of 2022 pursuant to the Third Amendment. Quarterly amortization payments were decreased to $0.5 million, commencing on December 31, 2022, as a result of a $25 million prepayment made in December of 2022, with the balance still due at maturity.

On February 17, 2023, we entered into Amendment No. 4 to the New Credit Agreement (the 'Fourth Amendment'), which, among other things: (i) required that the mandatory prepayment of 80% of PLBY's equity offering proceeds apply only to PLBY's $50 million rights offering completed in February 2023 (thereby reducing the applicable prepayment cap to $40 million), (ii) required an additional $5 million prepayment by us as a condition to completing the Fourth Amendment, and (iii) reduced the prepayment threshold for waiving our Total Net Leverage Ratio financial covenant through June 30, 2024 to $70  million  (from  the  prior  $75  million  prepayment  threshold).  Such  $70  million  of  prepayments  has  been  achieved  by  the  Company  through  the combination of a $25 million prepayment in December 2022, the $40 million prepayment made in connection with the rights offering in February 2023, and the additional $5 million prepayment made at the completion of the Fourth Amendment.

As a result of the prepayments described above, we obtained a waiver of the Total Net Leverage Ratio covenant through the second quarter of 2024, eliminated the cash maintenance covenants, eliminated the lenders' board observer rights and eliminated applicable additional margin which had previously been provided for under the New Credit Agreement, as amended. The other terms of the New Credit Agreement otherwise remain substantially unchanged.

The terms of the  New Credit  Agreement  limit  or  prohibit,  among  other  things,  our  ability  to:  incur  liens,  incur  additional  indebtedness,  make investments, transfer, sell or acquire assets, pay dividends and change the business we conduct. Acquiom Agency Services LLC has a lien on all our assets as stated in the New Credit Agreement. The New Credit Agreement contains a financial covenant which requires the Company to maintain a maximum total gross  leverage  ratio  (calculated  as  a  ratio  of  consolidated  gross  funded  debt  to  consolidated  EBITDA,  as  defined  in  the  New  Credit  Agreement).  The Company was in  compliance  with  the  financial  covenants  under  the  New  Credit  Agreement  as  of  December  31,  2021.  Compliance  with  the  financial covenants as of December 31, 2022 was waived pursuant to the terms of the Third Amendment.

## Aircraft Term Loan

In May 2021, we borrowed $9.0 million under a five-year term loan maturing in May 2026 to fund the purchase of an aircraft (the 'Aircraft Term Loan'). The stated interest rate was 6.25% as of December 31, 2021. The Aircraft Term Loan required monthly amortization payments of approximately $0.1 million, commencing on July 1, 2021. We incurred $0.1 million of financing costs related to the Aircraft Term Loan, which were capitalized.

In September 2022, in connection with the sale of the Aircraft (see Note 6, Property and Equipment, Net), the Aircraft Term Loan was repaid in full and all related liens discharged. A loss on early extinguishment of debt, which was comprised of the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and a prepayment penalty, was $0.2 million.

Original issue discounts and deferred financing costs were incurred in connection with the issuance of our term loans. Costs incurred in connection with  debt  are  capitalized  and  offset  against  the  carrying  amount  of  the  related  indebtedness.  These  costs  are  amortized  over  the  term  of  the  related indebtedness and are included in 'interest expense' in the consolidated statements of operations. Amortization expense related to deferred financing costs was immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Interest expense related to our debt was $16.2 million, $13.3 million and $13.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

The following table sets forth maturities of the principal amount of our term loans as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands):

| 2023  $  2,050  2024  2,050  2025  2,050  2026  2,050  2027  193,413  Total  $  201,613   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Convertible Promissory Notes Creative Artists Agency-Global Brands Group LLP

In  August  2018,  a  convertible  promissory  note  was  issued  to  CAA  Brand  Management,  LLC  ('CAA')  for  $2.7  million  and  a  convertible promissory note was issued to GBG International Holding Company Limited ('GBG') for $7.3 million. These notes were noninterest bearing and were convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. The terms of these notes were subject to negotiation in December 2020, and in December 2020, we settled the outstanding GBG note at a 20% discount for $5.8 million, resulting in a gain from settlement of $1.5 million. In January 2021, the outstanding note with CAA was converted into 51,857 shares of Legacy Playboy's common stock, which was exchanged for 290,563 shares of our common stock upon the closing of the Business Combination in February 2021.

## Convertible Promissory Note United Talent Agency, LLC

In March 2018, we issued a convertible promissory note to United Talent Agency, LLC ('UTA') for $2.0 million. In June 2018, we issued a second convertible promissory note to UTA for $1.5 million. These notes were noninterest bearing and were to be convertible into shares of our common stock no later than October 31, 2020, which was extended to December 31, 2020. In January 2021, the settlement terms of the notes were amended to extend the term to the one-month anniversary of the termination or expiration of the Merger Agreement. In February 2021, the outstanding convertible notes with UTA were settled for $2.8 million resulting in a gain from settlement of $0.7 million.

## 10. Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest

On  April  13,  2015,  the  Company  sold  25%  of  the  membership  interest  in  its  subsidiary,  After  Dark  LLC,  to  an  unaffiliated  third  party  for $1.0 million. As part of the arrangement the Company granted a put right to this party which provides the right, but not the obligation, to the third party to cause the Company to purchase all of the third party's interest in After Dark LLC at the then fair market value. This put right can be exercised on April 13 of each year. Additionally, the put right can be exercised upon a change of control of the Company. To date, the put right has not been exercised, including in connection with the Business Combination. The Company's controlling interest in this subsidiary requires the operations of this subsidiary to be included in the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Noncontrolling  interest  with  redemption  features,  such  as  put  options,  that  are  not  solely  within  our  control (redeemable noncontrolling  interest)  are  reported  as  mezzanine  equity  on  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  between liabilities and equity. Net income or loss of After Dark LLC is allocated to its noncontrolling member interest based on the noncontrolling member interest's ownership percentage.

Additionally, the results of operations of the subsidiary that are not attributable to the Company are shown as 'Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest' in the consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. There was no change in the balance of the redeemable noncontrolling interest as After Dark LLC did not have any operating activities during 2022 and 2021.

## 11. Stockholders' Equity

## Common Stock

The holders of the Company's common stock have one vote for each share of common stock. Common stockholders are entitled to dividends when, as, and if declared by the Company's Board of Directors (the 'Board'). As of December 31, 2022, no dividends had been declared by the Board.

Common stock reserved for future issuance consisted of the following as of the dates shown:

| December 31,  2022  2021  Shares available for grant under equity incentive plans  492,786  1,150,838  Options issued and outstanding under equity incentive plans  2,599,264  3,211,071  Unvested restricted stock units  2,058,534  585,075  Vested restricted stock units not yet settled  11,761  2,136,650  Unvested performance-based restricted stock units  1,089,045  544,036  Vested performance-based restricted stock units not yet settled  -  1,331,031  Shares to be issued pursuant to a license, services and collaboration agreement  48,574  79,485  Maximum number of shares issuable to Glowup sellers pursuant to acquisition indemnity holdback  249,116  249,116  Total common stock reserved for future issuance  6,549,080  9,287,302   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Treasury Stock

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Legacy Playboy, Sponsor, and Dr. Suying Liu entered into the Insider Stock Purchase Agreement, pursuant to which Legacy Playboy purchased 700,000 shares of MCAC's common stock (the 'Initial Shares') from Sponsor. Subject to the satisfaction of conditions set forth under the Merger Agreement, Sponsor was obligated to transfer the Initial Shares to Legacy Playboy upon the closing of the Merger or, if the Merger Agreement was terminated, upon the consummation of any other business combination. As of December 31, 2020, Legacy Playboy had paid a nonrefundable $4.4 million prepayment, representing the purchase price of the 700,000 Initial Shares, at a price of $6.35 per share. In February 2021, the Initial Shares were transferred to us upon the closing of the Merger and reclassified from 'stock receivable' to 'treasury stock' as part of the recapitalization.

In  connection  with  our  recapitalization  that  occurred  with  the  consummation  of  the  Business  Combination,  we  eliminated  Legacy  Playboy's previously held treasury stock of 1,164,847 shares. We held 700,000 shares of treasury stock as of December 31, 2022.

In May 2022, the Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program (the '2022 Stock Repurchase Program'), pursuant to which up to $50 million of shares of Company common stock may be repurchased through May 31, 2024. As of the date of this report, no repurchases have been made under the 2022 Stock Repurchase Program.

## 12. Mandatorily Redeemable Preferred Stock

The Company has authorized 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.0001 per share. Of the 5,000,000 authorized preferred shares, 50,000 shares are designated as "Series A Preferred Stock". On May 16, 2022, we issued and sold 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to Drawbridge DSO Securities LLC (the 'Purchaser') at a price of $1,000 per share, resulting in total gross proceeds to us of $25.0 million. We incurred approximately $1.5 million of fees associated with the transaction, out of which $1.0 million was netted against the gross proceeds.

On August 8, 2022, the Company issued and sold the remaining 25,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock to the Purchaser at a price of $1,000 per share, resulting in additional gross proceeds to the Company of $25.0 million (the 'Second Drawdown'). The Company incurred approximately $0.5 million of fees associated with the Second Drawdown, which were netted against the gross proceeds. As a result of the transaction, all of the Company's authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding as of August 8, 2022.

Our Series A Preferred Stock liability, initially valued as of May 16, 2022 (the initial issuance date), and our subsequent Series A Preferred Stock liability, valued as of the August 8, 2022 (the final issuance date), were each calculated using a stochastic interest rate model implemented in a binomial lattice, in order to incorporate the various early redemption features. Such liabilities are subsequently remeasured to fair value for each reporting date using the  same  valuation  methodology  as  originally  applied  with  updated  input  assumptions.  We  recorded  $9.4  million  of  fair  value  change  in  nonoperating income as a result of remeasurement of the fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended December 31, 2022, out of which $2.6 million was a fair value remeasurement gain recorded upon issuance of the remaining Series A Preferred Stock on August 8, 2022. The fair value of our Series A Preferred Stock liability was $39.1 million, which includes $2.1 million of cumulative preferred dividends, as of December 31, 2022.

The Series A Preferred Stock ranks senior and in priority of payment to the Company's common stock with respect to distributions on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock has an initial liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (the 'Liquidation Preference'). Upon an involuntary  liquidation  event,  the  Liquidation  Preference  per  share  of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  will  be  the  sum  of  (i)  the  $1,000  (subject  to adjustments set forth in the Certificate of Designation), plus (ii) all accumulated and unpaid dividends thereon through, but not including, the date of such liquidation.

Holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative dividends, which are payable quarterly in arrears in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or any combination thereof, or by increasing the Liquidation Preference for each outstanding share of Series A Preferred Stock to the extent not so paid. Dividends accrue on each share of Series A Preferred Stock at the rate of 8.0% per annum from the date of issuance until the fifth anniversary of the date of issuance, and thereafter such rate will increase quarterly by 1.0%. Dividends were accumulated and not paid on the Series A Preferred Stock in 2022. The aggregate and per-share amounts of arrearages of such accumulated dividends as of December 31, 2022 were $2.1 million and $84.40, respectively.

At any time, the Company has the right, at its option, to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock, in whole or in part. The Company will also be required to redeem the Series A Preferred Stock in full on September 30, 2027, or upon certain changes of control of the Company, subject to the terms of the Certificate of Designation.

The redemption price will be equal to the initial Liquidation Preference of each share of Series A Preferred Stock to be redeemed multiplied by (i) if any applicable redemption date occurs on or prior to the first anniversary of the closing of a sale of the Series A Preferred Stock, 120%, (ii) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the first  anniversary  of  the  closing,  but  prior  to  or  on  the  second  anniversary  of  the  closing,  125%,  (iii)  if  any  applicable redemption date occurs after the second anniversary of the closing, but prior to or on the third anniversary of the closing, 130%, (iv) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the third anniversary of the closing, but prior to or on the fourth anniversary of the closing, 145%, and (v) if any applicable redemption date occurs after the fourth anniversary of the closing, 160%, plus, in each case, a pro rata portion of the increase in the value of the shares of common stock repurchased  with  the  proceeds  of  the  offering  of  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  as  of  the  applicable  redemption  date,  as  set  forth  in  the Certificate of Designation.

The redemption price will be payable in cash or, subject to certain limitations, in shares of common stock or any combination of cash and shares of common  stock,  at  the  Company's  election.  The  number  of  shares  potentially  issuable  in  connection  with  a  redemption  is  limited  by  applicable  stock exchange rules and ownership limitations set forth in the Certificate of Designation.

Holders  of  the  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  will  generally  not  be  entitled  to  vote  on  any  matter  required  or  permitted  to  be  voted  upon  by  the shareholders of the Company. However, certain matters will require the approval of the holders of not less than the majority of the aggregate Liquidation Preference  of  the  outstanding  Series  A  Preferred  Stock,  voting  as  a  separate  class,  including  (1)  the  incurrence  or  issuance  by  the  Company  of  certain indebtedness or shares of senior equity securities,  (2)  certain  restricted  payments  by  the  Company,  (3)  certain  consolidations,  amalgamations  or  merger transactions  involving  the  Company,  (4)  certain  amendments  to  the  organizational  documents  of  the  Company,  (5)  the  incurrence  of  indebtedness  or preferred equity securities by certain subsidiaries of the Company and (6) certain business activities of the Company.

## 13. Stock-Based Compensation

In June 2018, Legacy Playboy adopted its 2018 Equity Incentive Plan ('2018 Plan'), under which 6,287,687 of Legacy Playboy's common shares were originally reserved for issuance. Our employees, directors, officers, and consultants are eligible to receive nonqualified and incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, and other share awards under the 2018 Plan. All stock options and restricted stock unit awards granted under the 2018 Plan in 2019 and 2020 that were outstanding immediately prior to the consummation of the Business Combination were accelerated and fully vested (other than the Pre-Closing Option), and subsequently converted into options to purchase or the right to receive shares of our common stock as described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies. The impact of the acceleration of the vesting of 829,547 stock options and 288,494 restricted stock unit awards was an expense of $3.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021.

On  February  9,  2021,  our  stockholders  approved  our  2021  Equity  and  Incentive  Compensation  Plan,  which  became  effective  following consummation of the Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022, 5,954,208 shares were authorized for issuance under the 2021 Plan. In addition, the shares authorized for the 2021 Plan may be increased on an annual basis via an evergreen refresh mechanism for a period of up to 10 years, beginning with the fiscal year that begins January 1, 2022, in an amount equal up to 4% of the outstanding shares of common stock on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. Following the effectiveness of the 2021 Plan, no further awards will be granted under the 2018 Plan, but the 2018 Plan will remain outstanding and continue to govern outstanding awards granted thereunder.

## Stock Option Activity

Stock option activity under our 2018 and 2021 Plans in 2022 was as follows:

| Number of  options  Weighted-  average  exercise price  Weighted-  average  remaining  contractual  term (years)  Aggregate  intrinsic  value  (in thousands)  Balance - December 31, 2021  3,211,071  $  7.77  7.9  $  60,978  Granted  -  -  -  -  Exercised  (495,052)  3.89  -  $  4,028  Forfeited and cancelled  (116,755)  9.83  -  -  Balance - December 31, 2022  2,599,264  $  8.41  7.2  $  -  Exercisable - December 31, 2022  2,112,161  $  7.02  6.9  $  -  Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022  2,599,264  $  8.41  7.2  $  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of all outstanding and exercisable stock options and the fair value of the Company's common stock at December 31, 2022.

The grant date fair value of options that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $4.4 million, $2.1 million and $1.1 million,  respectively.  There  were  no  stock  options  granted  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022.  The  options  granted  during  the  years  ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 had a weighted-average fair value of $6.18 and $3.22 per share, respectively, at the grant date. Cash received by the Company from  the  exercise  of  options  granted  under  share-based  compensation  arrangements  was  $1.9  million,  $2.3  million  and  $0  in  2022,  2021  and  2020, respectively. The total tax benefit realized from option exercises was $0.6 million, $3.1 million and $0 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Restricted Stock Units

A summary of restricted stock unit activity under our 2018 and 2021 Plans in 2022 was as follows:

| Number of  awards  Weighted-  average grant  date fair value  per share  Unvested and outstanding balance at December 31, 2021  585,075  $  28.15  Granted  2,050,254  10.55  Vested  (343,891)  21.42  Forfeited  (232,904)  19.00  Unvested and outstanding balance at December 31, 2022  2,058,534  $  12.79   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total fair value of restricted stock units that vested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was approximately $3.6 million, $4.0 million and $1.9 million, respectively. We had 11,761 outstanding and fully vested restricted stock units remained unsettled at December 31, 2022, all of which are expected to be resolved in 2023. As such, they are excluded from outstanding shares of common stock but are included in weighted-average shares outstanding for the calculation of basic net loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2022. The total tax benefit realized from restricted stock units vested was $0.4 million in 2022, and $0 in 2021 and 2020.

## Performance Stock Units

Our performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") vest upon achieving each of certain Company stock price milestones during the contractual vesting period. The stock price milestones vary among grantees and are set forth in each grantee's PSU grant agreement (for example, achievement of each of the following 30-day volume-weighted average prices for a share of Company common stock: $20, $30, $40 and $50). The vesting of PSUs is subject to each grantee's continued service to the Company.

To determine the value of PSUs for stock-based compensation purposes, the Company uses the Monte Carlo simulation valuation model. For each path, the PSUs payoff is calculated based on the contractual terms, whereas the fair value of the PSUs is calculated as the average present value of all modeled payoffs. The determination of the grant date fair value of PSUs issued is affected by a number of variables and subjective assumptions, including (i) the fair value of the Company's common stock of $9.83, (ii) the expected common stock price volatility over the expected life of the award of 55%, (iii) the term of the award of 7 years, (iv) risk-free interest rate of 2.9%, (v) the exercise price as described above, and (vi) the expected dividend yield of 0%. Forfeitures are recognized when they occur. The total tax impact realized from performance stock units vested was $1.0 million of expense in 2022 and a $0.5  million  benefit  in  2021.  The  Company  used  the  same  model  to  calculate  the  derived  service  period  for  each  tranche  of  performance-based  stock corresponding to each stock price threshold, resulting in a weighted average derived service period of 3.8 years and 1.88 years for the 2022 and 2021 grants, respectively.  For  milestones  that  have  not  been  achieved,  such  PSUs  vest  over  the  derived  requisite  service  period  and  the  fair  value  of  such  awards  is estimated on the grant date using Monte Carlo simulations.

A summary of performance stock unit activity under our 2021 Plan in 2022 was as follows:

| Number of  awards  Weighted-  average grant  date fair value  per share  Unvested and outstanding balance at December 31, 2021  544,036  $  20.49  Granted  571,419  5.68  Vested  -  -  Forfeited  (26,410)  20.49  Unvested and outstanding balance at December 31, 2022  1,089,045  $  12.72   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There were no performance-based restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2022. The total fair value of performancebased restricted stock units that vested during the year ended December 31, 2021 was approximately $45.8 million.

## Stock Options Granted

To determine the value of stock option awards for stock-based compensation purposes, the Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and the assumptions discussed below. Each of these inputs is subjective and generally requires significant judgment.

Fair  value  of  common  stock  Prior  to  the  Business  Combination,  the  fair  value  of  our  shares  of  common  stock  underlying  the  awards  has historically been determined by the Board of Directors with input from management and contemporaneous third-party valuations, as there was no public market for our common stock. The Board of Directors determined the fair value of the common stock by considering a number of objective and subjective factors including: the valuation of comparable companies, our operating and financial performance, the lack of liquidity of our common stock, transactions in our common stock, and general and industry specific economic outlook, among other factors. Subsequent to the Business Combination, the fair value of our common stock is based on the quoted price of our common stock.

Expected term - For employee awards granted at-the-money, we estimate the expected term based on the simplified method, which is the midpoint between  the  vesting  date  and  the  end  of  the  contractual  term  for  each  award  since  our  historical  share  option  exercise  experience  does  not  provide  a reasonable basis upon which to estimate the expected term. For nonemployee awards and employee awards granted out-of-the-money, our best estimate of the expected term is the contractual term of the award.

Volatility - We derive the volatility from the average historical stock volatilities of several peer public companies over a period equivalent to the expected term of the awards as we do not have sufficient historical trading history for our stock. We selected companies with comparable characteristics to us, including enterprise value, risk profiles, and position within the industry and with historical share price information sufficient to meet the expected term of the stock options. We will continue to apply this process until a sufficient amount of historical information regarding the volatility of our own stock price becomes available.

Risk-free interest rate - The risk-free interest rate is based on the United States Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant, the term of which is consistent with the expected life of the award.

Dividend yield - We have never paid dividends on our common stock and have no plans to pay dividends on our common stock. Therefore, we used an expected dividend yield of zero.

For options granted during the applicable period, we estimated the fair value of each option on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model applying the weighted-average assumptions in the following table:

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  Fair value of common stock  $4.63 - $28.08  $5.02 - $8.69  Expected term, in years  5.49- 5.86  5 - 6.06  Expected volatility  45% - 47%  40% - 50%  Risk-free interest rate  0.57% - 1.27%  0.39% - 1.46%  Expected dividend yield  0%  0%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Stock-Based Compensation Expense

Stock-based compensation expense under our Plans was as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cost of sales  $  2,663  $  1,955  $  10  Selling and administrative expenses  17,877  56,491  2,978  Total  $  20,540  $  58,446  $  2,988  (1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cost of sales includes $2.1 million, $1.5 million and $0 of stock-based compensation expense associated with equity awards granted to an independent contractor for services pursuant to the terms of a license, services and collaboration agreement for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (1)

The expense presented in the table above is net of capitalized stock-based compensation relating to software development costs of $2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2022.

At December 31, 2022, total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock option awards was $2.9 million and is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average service period of 1.27 years. Unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested performance-based stock units and restricted stock units was $26.6 million and is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average service period of 2.18 years.

## 14. Commitments and Contingencies

## Leases

Our principal lease commitments are for office, retail store and warehouse spaces under noncancelable operating leases with contractual terms expiring from 2023 to 2033. Some of these leases contain renewal options and rent escalations.

We had $1.7 million and $2.0 million in cash collateralized letters of credit related to our corporate headquarters lease as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

We sublease a part of our New York office space for a period approximating the remaining term of our lease. Our New York office lease expires in 2024.

Pursuant to the acquisition of TLA, as disclosed in Note 17, Business Combinations, we had 40 retail stores, one office and one warehouse space as of December 31, 2022, which TLA leases and operates in Washington, Oregon, California, Texas and Tennessee for the purpose of selling its products to customers. The majority of the leases are triple net leases, for which TLA, as a lessee, is responsible for paying rent as well as common area maintenance, insurance and taxes. Lease terms run between two and 10 years in length, with the average lease term being approximately five years and in many cases include renewal options.

Pursuant to the acquisition of Honey Birdette, as disclosed in Note 17, Business Combinations, we had 61 retail stores and two office spaces as of December 31, 2022, which Honey Birdette leases and operates in Australia, the United States and the United Kingdom for the purpose of selling its products to customers. The majority of the leases are triple net leases, for which Honey Birdette, as a lessee, is responsible for paying rent as well as common area maintenance, insurance and taxes. Lease terms run between two and 10 years in length, with the average lease term being approximately five years and in many cases include renewal options.

Lease cost associated with operating leases is charged to expense in the year incurred and is included in our consolidated statements of operations. For the year ended December 31, 2020, lease cost charged to selling, general and administrative expense was $3.1 million. Lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is included in the table below. Lease cost charged to cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was immaterial. Most of our leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that generally can extend the lease term for an additional four to five years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. The extension period has not been included in the determination of the right of use asset or the lease liability, as we concluded that it is not reasonably certain that we would exercise such option.

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the weighted average remaining term of these operating leases was 5.4 years and the weighted average discount rate used to estimate the net present value of the operating lease liabilities was 6.0% and 4.9%, respectively. Cash payments for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities were $13.8 million and $7.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Right of use assets  obtained  in  exchange  for  new  operating  lease  liabilities  were  $12.0  million  and  $3.0  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022  and  2021, respectively.

Net lease cost recognized in our consolidated statements of operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is summarized as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Operating lease cost  $  11,738  $  9,099  Variable lease cost  2,381  1,370  Short-term lease cost  1,948  674  Sublease income  (259)  (368)  Net lease cost  $  15,808  $  10,775   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Maturities of our operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 are as follows (in thousands):

| Years ending December 31:  Amounts  2023  $  12,578  2024  11,130  2025  9,386  2026  8,669  2027  5,898  Thereafter  8,453  Total undiscounted lease payments  56,114  Less: imputed interest  (9,459)  Total operating lease liabilities  $  46,655  Operating lease liabilities, current portion  $  9,977  Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent portion  $  36,678   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth the future minimum lease commitments and future sublease income as of December 31, 2020, under operating leases with initial or remaining noncancelable terms in excess of one year prior to the adoption of ASC 842 on January 1, 2021 (in thousands):

| Minimum  Lease  Commitments  Sublease  Income  2021  $  3,433  $  (288)  2022  3,451  (313)  2023  3,564  (322)  2024  3,828  (246)  2025  3,588  -  Thereafter  7,553  -  Total  $  25,417  $  (1,169)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Legal Contingencies

From time to time, we may have certain contingent liabilities that arise in the ordinary course of our business activities. We accrue a liability for such matters when it is probable that future expenditures will be made and that such expenditures can be reasonably estimated. Significant judgment is required to determine both probability and the estimated amount.

## AVS Case

In March 2020, our subsidiary Playboy Enterprises International, Inc. (together with its subsidiaries, 'PEII') terminated its license agreement with a licensee,  A VS  Products,  LLC  ('AVS'),  for  A VS's  failure  to  make  required  payments  to  PEII  under  the  agreement,  following  notice  of  breach  and  an opportunity to cure. On February 6, 2021, PEII received a letter from counsel to AVS alleging that the termination of the contract was improper, and that PEII failed to meet its contractual obligations, preventing AVS from fulfilling its obligations under the license agreement.

On February 25, 2021, PEII brought suit against AVS in Los Angeles Superior Court to prevent further unauthorized sales of PLAYBOY branded products and for disgorgement of unlawfully obtained funds. On March 1, 2021, PEII also brought a claim in arbitration against AVS for outstanding and unpaid license fees. PEII and AVS subsequently agreed that the claims PEII brought in arbitration would be alleged in the Los Angeles Superior Court case instead, and on April 23, 2021, the parties entered into and filed a stipulation to that effect with the court. On May 18, 2021, A VS filed a demurrer, asking for the court to remove an individual defendant and dismiss PEII's request for a permanent injunction. On June 10, 2021, the court denied AVS's demurrer. AVS filed an opposition to PEII's motion for a preliminary injunction to enjoin AVS from continuing to sell or market PLAYBOY branded products on July 2, 2021, which the court denied on July 28, 2021.

On August 10, 2021, AVS filed a cross-complaint for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, quantum meruit  and  declaratory  relief.  As  in  its  February  2021  letter,  A VS  alleges  its  license  was  wrongfully  terminated  and  that  PEII  failed  to  approve  A VS' marketing efforts in a manner that was either timely or that was commensurate with industry practice. AVS is seeking to be excused from having to perform its obligations as a licensee, payment of the value for services rendered by AVS to PEII outside of the license, and damages to be proven at trial. We filed a motion for summary judgment, which is scheduled to be heard by the court on May 19, 2023. Trial is set for January 22, 2024. The parties are currently engaged in discovery. We believe AVS' claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously.

## TNR Case

On December 17, 2021, Thai Nippon Rubber Industry Public Limited Company, a manufacturer of condoms and lubricants and a publicly traded Thailand company ('TNR'), filed a complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against Playboy and its subsidiary Products Licensing, LLC. TNR alleges a variety of claims relating to Playboy's termination of a license agreement with TNR and the business relationship between Playboy and TNR prior to such termination. TNR alleges, among other things, breach of contract, unfair competition, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and interference with contractual and business relations due to Playboy's conduct. TNR is seeking over $100 million in damages arising from the loss of expected profits, declines in the value of TNR's business, unsalable inventory and investment losses. After Playboy indicated it would move to dismiss the complaint, TNR received two extensions of time from the court to file an amended complaint. TNR filed its amended complaint on March 16, 2022. On April 25, 2022, Playboy filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. That motion was partially granted, and the court dismissed TNR's claims under California franchise laws without leave to amend. The parties participated in a court-ordered mediation on February 3, 2023, which did not result  in  any  settlement  or  resolution  of  the  remaining  claims  asserted  by  TNR  against  Playboy.  A  trial  date  has  been  set  for  September  26,  2023.  We believes TNR's claims and allegations are without merit, and we will defend this matter vigorously.

## Indian Harbor Case

On October 15, 2018, Playboy Enterprises, Inc. ('Playboy') filed a lawsuit in Los Angeles Superior Court (the 'Court') against its insurer, Indian Harbor Insurance Company ('Indian Harbor'), captioned Playboy Enterprises, Inc. v. Indian Harbor Insurance Company, for breach of contract and breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and seeking declaratory relief, after Indian Harbor threatened to sue Playboy on an alleged theory of lack of coverage after Indian Harbor paid approximately $4.8 million towards the settlement of claims against Playboy made by Elliot Friedman. Among other things, we are seeking declaratory relief that the underlying claims asserted against Playboy are covered claims under Playboy's insurance policies with Indian Harbor. On December 14, 2018, Indian Harbor filed its answer to the complaint and filed counterclaims against Playboy for declaratory relief that it has no obligation to provide coverage for the underlying claims and that it is entitled to recoup the amounts it paid in the settlement, with interest. Indian Harbor filed a motion for summary judgment, seeking, among other things, summary adjudication that (1) the insurance policy does not provide coverage because the underlying claim was allegedly first made before the policy period of the policy and (2) that Indian Harbor does not have to provide coverage because Playboy allegedly failed to provide timely notice of the claim. On September 9, 2020, the Court denied Indian Harbor's motion, in part, ruling as a matter of law that Playboy had properly reported the underlying claim under the correct policy; but granted the motion as to Playboy's breach of contract and bad faith claims because Indian Harbor ultimately funded the settlement. Based on the summary judgment ruling, the parties agreed to enter into a stipulated judgment in Playboy's favor to advance the issues for appeal, with Indian Harbor intending to appeal the Court's decision as to when the underlying claim was first made. The Court entered the parties' stipulated judgment on July 26, 2021. On October 15, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its notice of appeal. On December 13, 2021, Indian Harbor filed its opening appellate brief, and we filed our response on April 14, 2022. Indian Harbor filed its reply brief on July 1, 2022.  The  parties  presented  oral  arguments  in  front  of  the  appellate  court  on  September  21,  2022.  On  October  4,  2022,  the  California  appellate  court affirmed the Court's ruling, dismissing Indian Harbor's claims against Playboy. As such ruling was not appealed, this case was finally resolved in Playboy's favor.

## Dream Case

On December 7, 2021, Steve Shaw, a former consultant to GlowUp Digital, Inc. (a/k/a 'Dream' and subsequently renamed Centerfold Digital Inc.), the company acquired by a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, brought suit in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, against Michael Dow and Michael Berman (the principals of Dream), Centerfold Digital Inc. and Playboy. Mr. Shaw alleged a variety of claims, based upon an  alleged  (unsigned)  agreement  with  Dream  that  Mr.  Shaw  was  to  be  granted  up  to  20%  of  the  equity  of  Dream  (valued  at  $6  million  based  on  the $30 million purchase price in the agreement for the Company's acquisition of Dream). Subsequent to such alleged agreement and prior to the Company's acquisition  of  Dream,  Dream  and  Mr.  Shaw  entered  into  a  standard  mutual  release  agreement  pursuant  to  which  Mr.  Shaw  released  any  claims  against Dream,  including  any  rights  to  equity  in  Dream,  in  exchange  for  a  monetary  payment.  Mr.  Shaw  alleged,  among  other  things,  breach  of  contract, misrepresentation  and  fraud  in  connection  with  his  alleged  agreement  with  Dream  and  the  circumstances  under  which  he  entered  into  the  release.  On February  7,  2022,  the  defendants  filed  a  motion  to  compel  arbitration  of  this  matter  pursuant  to  the  arbitration  provision  in  the  release  agreement.  At plaintiff's  request,  the  court  dismissed  the  state  court  case  on  March  4,  2022,  without  prejudice.  It  is  possible  that  the  plaintiff  may  re-file  his  case  in arbitration, but, to the Company's knowledge, he has not yet done so. Playboy believes Mr. Shaw's claims and allegations are without merit, and Playboy will defend itself vigorously in this matter if it is resumed.

We may periodically be involved in other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. These matters are not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

## COVID-19

In  March  2020,  COVID-19  was  declared  a  pandemic  by  the  World  Health  Organization.  Since  that  time,  we  have  focused  on  protecting  our employees, customers and vendors to minimize potential disruptions while managing through this pandemic. Nonetheless, the COVID-19 pandemic has continued  to  disrupt  and  delay  global  supply  chains,  affect  production  and  sales  across  a  range  of  industries  and  result  in  legal  restrictions  requiring businesses to close and consumers to stay at home for days-to-months at a time. Such impacts affected China in particular in 2022, as quarantine restrictions and business closures slowed the Chinese economy, causing manufacturing and shipping delays and reducing retail sales. As a result of such disruptions, licensing revenues from certain gaming and retail licensees, including our Chinese licensees, declined in 2022, as compared to prior periods. However, as of the  date  of  this  Annual  Report,  our  business  as  a  whole  has  not  suffered  any  material  adverse  consequences  to  date  directly  related  to  the  COVID-19 pandemic. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our future operational and financial performance will depend on certain developments, including the further duration and spread of the outbreak and its impact on employees and vendors, all of which are uncertain and cannot be predicted. As of the date of these consolidated financial statements, the full extent to which COVID-19 may impact our future financial condition or results of operations is uncertain.

## 15. Income Taxes

The following table sets forth the domestic and foreign components of income (loss) before income taxes (in thousands):

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  US  $  (169,164)  $  (73,385)  $  1,801  Foreign  (166,599)  (7,070)  -  Total  $  (335,763)  $  (80,455)  $  1,801   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth income tax benefit (expense) (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Current expense from income taxes:  Federal  $  (296)  $  -  $  -  State  (573)  (219)  (237)  Foreign  (5,284)  (3,843)  (4,422)  Total current expense from income taxes  (6,153)  (4,062)  (4,659)  Deferred benefit (expense) from income taxes:  Federal  44,410  6,616  567  State  3,763  (2,088)  (2,980)  Foreign  16,039  2,313  -  Total deferred benefit (expense) from income taxes  64,212  6,841  (2,413)  Total  $  58,059  $  2,779  $  (7,072)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table sets forth a reconciliation from the U.S. statutory federal income tax rate to the effective income tax rate:

| Year ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Federal income tax rate  21.0 %  21.0 %  21.0 %  State income tax, net of federal benefit  1.2  (2.4)  10.1  Foreign withholding taxes, net of credits  (1.3)  (3.2)  189.9  Transaction costs  -  (2.4)  29.5  Change in the statutory rate  0.1  (1.8)  96.3  Change in valuation allowance  (0.7)  4.6  (80.8)  Equity compensation  (0.2)  (9.3)  -  Foreign rate differential  1.4  0.8  -  Adjustment to deferred taxes  0.4  (3.0)  125.4  Impairments  (7.2)  -  -  Contingent Consideration  1.7  -  -  Other  0.9  (1.0)  1.3  Effective rate  17.3 %  3.5 %  392.7 %  (1)  (2)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Foreign withholding taxes, net of credits relate to foreign tax withholding on royalties received from various foreign jurisdictions. (1)

The 2022 and 2021 equity compensation adjustments are mainly related to the windfall tax deductions reduced by the officer compensation limitations. (2)

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act ("IRA") was signed into law in the United States and includes a 15% book minimum tax on corporations with financial accounting profits over $1 billion and a 1% excise tax on certain stock buybacks. The IRA also contains numerous clean energy tax incentives related to electricity production, carbon sequestration, alternative vehicles and fuels, and residential and commercial energy efficiency. The IRA did not have any material impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022.

On June 29, 2020, Assembly Bill 85 ('A.B. 85') was signed into California law. A.B. 85 provides for a three-year suspension of the use of net operating losses for medium and large businesses and a three-year cap on the use of business incentive tax credits to offset no more than $5.0 million of tax per year. A.B. 85 suspends the use of net operating losses for taxable years 2022, 2023 and 2024 for certain taxpayers with taxable income of $1.0 million or more.  The  carryover  period  for  any  net  operating  losses  that  are  suspended  under  this  provision  will  be  extended.  A.B.  85  also  requires  that  business incentive  tax  credits  including  carryovers  may  not  reduce  the  applicable  tax  by  more  than  $5.0  million  for  taxable  years  2022,  2023  and  2024.  Due  to A.B.85, the Company is not able to offset its California taxable income with its net operating losses during these years.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had an immaterial amount of unremitted earnings related to certain foreign subsidiaries. The Company intends to continue to reinvest its foreign earnings indefinitely and does not expect to incur any significant United States taxes related to such amounts.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse.

The following table sets forth the significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Deferred tax assets:  Net operating loss carryforwards  $  71,699  $  48,368  Tax credit carryforwards  -  -  Deferred revenue  2,253  1,951  Stock compensation  2,791  3,284  Investment in partnership  5,669  11,409  Fixed Assets  14  -  Lease liabilities  10,569  4,417  Other deductible temporary differences  7,213  6,587  Total deferred tax assets  100,208  76,016  Less valuation allowance  (65,967)  (63,712)  Deferred tax assets, net  $  34,241  $  12,304  Deferred tax liabilities:  Fixed assets  $  -  $  (521)  Intangible assets  (49,951)  (99,676)  Right of use assets  (9,238)  (3,305)  Other deductible temporary differences  (345)  (10)  Total deferred tax liabilities  (59,534)  (103,512)  Deferred tax liabilities, net  $  (25,293)  $  (91,208)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The realization  of  deferred  income  tax  assets  may  be  dependent  on  the  Company's  ability  to  generate  sufficient  income  in  future  years  in  the associated jurisdiction to which the deferred tax assets relate. The Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred income tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and recent financial performance. Based on the review of all positive and negative evidence, including a three-year cumulative pre-tax loss, the Company concluded that except for the deferred tax liability recorded on certain indefinite life intangibles, it should record a full valuation allowance against all other net deferred income tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 as none of these deferred income tax assets were more likely than not to be realized as of the balance sheet dates. However, the amount of the deferred income tax assets considered realizable may be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present. Based on the level of historical operating results the Company has recorded a valuation allowance of $66.0 million and $63.7 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,  the  Company's  valuation  allowance  increased  by  $2.3  million  and  decreased  by  $3.7  million,  respectively,  mainly  driven  by  certain  stock compensation deferred tax assets due to the officers' compensation limitation, and the expiration of state NOLs.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company had U.S. federal and state NOL carryforwards of $298.0 million and $109.0 million, respectively, available to  offset  taxable  income  in  tax  year  2022  and  thereafter.  Of  the  $298.0  million  in  federal  NOL  carryforwards,  $116.0  million  can  be  carried  forward indefinitely, and the remaining NOL carryforwards start to expire in 2028. Of the $109.0 million in state NOL carryforwards, $5.0 million can be carried forward  indefinitely  and  the  remaining  start  to  expire  in  2022.  The  Company  also  had  Australian  NOLs  of  $5.7  million  that  can  be  carried  forward indefinitely.

Tax laws impose restrictions on the utilization of NOL carryforwards and research and development credit carryforwards in the event of a change in ownership of the Company as defined by Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383. The Company has experienced ownership changes in the past that impact the availability of its net operating losses and tax credits. Should there be additional ownership changes in the future, the Company's ability to utilize existing carryforwards could be substantially restricted.

A summary of changes to the amount of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Balance at the beginning of the year  $  751  $  610  Increase (decrease) for positions taken in the prior year  -  -  Increase (decrease) for positions taken in the current year  -  141  Decrease related to settlements with taxing authorities  -  -  Decrease from lapse in statute of limitations  -  -  Balance at the end of the year  $  751  $  751   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company records a tax benefit from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained with the taxing authority having full knowledge of all relevant information. The Company records a reduction to deferred tax assets for unrecognized tax benefits from uncertain tax positions as discrete tax adjustments in the first period that the more-likely-than-not threshold is not met. For the year ended December 31, 2022,  the  Company  recorded  unrecognized  tax  benefits  of  $0.8  million.  All  unrecognized  tax  benefits  are  related  to  foreign  withholding  taxes  on  the Company's licensing revenue.

The reversal of the uncertain tax benefits would affect the effective tax rate. The Company has not incurred any material interest or penalties as of the current reporting period with respect to income tax matters. The Company's policy is to recognize interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. We estimate that none of the unrecognized tax benefits will be recognized over the next 12 months. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,  there  were  no  material  interest  and  penalties  associated  with  unrecognized  tax  benefits  recorded  in  the  Company's  consolidated  statements  of operations or consolidated balance sheets.

The  Company  is  subject  to  examinations  by  taxing  authorities  for  income  tax  returns  filed  in  the  U.S.  federal  and  states  as  well  as  foreign jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to income tax examination by the U.S. federal, state or local tax authorities for years ended December 31, 2017  or  prior;  however,  its  tax  attributes,  such  as  NOL  carryforwards,  are  still  subject  to  examination  in  the  year  they  are  used.  In  our  foreign  tax jurisdictions, the statute of limitation for tax years after 2016 remain open for examinations in Australia, and for tax years after 2020 in the UK.

## 16. Net Loss Per Share

The following table presents the reconciliation of weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net loss attributable to PLBY Group Inc.  $  (277,704)  $  (77,676)  $  (5,271)  Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding  47,420,376  37,818,301  22,199,591  Vested restricted stock units not issued  -  287,435  -  Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted  47,420,376  38,105,736  22,199,591  Net loss per share basic and diluted  $  (5.86)  $  (2.04)  $  (0.24)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following outstanding potentially dilutive shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share due to their anti-dilutive effect:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Stock options to purchase common stock  2,599,264  3,211,071  2,594,597  Unvested restricted stock units  2,058,534  585,075  313,976  Unvested performance-based restricted stock units  1,089,045  544,036  -  Convertible promissory notes  -  -  684,615  Total  5,746,843  4,340,182  3,593,188   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Business Combinations

## Acquisition of TLA Acquisition Corp.

On March 1, 2021, we acquired 100% of the equity of TLA Acquisition Corp. ('TLA') for cash consideration of $24.9 million. TLA is the parent company of the Lovers family of stores, a leading omnichannel online and brick-and-mortar sexual wellness chain, with 40 stores in five states. The primary drivers for the acquisition were to leverage TLA's brick-and-mortar presence, e-commerce capabilities, attractive brand positioning and customer database.

The following table sets forth the final allocation of the purchase price for TLA to the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from TLA (in thousands):

| Tangible net assets and liabilities:  Inventory  $  7,614  Property and equipment  1,665  Accounts payable  (1,319)  Other net assets  (3,518)  Total net assets  4,442  Intangible assets:  Trade name  4,100  Total intangible assets  4,100  Net assets acquired  8,542  Purchase consideration  24,916  Goodwill  $  16,374   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was determined by our management. TLA's inventory consists of merchandise finished goods and its fair value was measured as net realizable value, or the selling price of the inventory less costs of disposal and a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. Trade name consists of the TLA trade name/domain and its fair value was estimated using a relief-from-royalty method. The useful life of the TLA trade name was estimated to be ten years. Unfavorable leasehold interest is due to the fair values of acquired lease contracts having contractual rents higher than fair market rents. This liability will be wound down as an offset to rent expense over a four-year period, which is the average remaining contractual life of the acquired leases. The unfavorable leasehold interest liability is included in the other net assets amount in the table above.

The  total  acquisition  consideration  was  greater  than  the  fair  value  of  the  net  assets  acquired  resulting  in  the  recognition  of  goodwill  of $16.4  million.  The  factors  that  make  up  the  goodwill  amount  primarily  pertain  to  the  value  of  the  expected  synergies  resulting  in  strengthening  and expansion of our e-commerce and brick-and-mortar market positions. Although this TLA acquisition does not give rise to any new tax deductible goodwill, TLA has tax deductible goodwill of $19.0 million from a previous acquisition.

TLA's operating results were consolidated with ours beginning on March 1, 2021. Therefore, the consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same periods in 2021 and 2020. TLA's results of operations included in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 are presented in the table below (in thousands):

| Net revenues  $  44,739  Costs and expenses  Cost of sales  (19,122)  Selling and administrative expenses  (22,737)  Total costs and expenses  (41,859)  Operating income  2,880  Nonoperating income  5  Income taxes expense  (24)  Net income  $  2,861   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited)

The following table summarizes certain of our supplemental pro forma financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as if the acquisition of TLA had occurred as of January 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 reflects  (i)  the  reduction  in  amortization  expense  based  on  fair  value  adjustments  to  the  intangible  assets  acquired  from  TLA;  (ii)  the  reduction  in  rent expense due to the amortization of unfavorable leasehold interest acquired from TLA; and (iii) the reversal of interest expense on TLA's debt that was settled on the acquisition date. For the year ended December 31, 2021, transaction costs incurred by us and TLA were $0.9 million and $0.7 million, respectively. The unaudited pro forma financial information is for comparative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what would have occurred had the acquisition been made at that date or of results which may occur in the future (in thousands).

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  As Reported  Pro Forma  As Reported  Pro Forma  Net revenues  $  246,586  $  255,435  $  147,662  $  186,612  Net loss  $  (77,676)  $  (76,264)  $  (5,271)  $  (12,717)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisition of Honey Birdette

On June 28, 2021, we entered into a Share Purchase Agreement to acquire Honey Birdette, a company organized under the laws of Australia. Pursuant to the SPA, on August 9, 2021, we acquired all of the capital stock of Honey Birdette. Aggregate consideration for the acquisition consisted of approximately $233.4 million in cash and 2,155,849 shares of our common stock. The Closing Date per share price of our common stock of $26.57 resulted in total consideration transferred of $288.8 million. As a result of the transaction, Honey Birdette became our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary.

On August 19, 2021, an additional 4,412 shares of Company common stock were issued to the Honey Birdette sellers pursuant to the terms of the FY21 true-up under the SPA.

Honey Birdette, with 61 stores as of December 31, 2022 across three continents, expands our brand portfolio with a new high-end franchise, and provides us with product design, sourcing and direct-to-consumer capabilities that we believe can be leveraged to accelerate the growth of our core apparel and sexual wellness businesses.

The following table presents the fair value of the consideration transferred in the acquisition of Honey Birdette (in thousands) at the closing of the acquisition. The amounts initially reported in Australian dollars, were translated into U.S. dollars using an exchange rate of $0.7356 as of the Closing Date.

| Cash consideration  $  233,441  Stock consideration:  Transferred shares  29,889  Lock-up shares  25,460  Total consideration transferred  $  288,790  (1)  (2)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The fair value of approximately 1,124,919 shares of common stock of the Company transferred to the sellers based on a price of $26.57 per share at closing. (1)

The fair value of approximately 1,030,930 shares of common stock of the Company issued and held at the Company's transfer agent account based on a price of $26.57 per share at closing, and true-up adjustments representing a fair value of the settlement at closing based on Honey Birdette's fiscal year 2021 EBITDA results and price per share of $26.57 at Closing, as well as fiscal year 2022 forecasted revenue. The fiscal year 2021 EBITDA and Closing true-up resulted in 4,412 shares of our common stock being issued to the Honey Birdette sellers on August 19, 2021. (2)

The lock-up shares are subject  to  post-closing  true-up  adjustments,  where,  following  the  closing,  the  Honey  Birdette  sellers  are  entitled  to  the issuance of additional shares of Company common stock in the event that Honey Birdette's financial results for each of its 2021 and 2022 fiscal years exceed certain financial targets set forth in the SPA (each a 'true-up'). In the event that Honey Birdette fails to achieve certain financial results for its 2021 and 2022 fiscal years as set forth in the SPA, a portion of the stock consideration may be canceled in accordance with the terms of the SPA.

The fair value of the lock-up shares and FY22 true-up adjustment was recorded as a contingent liability in current liabilities. The acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration liability to be settled in a variable number of shares was determined based on the likelihood of issuing stock related to the contingent earn-out clauses, as part of the consideration transferred. For contingent consideration to be settled in common stock, we use public market data to determine the fair value of the shares as of the acquisition date and on an ongoing basis. See Note 2, Fair Value Measurements, for measurements of these contingent liabilities.The requirements for the FY22 true-up adjustment were not met and the contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Honey Birdette was no longer contingent. As a result, no liability balance was held as of December 31, 2022 and the fair value of the lock-up shares was reclassified into additional paid-in capital in the consolidated balance sheet.

The following table sets forth the final allocation of the purchase price for Honey Birdette to the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from Honey Birdette (in thousands):

| Net assets and liabilities:  Cash  $  3,950  Inventory  16,015  Property and equipment  5,185  Other tangible net assets (liabilities)  (12,243)  Unfavorable leasehold interest, net  (1,690)  Trade name  77,238  Deferred tax liability  (23,046)  Total net assets acquired  65,409  Purchase consideration  288,790  Goodwill  $  223,381   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  estimated  fair  value  of  the  assets  and  liabilities  acquired  was  determined  by  our  management.  Honey  Birdette's  inventory  consists  of merchandise  finished  goods,  and  its  fair  value  was  measured  as  net  realizable  value,  or  the  selling  price  of  the  inventory  less  costs  of  disposal  and  a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. Trade name consists of the Honey Birdette trade name/domain, and its fair value was estimated using a relief-from-royalty method. The useful life of the Honey Birdette trade name was estimated to be 12 years. Unfavorable leasehold interest, net is due to the fair values of acquired lease contracts having contractual rents higher than fair market rents. This liability will be wound down as an offset to rent expense over the remaining contractual life of the acquired leases.

The  updates  to  the  estimated  purchase  price  allocation  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  2021  were  primarily  due  to  a  decrease  in  inventory  step  up adjustment. The total acquisition consideration was greater than the fair value of the net assets acquired resulting in the recognition of goodwill of $223.4 million. The factors that make up the goodwill amount primarily pertain to the value of the expected synergies resulting in strengthening and expansion of our e-commerce and brick-and-mortar market positions.

The  acquisition  was  a  tax-free  acquisition  as  we  acquired  the  carryover  tax  basis  of  Honey  Birdette's  assets  and  liabilities.  As  a  result  of  the acquisition, we recorded estimated deferred tax liabilities of $23.0 million and there was no associated tax deduction for goodwill in connection with such acquisition.

Honey Birdette's operating results are consolidated with our operating results beginning on August 9, 2021. Therefore, our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 may not be comparable to the same period in 2021 and 2020. Honey Birdette's results of operations included in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 are presented in the table below (in thousands):

| Net revenues  $  32,288  Costs and expenses:  Cost of sales  (14,445)  Selling and administrative expenses  (17,341)  Total costs and expenses  (31,786)  Operating income  502  Nonoperating income  559  Benefit (expense) from income taxes  2,162  Net income  $  3,223   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited)

The following table summarizes certain of our supplemental pro forma financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as if the acquisition of Honey Birdette had occurred as of January 1, 2020. The unaudited pro forma financial information for the year ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 reflects (i) the increase in amortization expense based on fair value adjustments to the intangible assets acquired from Honey Birdette; (ii) the reduction in rent expense due to the amortization of unfavorable leasehold interest, net acquired from Honey Birdette; (iii) interest expense associated with the borrowing of an additional $70.0 million under our New Credit Agreement used to partially finance the acquisition; (iv) amortization of the inventory fair  value  step-up  adjustment;  (v)  tax  adjustments  calculated  using  an  estimated  blended  statutory  rate  of  27.55%  based  on  the  predominant  taxable jurisdictions  of  Honey  Birdette;  and  (vi)  certain  adjustments  to  convert  Honey  Birdette's  consolidated  income  statements  from  IFRS  to  U.S.  GAAP. Transaction  costs  incurred  by  us  and  Honey  Birdette  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021  were  $9.0  million  and  $4.8  million,  respectively.  The unaudited  pro  forma  financial  information  is  for  comparative  purposes  only  and  is  not  necessarily  indicative  of  what  would  have  occurred  had  the acquisition been made at that date or of results which may occur in the future (in thousands).

| Year Ended December 31,  2021  2020  As Reported  Pro Forma  As Reported  Pro Forma  Net revenues  $  246,586  $  292,708  $  147,662  $  201,524  Net loss  $  (77,676)  $  (67,772)  $  (5,271)  $  (15,931)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisition of GlowUp

On October 22, 2021, we completed the acquisition (the 'GlowUp Merger') of all of the equity of GlowUp Digital Inc., a Delaware corporation ('GlowUp'), pursuant to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 15, 2021 (the 'GlowUp Agreement'), by and among the Company, PB Global Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ('Dream Merger Sub'), GlowUp and Michael Dow, solely in his capacity as representative of the holders of the outstanding shares of GlowUp's common stock and of the holders of the outstanding SAFEs (Simple Agreements for Future Equity) issued by GlowUp. At the effective time of the GlowUp Merger, the separate corporate existence of Dream Merger Sub ceased, and GlowUp survived the GlowUp Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company under the name 'Centerfold Digital Inc.'

At  the  closing  of  the  GlowUp  Merger,  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  GlowUp  Agreement,  including  certain  adjustments  to  the  GlowUp Merger consideration determined as of the closing, (i) holders of GlowUp's equity securities that are accredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, 548,034 shares of the Company's common stock and (ii) holders of GlowUp equity securities that are non-accredited investors became entitled to receive, in the aggregate, $342,308 in cash. Pursuant to the GlowUp Agreement, the number of GlowUp Merger consideration shares was determined based on a price per share of $23.4624, which was the volume weighted average closing price per share of the Company's common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market  over  the  10  consecutive  trading  day  period  ending  on  (and  including)  the  trading  day  immediately  preceding  the  execution  of  the  GlowUp Agreement (i.e., October 14, 2021), representing aggregate closing consideration of approximately $13.2 million. In addition, $0.8 million in transaction expenses were paid by the Company on behalf of the sellers as of closing. Contingent consideration of up to an additional 664,311 shares of our stock and $0.4 million in cash in the aggregate may be issued or paid (as applicable) to GlowUp's equity holders upon the release of the portion thereof held back in respect of indemnification obligations or the satisfaction of performance criteria, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the GlowUp Agreement. The fair value of contingent consideration at closing was valued at $18.1 million, $9.2 million of which was classified as equity and $8.9 million was recorded in current  liabilities.  The  closing  date  per  share  price  of  the  Company's  common  stock  of  $27.60  resulted  in  total  consideration  transferred  valued  at $34.4 million at closing.

The following table summarizes the fair value of the total consideration transferred in the acquisition of GlowUp at the closing of the acquisition (in thousands).

| Cash consideration (including transaction expenses paid for sellers)  $  1,142  Stock consideration  15,126  Contingent consideration  18,097  Total consideration transferred  $  34,365   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The acquisition-date fair value of the contingent consideration to be settled in shares or paid in cash (as applicable) to GlowUp's equity holders upon the release of the portion thereof held back in respect of indemnification obligations or the satisfaction of performance criteria was determined based on the likelihood of issuing stock or paying cash related to the contingent clauses, as part of the consideration transferred. For contingent consideration to be settled in common stock, we use public market data to determine the fair value of the shares as of the acquisition date and on an ongoing basis. See Note 2, Fair Value Measurements, for subsequent measurements of these contingent liabilities.

The following table sets forth the final allocation of the purchase price for GlowUp to the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed from GlowUp (in thousands):

| Net assets and liabilities:  Developed technology  $  2,300  Deferred tax liability  (538)  Total net assets acquired  1,762  Purchase consideration  34,365  Goodwill  $  32,603   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired was determined by our management. Developed technology has a useful life of three years.

The  total  acquisition  consideration  was  greater  than  the  fair  value  of  the  net  assets  acquired  resulting  in  the  recognition  of  goodwill  of $32.6  million.  The  factors  that  make  up  the  goodwill  amount  primarily  pertain  to  the  value  of  the  expected  synergies  resulting  in  strengthening  and expansion of our digital subscription positions.

The acquisition was a tax-free acquisition as we acquired the carryover tax basis of GlowUp's assets and liabilities. As a result of the acquisition, we recorded estimated deferred tax liabilities of $0.5 million and there was no associated tax deduction for goodwill in connection with such acquisition.

The results of our content creator platform are consolidated with our operating results beginning on October 22, 2021. Therefore, our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 may not be comparable to the same period in 2020. Our content creator platform's results of operations included in our consolidated results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 did not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations.

## 18. Accrued Salaries, Wages, and Employee Benefits

Our US Employee Investment Savings Plan is a defined-contribution plan consisting of two components: a 401(k) plan and a profit-sharing plan. Eligible employees may participate in our 401(k) plan upon their date of hire. The 401(k) plan offers several mutual fund investment options. The purchase of our stock has never been an option. We make matching contributions to the 401(k) plan based on each participating employee's contributions and eligible compensation. The matching contribution expense related to this plan was $1.0 million, $0.9 million and $0.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  We  are  also  party  to  an  Australian  contribution  plan  that  requires  contributions  based  on  a  percentage  of  annual compensation. Contributions to these plans totaled $1.0 million and $0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

The profit-sharing plan covers all employees who have completed 12 months of service or at least 1,000 hours. Our discretionary contribution to the profit-sharing plan is distributed to each eligible employee's account in an amount equal to the ratio of each eligible employee's compensation, subject to Internal Revenue Service limitations, to the total compensation paid to all such employees. We did not make any contributions to the plan during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020.

## 19. Segments

We have three reportable segments: Licensing, Direct-to-Consumer, and Digital Subscriptions and Content. The Licensing segment derives revenue from trademark licenses for third-party consumer products and location-based entertainment businesses, including online gaming. The Direct-to-Consumer segment  derives  revenue  from  sales  of  consumer  products  sold  through  third-party  retailers,  online  direct-to-customer  or  brick-and-mortar  through  our recently acquired sexual wellness chain, Lovers, with 41 stores in five states (40 stores as of December 31, 2022), and lingerie company, Honey Birdette, with  58  stores  in  three  countries,  as  disclosed  in  Note  17,  Business  Combinations  (61  stores  as  of  December  31,  2022).  The  Digital  Subscriptions  and Content  segment  derives  revenue  from  the  subscription  of  Playboy  programming  that  is  distributed  through  various  channels,  including  websites  and domestic and international television, and from sales of tokenized digital art and collectibles.

Our Chief Executive Officer is our Chief Operating Decision Maker ('CODM'). Segment information is presented in the same manner that our CODM reviews the operating results in assessing performance and allocating resources. Total asset information is not included in the tables below as it is not provided to and reviewed by our CODM. The 'All Other' line items in the tables below are primarily attributable to Playboy magazine and brand marketing and these segments do not meet the quantitative threshold for determining reportable segments. We discontinued publishing Playboy magazine in the first quarter of 2020. The 'Corporate' line item in the tables below includes certain operating expenses that are not allocated to the reporting segments presented to our CODM. These expenses include legal, human resources, accounting/finance, information technology and facilities. The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as those described in Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

The following table sets forth financial information by reportable segment (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net revenues:  Licensing  $  60,861  $  66,055  $  63,562  Direct-to-consumer  186,574  147,852  64,116  Digital subscriptions and content  18,709  31,281  18,493  All other  789  1,398  1,491  Total  $  266,933  $  246,586  $  147,662  Operating income (loss):  Licensing  $  (73,979)  $  48,280  $  43,999  Direct-to-consumer  (206,962)  (3,021)  (752)  Digital subscriptions and content  (13,016)  9,386  9,945  Corporate  (32,439)  (124,632)  (38,462)  All other  711  1,135  (1,118)  Total  $  (325,685)  $  (68,852)  $  13,612  Depreciation and amortization:  Licensing  $  -  $  (284)  $  (606)  Direct-to-Consumer  (7,637)  (4,710)  (402)  Digital Subscriptions and Content  (3,843)  (297)  (240)  Corporate  (2,133)  (2,000)  (808)  All other  -  -  (203)  Total  $  (13,613)  $  (7,291)  $  (2,259)  Goodwill:  Licensing  $  -  $  -  $  -  Direct-to-consumer  90,117  237,477  -  Digital subscriptions and content  33,100  33,100  504  Total  $  123,217  $  270,577  $  504   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Geographic Information

Revenue by geography is based on where the customer is located. Long-lived assets, net includes property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use assets. The following tables set forth revenue and long-lived assets, net by geographic area as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Year Ended December 31,  Net revenues:  2022  2021  2020  China  $  42,514  $  43,535  $  42,569  United States  158,200  152,410  76,365  Australia  41,877  21,379  4  UK  11,683  6,156  5,077  Other  12,659  23,106  23,647  Total  $  266,933  $  246,586  $  147,662   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31,  Long-lived assets:  2022  2021  Australia  $  5,747  $  6,767  United States  50,427  57,401  Other  2,466  1,023  Total  $  58,640  $  65,191   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 20. Subsequent Events

On December 19, 2022, we distributed to all holders of record of our common stock as of 5:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on December 16, 2022 (the 'Record Date'), for each share of common stock held as of the Record Date, one non-transferable subscription right to purchase 0.30681187 of a share of Common Stock. On January 9, 2023, we filed a prospectus supplement extending the expiration date and amending the subscription price of the rights offering. Each subscription right entitled holders to purchase 0.30681187 of a share of common stock at a subscription price per whole share of common stock equal to the lesser of (i) $3.50 and (ii) eighty-five percent (85%) of the VWAP (as defined below) of a share of our common stock for the ten trading day period through and including January 20, 2023 (the lesser of (i) and (ii), the 'Subscription Price'). 'VWAP' means, for any trading day, the volumeweighted average price of our common stock on the Nasdaq Global Market ('Nasdaq'), as reported by Bloomberg L.P. between 9:30 a.m. and 4:00 p.m., Eastern Time, on such date. All holders of record were required to subscribe assuming the initial Subscription Price of $3.50 per share. At the expiration of the rights offering on January 23, 2023, the final Subscription Price was $2.5561 per share. The rights offering was completed in February 2023, and we issued 19,561,050 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50 million. We received net proceeds of approximately $47.5 million from the rights offering, after the payment of offering fees and expenses. We used $40 million of the net proceeds from the rights offering for repayment of debt under our senior credit agreement, and we intend to use the remainder for other general corporate purposes.

On January 16, 2023, the Company, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Playboy Enterprises, Inc. agreed with Charactopia Licensing Limited ('Charactopia'), the brand management unit of Fung Group, to enter into a shareholders agreement to form 'Playboy China', a joint venture (the 'China JV') that will jointly own and operate the Playboy consumer products business in parts of the China market, including mainland China. The China JV will be  governed  by  a  board  of  directors  that  will  include  representatives  from  both  the  Company  and  Charactopia,  with  the  Company  retaining  majority ownership of the China JV.

On January 18, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the 'Securities Purchase Agreement') with purchasers led by Michael Serruya at Serruya Private Equity and Broadband Capital Investments (the 'Purchasers') for the sale of up to $25 million of shares of common stock of the Company. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers agreed to purchase $15.0 million of shares  of  Common Stock (the  'Initial  Investment')  and,  to  the  extent  that  our  previously  announced  rights  offering  was  not  fully  subscribed,  up  to  an additional $10.0 million (the 'Backstop Investment') of shares of Common Stock, in each case at a price per share equal to the subscription price for the rights offering, which is $2.5561 per share. On January 24, 2023, we issued 5,868,315 shares of common stock for the Initial Investment and an additional 489,026  shares  of  Common  Stock  for  the  $1.25  million  commitment  fee  under  the  Securities  Purchase  Agreement.  We  received  $15  million  in  gross proceeds from the Initial Investment, and net proceeds of approximately $13.75 million from the registered direct offering, after the payment of offering fees and  expenses,  with  such  net  proceeds  to  be  used  for  general  corporate  purposes,  which  could  include  the  repayment  of  debt  under  our  senior  credit agreement. Due to the rights offering being over-subscribed, we did not issue any shares of common stock pursuant to the Backstop Investment.

On January 30, 2023, we entered into a standstill agreement (the 'Standstill Agreement') with Rizvi Traverse Management, LLC (together with its affiliates,  "RTM")  in  connection  with  the  Company's  rights  offering  that  closed  in  February  2023.  Pursuant  to  the  Standstill  Agreement,  among  other limitations, RTM and their affiliates agreed not to purchase shares of our common stock to the extent that RTM and their affiliates' ownership would exceed 29.99% of our outstanding shares of common stock in the aggregate following any acquisition of common stock during the standstill period. The standstill period means any period from and after January 30, 2023 in which RTM and their affiliates collectively own, beneficially or of record, more than 14.9% of the total outstanding shares of our common stock.

On February 17, 2023, we entered into the Fourth Amendment to the New Credit Agreement. Refer to Note 9, Debt for further details.

## Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures

None.

## Item 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Management,  with  the  participation  of  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer,  evaluated  the  effectiveness  of  our  disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term 'disclosure controls and procedures,' as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,  within  the  time  periods  specified  in  the  SEC's  rules  and  forms.  Disclosure  controls  and  procedures  include,  without  limitation,  controls  and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives.

Based on the evaluation performed as of December 31, 2022, as a result of the material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting that are  described  below  in  Management's  Report  on  Internal  Control  Over  Financial  Reporting,  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of such date.

## Management's Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by such company's board of directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of  financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with  generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that:

- pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company;
- provide  reasonable  assurance  that  transactions  are  recorded  as  necessary  to  permit  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  in accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and  expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
- provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because  of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also,  projections  of  any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company's annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the framework set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 due to the material weaknesses described below.

Management has determined that the Company had the following material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting:

## Control Environment, Risk Assessment, and Monitoring

We did not  maintain  appropriately  designed  entity-level  controls  impacting  the  control  environment,  risk  assessment  procedures,  and  effective monitoring controls to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements. These deficiencies were attributed to: (i) lack of structure and responsibility, insufficient number of qualified resources and inadequate oversight and accountability over the performance of controls, (ii) ineffective identification and assessment of risks impacting internal control over financial reporting, and (iii) ineffective evaluation and determination as to whether the components of internal control were present and functioning.

## Control Activities and Information and Communication

These  material  weaknesses  contributed  to  the  following  additional  material  weaknesses  within  certain  business  processes  and  the  information technology environment:

- We did not fully design, implement and monitor general information technology controls in the areas of program change management, user access,  and  segregation  of  duties  for  systems  supporting  substantially  all  of  the  Company's  internal  control  processes.  Accordingly,  the Company did not have effective automated process-level controls, and manual controls that are dependent upon the information derived from the IT systems are also determined to be ineffective.
- We  did  not  design  and  implement,  and  retain  appropriate  documentation  of  formal  accounting  policies,  procedures  and  controls  across substantially all of the Company's business processes to achieve timely, complete, accurate financial accounting, reporting, and disclosures. Additionally, we did not design and implement controls maintained at the corporate level which are at a sufficient level of precision to provide for the appropriate level of oversight of business process activities and related controls.
- We did not appropriately design and implement management review controls at a sufficient level of precision around complex accounting areas and disclosure including asset impairments, income tax, digital assets, stock-based compensation and lease accounting.
- We did not appropriately design and implement controls over the existence, accuracy, completeness, valuation and cutoff of inventory.

Although these material weaknesses did not result in any material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements for the periods presented, they  could  lead  to  a  material  misstatement  of  account  balances  or  disclosures.  Accordingly,  management  has  concluded  that  these  control  deficiencies constitute material weaknesses.

## Remediation Efforts

We have begun the process of, and we are focused on, designing and implementing effective internal controls measures to improve our internal control over financial reporting and remediate the material weaknesses. Our internal control remediation efforts include the following:

- We hired  additional  qualified  accounting  resources  and  outside  resources  to  segregate  key  functions  within  our  financial  and  information technology processes supporting our internal controls over financial reporting.
- We are in the process of reassessing and formalizing the design of certain accounting and information technology policies relating to security and change management controls.
- We engaged an outside firm to assist management with (i) reviewing our current processes, procedures, and systems and assessing the design of controls  to  identify  opportunities  to  enhance  the  design  of  controls  that  would  address  relevant  risks  identified  by  management,  and  (ii) enhancing and implementing protocols to retain sufficient documentary evidence of operating effectiveness of such controls.

In addition to implementing and refining the above activities, we expect to engage in additional remediation activities in fiscal year 2023, including:

- Continuing to enhance and formalize our accounting, business operations, and information technology policies, procedures, and controls to achieve complete, accurate, and timely financial accounting, reporting and disclosures.
- Complete the implementation of our new enterprise reporting software and other system integrations, and establish effective general controls over these systems to ensure that our automated process level controls and information produced and maintained in our IT systems is relevant and reliable.
- Implementation of a new warehouse management system, and redesigning certain inventory process controls to increase the level of precision.

- Designing and implementing controls that address the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the performance of controls over accounting transactions and disclosures.
- Enhancing policies and procedures to retain adequate documentary evidence for certain management review controls over certain business processes including precision of review and evidence of review procedures performed to demonstrate effective operation of such controls.
- Developing monitoring controls and protocols that will allow us to timely assess the design and the operating effectiveness of controls over financial reporting and make necessary changes to the design of controls, if any.

While these actions and planned actions are subject to ongoing management evaluation and will require validation and testing of the design and operating effectiveness of internal controls over a sustained period of financial reporting cycles, we are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting.

## Attestation Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Our independent registered public accounting firm, BDO USA, LLP, as auditor of our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

As described above, we are in the process of implementing changes to our internal control over financial reporting to remediate the material weaknesses described herein. There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.

## Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of  judgment  in  designing,  implementing,  operating,  and  evaluating  the  controls  and  procedures,  and  the  inability  to  eliminate  misconduct  completely. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not  absolute  assurances.  In  addition,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor  and  upgrade  our  internal  controls  as  necessary  or  appropriate  for  our  business,  but  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  such  improvements  will  be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Shareholders and Board of Directors PLBY Group, Inc. Los Angeles, California

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited PLBY Group, Inc.'s (the 'Company's') internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the 'COSO criteria'). In our opinion, the Company did not maintain, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance on management's statements referring to any corrective actions taken by the Company after the date of management's assessment.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB'), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as 'the consolidated financial statements') and our report dated March 16, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying 'Item 9A, Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting'. Our responsibility  is  to  express  an  opinion  on  the  Company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  based  on  our  audit.  We  are  a  public  accounting  firm registered  with  the  PCAOB  and  are  required  to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit of internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Material weaknesses have been identified and described in management's assessment. These material weaknesses related to management's failure to design and maintain effective controls  over  financial  reporting,  specifically  related  to  the  following:  (1)  entity-level  controls  impacting  the  control  environment,  risk  assessment procedures, and monitoring controls to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements; (2) general information technology controls related to program change management, user access, and segregation of duties for systems supporting substantially all of the Company's internal control processes; (3) documentation of formal accounting policies, procedures and controls across all business processes as well as design and maintenance of controls at the corporate level at a sufficient level of precision; (4) design and implementation of management review controls at a sufficient level of precision over complex accounting areas and related disclosures, including asset impairments, digital assets, stock-based compensation, income tax and lease accounting; and, (5) the design and implementation of controls over the existence, accuracy, completeness, valuation and cutoff of inventory.

These  material  weaknesses  were  considered  in  determining  the  nature,  timing,  and  extent  of  audit  tests  applied  in  our  audit  of  the  2022  consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 16, 2023, on those consolidated financial statements.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

## /s/ BDO USA, LLP

Los Angeles, California

March 16, 2023

## Item 9B. Other Information

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information relating to our directors, executive officers and corporate governance is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled 'Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors,' 'Executive Officers and Additional Director Information' and 'Corporate Governance ' in the Company's proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of the Company's stockholders (the '2023 Proxy Statement'), which is expected to be filed within 120 days of our fiscal year end.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information relating to the compensation of our executive officers and directors is incorporated by reference from the sections entitled 'Executive Compensation' and 'Director Compensation' in the 2023 Proxy Statement (provided that the Pay-Versus-Performance disclosure shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference herein).

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

Information  relating  to  the  ownership  of  our  securities  by  certain  beneficial  owners  and  our  management  and  related  stockholder  matters  is incorporated by reference from the section entitled 'Ownership of Common Stock' in the 2023 Proxy Statement.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

Information  relating  to  related  party  transactions  and  director  independence  is  incorporated  by  reference  from  the  sections  entitled  'Certain Relationships and Related-Party and Other Transactions' and 'Director Independence' in the 2023 Proxy Statement.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

Information relating to the principal accounting services provided to the Company and the fees for such services is incorporated by reference from the section entitled 'Principal Accountant Fees and Services' in the 2023 Proxy Statement.

## PART III

## Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

- (a)    The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K:
1.    Consolidated Financial Statements: See 'Index to Consolidated Financial Statements' at 'Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data' herein.
- (b)    Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule.

## Schedule II -Valuation and Qualifying Account

| (in thousands)  Balance at Beginning  of Year  Costs Charged  to Expenses  Deductions and  Write-offs  Balance at End  of Year  Year Ended December 31, 2020  Reserve for inventory  $209  $19  $-  $228  Year Ended December 31, 2021  Reserve for inventory  $228  $1,239  $-  $1,467  Year Ended December 31, 2022  Reserve for inventory  $1,467  $3,503  $-  $4,970   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (c)    Exhibits: The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Exhibit Index

| Exhibit No.  Description  2.1*  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp, MCAC Merger Sub  Inc., Suying Liu and Playboy Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to MCAC's Preliminary Proxy Statement file with  the SEC on November 9, 2020).  2.2*  Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 28, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., PLBY Australia Pty Ltd, Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty  Limited, the sellers party thereto, and Ray Itaoui, as the sellers' representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of PLBY's  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 29, 2021)  3.1  Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of PLBY Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of PLBY's  Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021)  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws of PLBY Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC  on February 16, 2021)  3.3  Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on  Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022)  4.1  Description of registrant's securities.  10.1  Form of Subscription Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp and certain  institutional and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of MCAC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the  SEC on October 1, 2020).  10.2  Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2020, by and among Mountain Crest Acquisition Corp and certain  institutional and accredited investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of MCAC's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the  SEC on October 1, 2020).  10.3  Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., Suying Liu,  Dong Liu, Nelson Haight, Todd Milbourn, Wenhua Zhang, RT-ICON Holdings LLC, and each of the other shareholders of Playboy  Enterprises, Inc. whose names are listed on Exhibit A thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.4  Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc. and RT-ICON Holdings LLC (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PART IV

| Exhibit No.  Description  10.5†  PLBY Group, Inc. 2021 Equity and Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed  with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.6  Consent to Merger Transaction and Wavier to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2020, by and among Products Licensing LLC,  Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., and Yandy Enterprises LLC (f/k/a Y Acquisition Co. LLC), DBD  Credit Funding LLC, as Administrative Agent, and the Lenders whose signatories are affixed hereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.30 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.7  Agreement, dated January 10, 2021, by and between Playboy Enterprises, Inc. and CAA Brand Management, LLC (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 10.12 of PLBY's Form S-1 (333-255585) filed with the SEC on April 28, 2021).  10.8  Form of Unit Purchase Option between MCAC and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of MCAC's  Registration Statement on Form S-1 (333-238320) filed with the SEC on May 15, 2020).  10.9  Stock Purchase Agreement, dated September 30, 2020, by and among Sunlight Global Investment LLC, Suying Liu and Playboy  Enterprises, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of MCAC's Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on February 4, 2021).  10.10  Credit Agreement, dated as of June 24, 2014, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC, administrative agent,  and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.11  First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2016, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding LLC,  as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC  on February 16, 2021).  10.12  Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 29, 2016, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding  LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.13  Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 20, 2017, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding  LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.14  Fourth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding  LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.15  Fifth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of June 14, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding  LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.16  Sixth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC, DBD Credit Funding  LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with  the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.17  Seventh Amendment and Joinder to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 24, 2018, by and among Products Licensing LLC,  Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders  party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.18  Eighth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 15, 2019, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises  International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2021).  10.19  Ninth Amendment and Joinder to the Credit Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2019, by and among Products Licensing LLC,  Playboy Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., Y Acquisition Co. LLC, China Products Licensing, LLC., DBD Credit  Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 of PLBY's Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.20  Tenth Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of March 27, 2020, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy Enterprises  International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., Y Acquisition Co. LLC, China Products Licensing, LLC, Yandy Enterprises LLC., DBD  Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of PLBY's Form  8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.21  Eleventh Amendment to the Credit Agreement and Waiver, dated as of January 4, 2021, by and among Products Licensing LLC, Playboy  Enterprises International, Inc., Playboy Enterprises, Inc., Y Acquisition Co. LLC, China Products Licensing, LLC, Yandy Enterprises  LLC., DBD Credit Funding LLC, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of  PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit No.  Description  10.22†  Playboy Enterprises, Inc. 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the  SEC on February 16, 2021).  10.23  Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, entered into by and among Playboy Enterprises, Inc., the Company and  certain subsidiaries of the Company, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021).  10.24  Pledge and Security Agreement, dated as of May 25, 2021, entered into by and among Playboy Enterprises, Inc., the Company and  certain subsidiaries of the Company, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's  Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021).  10.25  Amendment No. 1 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2021, by and among PLBY, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., each  guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2021).  10.26*  Stock Purchase Agreement, dated January 31, 2021, by and between Playboy Enterprises, Inc. and TLA Acquisition Corp. (incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of PLBY' sForm 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 13, 2021).  10.27*  Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 15, 2021, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., PB Global Merger Sub Inc., GlowUp Digital  Inc. and Michael Dow, solely as representative of the stockholders of GlowUp Digital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of  PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 18, 2021).  10.28*  Purchase Agreement, dated May 13, 2022, by and among PLBY Group, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1  of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022).  10.29*  Amendment No. 2 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of August 8, 2022, by and among PLBY, Playboy Enterprises, Inc., each  guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent and the collateral agent  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022).  10.30*  Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report  on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 1, 2022).  10.31*  Amendment No. 3 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of December 6, 2022, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., Playboy  Enterprises, Inc., each guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent  and the collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on  December 7, 2022).  10.32*  Securities Purchase Agreement, dated January 18, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on  Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 18, 2023).  10.33  Standstill Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2023, by and among PLBY Group, Inc. and affiliates of Rizvi Traverse Management  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023).  10.34  Amendment No. 4 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2023, by and among PLBY Group, Inc., Playboy  Enterprises, Inc., each guarantor party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Acquiom Agency Services LLC, as the administrative agent  and the collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on  February 21, 2023).  14.1  Code of Conduct and Ethics, adopted by PLBY Group, Inc.'s board of directors on February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 14.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  16.1  Letter from Marcum LLP to the SEC, dated as of February 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K filed  with the SEC on February 16, 2021).  16.2  Letter from Prager Metis CPAs LLP to the SEC, dated as of July 9, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 of PLBY's Form 8-K  filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021).  21.1  List of subsidiaries of PLBY Group, Inc.  23.1  Consent of Prager Metis CPAs LLP.  23.2  Consent of BDO USA, LLP.  24.1  Power of Attorney (included on signature page).  31.1  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  31.2  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as  Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  32.1^  Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Exhibit No.  Description  32.2^  Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-  Oxley Act of 2002.  101.INS  Inline XBRL Instance Document.  101.SCH  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.  101.CAL  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.  101.DEF  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document.  101.LAB  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document.  101.PRE  Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101).   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request.
- † Management contract or compensation plan or arrangement.
- ^    This certification is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.

## Item 16. Form 10-K Summary

None.

## SIGNATURE

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## PLBY GROUP, INC.

| Date: March 16, 2023  By:  /s/ Ben Kohn  Name:  Ben Kohn  Title:  Chief Executive Officer and President  (Principal executive officer)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Ben Kohn and Lance Barton and each or any one of them, his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| Name  Title  Date  /s/ Ben Kohn  Chief Executive Officer, President and Director  March 16, 2023  Ben Kohn  (Principal executive officer)  /s/ Lance Barton  Chief Financial Officer  March 16, 2023  Lance Barton  (Principal financial officer)  /s/ Florus Beuting  Chief Accounting Officer  March 16, 2023  Florus Beuting  (Principal accounting officer)  /s/ Suhail Rizvi  Director  March 16, 2023  Suhail Rizvi  /s/ Tracey Edmonds  Director  March 16, 2023  Tracey Edmonds  /s/ James Yaffe  Director  March 16, 2023  James Yaffe  /s/ Juliana F . Hill  Director  March 16, 2023  Juliana F. Hill   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DESCRIPTION OF THE COMPANY'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED

## Authorized Capital Stock

As of December 31, 2022, the authorized capital stock of PLBY Group, Inc. (the 'Company', 'we', 'us' or 'our') comprised 155,000,000 shares, consisting of 150,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 'Common Stock'), and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share (the 'Preferred Stock').

The following summary describes the material provisions of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all information that is important to an investor in our securities. Defined terms used and not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in our Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Common Stock

## Ranking

The voting, dividend and liquidation rights of the holders of our Common Stock are subject to and qualified by the rights of the holders of the Preferred Stock of any series as may be designated by the Board of Directors of the Company (the 'Board') upon any issuance of the Preferred Stock of any series.

## Voting

Except as otherwise required by law or the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented  and/or  restated  from  time  to  time,  including  the  terms  of  any  Preferred  Stock  Designation  (as  defined  below),  the  'Certificate  of Incorporation'), each holder of record of Common Stock, as such, shall have one vote for each share of Common Stock which is outstanding in his, her or its name on the books of the Company on all matters on which stockholders are entitled to vote generally. Except as otherwise required by law or our Certificate of  Incorporation  (including  any  Preferred  Stock  Designation  (as  defined  below)),  the  holders  of  outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock  shall  have  the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and for all other purposes. Notwithstanding any other provision of our Certificate of Incorporation to the contrary, the holders of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series are entitled, either separately or together as a class with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to our Certificate of Incorporation (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the Delaware General Corporation Law (the 'DGCL').

The holders of shares of Common Stock do not have cumulative voting rights.

## Dividends

Subject  to  the  rights  of  the  holders  of  Preferred  Stock,  holders  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  shall  be  entitled  to  receive  such  dividends  and distributions and other distributions in cash, stock or property of the Company when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of assets or funds of the Company legally available therefor.

## Liquidation, Dissolution and Winding Up

Subject to the rights of the holders of Preferred Stock, shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the assets and funds of the Company available  for  distribution  in  the  event  of  any  liquidation,  dissolution  or  winding  up  of  the  affairs  of  the  Company,  whether  voluntary  or  involuntary.  A liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company, as such terms are used in Section B(4) of our Certificate of Incorporation, shall not be deemed  to  be  occasioned  by  or  to  include  any  consolidation  or  merger  of  the  Company  with  or  into  any  other  person  or  a  sale,  lease,  exchange  or conveyance of all or a part of its assets.

## No Preemptive, Conversion or Redemption Rights

The holders of shares of Common Stock have no preemptive rights and no right to convert their Common Stock into other securities. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to our Common Stock under the Company's existing Certificate of Incorporation or its Amended and Restated Bylaws (the 'Bylaws').

## Preferred Stock

## Issuance of Preferred Stock

Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board is authorized to provide by resolution or resolutions from time to time for the issuance, out of the unissued shares of Preferred Stock, of one or more series of Preferred Stock, without stockholder approval, by filing a certificate pursuant to the applicable law of the State of Delaware (a 'Preferred Stock Designation'), setting forth such resolution and, with respect to each such series, establishing the number of shares to be included in such series, and fixing the voting powers, full or limited, or no voting power of the shares of such series, and the designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, if any, of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The powers, designation, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of Preferred Stock, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. The authority of the Board with respect to each series of Preferred Stock shall include, but not be limited to, the determination of the following:

- the designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title;
- the  number  of  shares  of  the  series,  which  number  the  Board  may  thereafter  (except  where  otherwise  provided  in  the  Preferred  Stock Designation) increase or decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding);
- the amounts or rates at which dividends will be payable on, and the preferences, if any, of, shares of the series in respect of dividends, and whether such dividends, if any, shall be cumulative or noncumulative;
- the dates on which dividends, if any, shall be payable;
- the redemption rights and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series;
- the terms and amount of any sinking fund, if any, provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series;
- the amounts payable on, and the preferences, if any, of, shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of the Company;
- whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series, or any other security, of the Company or any other corporation, and, if so, the specification of such other class or series or such other security, the conversion or exchange price or prices or rate or rates, any adjustments thereof, the date or dates at which such shares shall be convertible or exchangeable and all other terms and conditions upon which such conversion or exchange may be made;
- restrictions on the issuance of shares of the same series or any other class or series;
- the voting rights, if any, of the holders of shares of the series generally or upon specified events; and
- any  other  powers,  preferences  and  relative,  participating,  optional  or  other  special  rights  of  each  series  of  Preferred  Stock,  and  any qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such shares, all as may be determined from time to time by the Board and stated in the Preferred Stock Designation for such Preferred Stock.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Preferred Stock Designation of any series of Preferred Stock may provide that such series shall be superior or rank equally or be junior to any other series of Preferred Stock to the extent permitted by law.

On each of May 16, 2022 and August 8, 2022, the Company issued 25,000 shares of Preferred Stock, designated as 'Series A Preferred Stock,' as described in the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 17, 2022 and the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2022. As of August 8, 2022, all of the Company's 50,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding. The Series A Preferred Stock has not been registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act').

## Registration Rights

Certain of our stockholders or their permitted transferees, are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of certain shares of Common Stock held by them under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 'Securities Act'). These rights are provided under the terms of registration rights agreements between us and such stockholders (the 'Registration Rights Agreements') and include demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights. The Registration Rights Agreements also provide that we will pay certain expenses of these holders relating to such registrations and indemnify them against certain liabilities which may arise under the Securities Act.

## Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

The Company has expressly opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL. However, our Certificate of Incorporation contains similar provisions providing that the Company may not engage in certain 'business combinations' with any 'interested stockholder' for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless:

- prior  to  such  time,  the  Board  approved  either  the  business  combination  or  the  transaction  which  resulted  in  the  stockholder  becoming  an interested stockholder;
- upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the Company outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding (but not the outstanding voting stock owned by the interested stockholder) those shares owned by (a) persons who are directors  and  also  officers  and  (b)  employee  stock  plans  in  which  employee  participants  do  not  have  the  right  to  determine  confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
- at  or  subsequent  to  such  time,  the  business  combination  is  approved  by  the  Board  and  authorized  at  an  annual  or  special  meeting  of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock of the Company which is not owned by the interested stockholder.

Generally,  a  'business  combination'  includes  a  merger,  asset  or  stock  sale  or  certain  other  transactions  resulting  in  a  financial  benefit  to  the interested stockholder. Subject to certain exceptions, an 'interested stockholder' is a person who, together with that person's affiliates, owns or within the previous three years owned, 15% or more of the Company's voting stock.

Under certain circumstances, this provision will make it more difficult for a person who would be an 'interested stockholder' to effect various business combinations with a corporation for a three-year period. This provision may encourage companies interested in acquiring the Company to negotiate in  advance  with  the  Board  because  the  Company's  stockholder  approval  requirement  would  be  avoided  if  the  Board  approves  either  the  business combination or the transaction which results in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder. These provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes in the Company's Board and may make it more difficult to accomplish transactions which stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

Our  Certificate  of  Incorporation  provides  that  RT  and  its  affiliates,  any  of  its  respective  direct  or  indirect  transferees  of  at  least  15%  of  the outstanding shares of our Common Stock, and any group as to which such persons are a part, do not constitute 'interested stockholders' for purposes of this provision.

In  addition,  our  Certificate  of  Incorporation  does  not  provide  for  cumulative  voting  in  the  election  of  directors.  The  Company's  Board  is empowered  to  elect  a  director  to  fill  a  vacancy  created  by  the  expansion  of  the  Board  or  the  resignation,  death  or  removal  of  a  director  in  certain circumstances.

Authorized shares of Common Stock and Preferred Stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Common Stock and Preferred Stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of the Company by means of proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

## Special Meeting, Action by Written Consent and Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals

Except as otherwise required by law, our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws, written or printed notice of the meeting of the stockholders stating the place, day and hour of the meeting and, in case of a special meeting, stating the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, and in case of a meeting held by remote communication stating such means, shall be delivered not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting, either personally, or by mail, or if prior consent has been received by a stockholder by electronic transmission, by or at the direction of the Chairman or the President, the Secretary, or the persons calling the meeting, to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at such meeting. Without limiting the manner by which notice otherwise may be given to stockholders, any notice shall be effective if given by a form of electronic transmission consented to (in a manner consistent with the DGCL) by the stockholder to whom the notice is given. If notice is given by mail, such notice shall be deemed given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at such stockholder's address as it appears on the records of the Company. If notice is given by electronic transmission, such notice shall be deemed given at the time specified in Section 232 of the DGCL.

Our Bylaws also provide that unless otherwise restricted by our Certificate of Incorporation or our Bylaws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of our Board or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all members of our Board or of such committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing or by electronic transmission, and the writing or writings or electronic transmission or transmissions are filed with the minutes of proceedings of our Board or committee.

In addition, our Bylaws require advance notice procedures for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of the stockholders, including the nomination of directors. Stockholders at an annual meeting may only consider the proposals specified in the notice of meeting or brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board, or by a stockholder of record on the record date for the meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who has delivered a timely written notice in proper form to our secretary, of the stockholder's intention to bring such business before the meeting.

These provisions could have the effect of delaying until the next stockholder meeting any stockholder actions, even if they are favored by the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities.

## Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that so long as RT and its affiliates own, in the aggregate, at least 50% in voting power of our Common Stock, any amendment, alteration, change, addition, or repeal of our Certificate of Incorporation requires an affirmative vote of a majority of the thenoutstanding shares of Common Stock entitled to vote thereon. At any time when RT and its affiliates beneficially own, in the aggregate, less than 50% of our outstanding Common Stock, our Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote by the holders of at least 66 2/3% of our outstanding Common Stock  for  any  amendment,  alteration,  change,  addition,  or  repeal  of  our  Certificate  of  Incorporation; provided that,  irrespective  of  RT  ownership,  the affirmative vote of holders of at least 66 2/3% of our outstanding Common Stock is required to amend certain provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation, including those provisions changing the size of the Board, the removal of certain directors, the availability of action by majority written consent of the stockholders or the restriction on business combinations with interest stockholders, among others.

The provisions of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting hostile takeovers and, as a consequence, they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our Common Stock that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

## Exclusive Forum

Our Certificate of Incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, with certain limited exceptions, be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including any beneficial owner) to bring (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer  or  other  employee of the Corporation to the Company or the Company's stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or the charter or bylaws, or (d) any action asserting a claim against the Company, its directors,  officers  or  employees  governed  by  the  internal  affairs  doctrine.  Subject  to  the  provisions  in  the  preceding  sentence,  the  federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint, claim or proceeding asserting a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Stockholders cannot waive  compliance  with  the  federal  securities  laws  and  the  rules  and  regulations  thereunder.  Any  person  or  entity  purchasing  or  otherwise  acquiring  or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in Certificate of Incorporation.

## Limitations on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

The  DGCL authorizes  corporations  to  limit  or  eliminate  the  personal  liability  of  directors  to  corporations  and  their  stockholders  for  monetary damages for breaches of directors' fiduciary duties, subject to certain exceptions. Our Certificate of Incorporation includes a provision that, to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, eliminates the personal liability of directors to us or our stockholders for monetary damages for any breach of fiduciary duty as a director. The effect of these provisions will be to eliminate the rights of us and our stockholders, through stockholders' derivative suits on our behalf, to recover monetary damages from a director for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, including breaches resulting from grossly negligent behavior. However, exculpation will not apply to any director if the director has acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized illegal dividends or redemptions or derived an improper benefit from his or her actions as a director.

Further, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws provide that we must indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL. We also are expressly authorized to carry directors' and officers' liability insurance providing indemnification for our directors, officers and certain employees for some liabilities. We believe that these indemnification and advancement provisions and insurance are useful to attract and retain qualified directors and officers.

The limitation of liability, indemnification and advancement provisions in our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation  against  directors  and  officers,  even  though  such  an  action,  if  successful,  might  otherwise  benefit  us  and  our  stockholders.  In  addition,  your investment  may  be  adversely  affected  to  the  extent  we  pay  the  costs  of  settlement  and  damage  awards  against  directors  and  officers  pursuant  to  these indemnification provisions.

There is currently no pending material litigation or proceeding involving any of our directors, officers or employees for which indemnification is sought.

## Transfer Agent

The transfer agent for our Common Stock is Continental Stock Transfer &amp; Trust Company.

## Listing of Common Stock

Our Common Stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol 'PLBY.'

| Name of Subsidiary  Place of Incorporation  Artwork Holdings LLC  Delaware  Centerfold Digital, Inc.  Delaware  Honey Birdette (Aust) Pty Ltd  Australia  Honey Birdette (UK) Limited  United Kingdom  Honey Birdette US Inc.  Delaware  ICS Entertainment, Inc.  Delaware  PB Global Acquisition Corp.  Delaware  PBTV LLC  Delaware  Playboy China Limited*  Hong Kong  Playboy China (BVI) Limited*  British Virgin Islands  Playboy Enterprises, Inc.  Delaware  Playboy Enterprises International, Inc.  Delaware  Playboy Entertainment Group, Inc.  Delaware  Playboy Media, LLC  Delaware  Playboy New Venture LLC  Delaware  Playboy Spirits, LLC  Delaware  Playboy TV International LLC  Delaware  Playboy TV UK Limited  United Kingdom  Playboy.com, Inc.  Delaware  PLBY Australia Pty Ltd  Australia  PLBY (BVI) Limited  British Virgin Islands  Products Licensing LLC  Delaware  Spice Entertainment, Inc.  Delaware  Spice Hot Entertainment, Inc.  Delaware  TLA Acquisition Corp.  Delaware  Yandy Enterprises LLC  Delaware   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Indicates a company that is not wholly owned directly or indirectly by PLBY Group, Inc.

## Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-264515 and 333-267273) and Form S-8 (File Nos. 333-259216 and 333-264019) of PLBY Group, Inc. ('Company') of our audit of Playboy Enterprises, Inc. as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, with a report date of March 31, 2021, appearing in this Annual Report in Form 10-K of PLBY Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ Prager Metis CPAs LLP Prager Metis CPAs LLP El Segundo, California March 16, 2023

PLBY Group, Inc. Los Angeles, California

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-264515 and 333-267273) and Form S-8 (File Nos.  333-259216  and  333-264019)  of  PLBY  Group,  Inc.  ('Company')  of  our  reports  dated  March  16,  2023,  relating  to  the  consolidated  financial statements, and the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting, which appear in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting expresses an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

/s/ BDO USA, LLP

Los Angeles, California March 16, 2023

## CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

## I, Ben Kohn, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PLBY Group, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 16, 2023

By: /s/ Ben Kohn Ben Kohn Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer)

## CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

## I, Lance Barton, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of PLBY Group, Inc.;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 16, 2023

By: /s/ Lance Barton Lance Barton Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)

## CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

## CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of PLBY Group, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the 'Report'), Ben Kohn, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

- a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 16, 2023

By: /s/ Ben Kohn Ben Kohn Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer)

## CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of PLBY Group, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the 'Report'), Lance Barton, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, to the best of his knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

- a. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and
- b. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 16, 2023

By: /s/ Lance Barton Lance Barton Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer)