<!-- image -->

## Ubiquitous

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## about us

## HAMMOND POWER SOLUTIONS INC.

Hammond Power Solutions Inc. ('HPS' or the 'Company') enables electrification through its broad range of dry-type transformers, power quality products and related magnetics. HPS' standard and custom-designed products  are  essential  and  ubiquitous  in electrical  distribution  networks  through  an extensive  range  of end-user  applications. The  Company  has  manufacturing  plants  in Canada, the United States (U.S.), Mexico and India and sells its products around the globe. HPS shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and trade under the symbol HPS.A.

- 22 Global Locations
- 1,500 Employees Canada, United States, Mexico and India

## $558M Global

Sales

Consistent decades of growth

- ~670,000 Units/year

Consistent decades of growth

## index

| Ubiquitous  02  Company Strategy  04  Shareholders Message  06  2022 Corporate Highlights  08  Looking Ahead 2023  10  Review of Operations  Year in Review  16  Management's Discussion &amp; Analysis  18  Audit Report  43  Financial Statements  46  Notes to Consolidated Financial  Statements  51  Company Information  100   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

12

2

## Ubiquitous:

present, appearing, or found everywhere

Electricity  is  central  to  modern societies  and  transformers  are ubiquitous.

Transformers  are  required  wherever  electrical power  is  needed,  and  one  size  never  fits  all. With  an  increased  focus  on  renewable  energy, electric  vehicles  and  semiconductors,  we  are seeing  significant  changes  in  how  the  world builds infrastructure. HPS has cultivated a depth  of  expertise  in  transformer  design  and manufacturing,  while  at  the  same  time  building an  enormous  distribution  network  that  allows us to access more projects and customers than ever before.

<!-- image -->

HPS' strategic vision and operational initiatives have historically resulted in industry leadership, operational  strength  and financial  stability.  In  an  uncertain  economy,  strength  and stability lead to resilience and opportunity.

A  company  that  is  strong  and  resilient  is  one  that  is  not  only economically secure enough to handle both the expected and the unexpected and still maintain profitability and control growth, but also one that has a positive influence, seeks to exceed expectations and has a lasting  impact.  HPS  at  over  100  years  young,  has  a rich  and  extensive  history  of  growth,  innovation  and  resilience, navigating through often difficult and fluctuating economic times by re-framing challenges into opportunities.

HPS  has  weathered  the  decades  of  time  due  to  a  ubiquitous product, a strong strategic vision, industry leadership, operational strength  and  financial  stability.  Our  reputation  and  capabilities have led us to a place where we can participate in many end-user applications, putting us in a strong position to take advantage of the ever-increasing global investment in electrical infrastructure allowing us to withstand the test of time.

## company strategy

## Our purpose

We are passionate people energizing a better world.

## Strategic pillars

01

## Customers and Markets

Drive organic growth through competitive product offering and unparalleled customer experience and enhance strategic growth via acquisitions.

02

## Operational and Financial Excellence

Achieve operational excellence through continuous improvement and efficiency plays, and grow revenue / EBITDA with opportunistic acquisitions and cost reduction initiatives.

03

## People and Culture

Build the next leadership team, and be a preferred employer due to our clarity of purpose and employee value proposition.

04

## Sustainability

Design energy-efficient products; shrink the ecological footprint of our operations and energize the world responsibly for generations to come.

Our vision To be a leader in the electrification of our world by providing power conversion solutions to our customers while positively impacting social and environmental sustainability.

Our mission We are a talented, aligned, and collaborative team that is agile, engaged, and customer-centric. Our strong culture, technical expertise and reliability of execution allows us to meet our customers' and stakeholders' needs in an exceptional way.

## Transformers are essential, multi-purpose and ubiquitous in all electrical grids.

<!-- image -->

Transformers are essential throughout  the power  grid. Starting at the point of generation, transformers step up  power  for  long  distance transmission.  Depending  on distance and voltage, several types of  transformers  can  be used  along the distribution line to step down  delivery. Commercial, industrial and residential end usage require different voltage levels to supply electrical loads for use with  specific  equipment  and consumption.

## to our Shareholders

## We are very proud to report another strong year of sales and profit growth to our shareholders.

We  delivered  these  strong  results  in  the  face  of  significant unexpected  supply  chain  and  economic  volatility.  Our  strong performance  over  the  last  three  years  is  a  testament  to  the capabilities  and  strengths  we  have  built  over  the  decades  as well as the intentional strategies to diversify our sales channels within the transformer market. None of this could have happened without the tremendous effort and support of our employees in Canada, the United States ('U.S.'), Mexico, and India.

We  have  benefited  significantly  from  being  the  largest dry-type transformer manufacturer in Canada and the U.S., and our  North  American  markets  are  benefiting  from  several  tail winds. These include the burst of renewable and electric vehicle ('EV')  recharging  projects  across  the  U.S.  stimulated  by  the Bipartisan  Infrastructure  Deal,  continuing  growth  of  the  data centre market, the re-shoring of manufacturing to the U.S. and Mexico,  and  the  resurgence  in  mining  of  strategic  metals  and fertilizer to name a few.

Our  plan  to  grow  into  the  Mexican  and  Latin  America ('LATAM') markets and our power quality business has begun to  bear  fruit  in  2022.  We  are  in  the  beginning  stages,  and  we continue to see tremendous opportunity for these areas of growth as  they  are  a  natural  extension  of  our  existing  business.  Our strong financial performance provides a foundation to expand our manufacturing capacity and create new efficiencies to support the  growth  of  our  new  and  traditional  business  lines  for  years

## HPS Corporate Sustainability

Our passion for sustainability ensures that the world is energized today for  future  generations  to  come.  We commit  to  designing  energy-efficient products;  to  shrinking  the  ecological footprint  of  our  operations;  and  to developing a workplace which fosters inclusion and innovation.

## Our 5 Pillars of Sustainability

1. Economics
2. People
3. Community
4. Environment
5. Continuous Improvement

## Our values

We value the safety and well-being of all

We expect honesty, integrity and ethical behaviour

We embrace diversity by nurturing an inclusive environment and treating everyone with dignity and respect

We promote innovation and a relentless pursuit of continuous improvement through teamwork

We believe in a collaborative approach to social and environmental sustainability into the future. Internally, we are building a stronger organization.  We  have  been  focused  on  leveraging world-class  technology  to  support  our  increasingly large and complex business, including our enterprise resource planning ('ERP'), human resources information system ('HRIS') and other sales support systems.  We have invested in our people, ensuring that we have the right people in place, with the right skills to lead us into the future.

After 22 years as the CEO, building the company that has been in my family for more than a century, it is time for me to hand over the day-to-day decisionmaking  process  to  a  leader  that  will  continue  to build  the  Company  with  the  same  commitment  to innovation and to our customers that HPS is known for. I am extremely proud of the extended Hammond family  and  what  we  have  accomplished  together, and  I  look  forward  to  working  closely  with  the next generation of leaders as we shape the strategy that  will  allow  the  Hammond  brand  to  continue  to grow globally.

HPS  has  been  my  home  for  my  entire  45 year  working  career.  This  Company  may  bear  the Hammond  family  name,  but  I  am  very  proud  that it  was  a  place  for  every  employee  to  feel  a  part  of a close-knit group that enabled many to call it their home for their entire career as well. As the Executive Chairman,  I  look  forward  to  working  along  side our  next  CEO  to  ensure  a  smooth  and  successful transition  and  collaboratively  shape  the  long-term vision for Hammond Power Solutions.

We  continue  to  take  a  conservative  approach to  our  growth  in  2023  as  the  global  economic landscape continues to work through several years of uncertainty. In parallel, countries and jurisdictions globally  are  recognizing  the  long-term  benefits  of electrifying  their  economies  and  are  continuing  to adopt power sources with a lower carbon footprint. The fundamentals of our business are driven by  demand  from  a  broad  range  of  end  markets combined  with  a  diversity  of  geography  and  sales channels. As countries globally continue to electrify their economies to meet their climate commitments, we  believe  Hammond  Power  Solutions  will  play  a significant role in this global power transition.

<!-- image -->

William G. Hammond CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD &amp; CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

## 2022 building blocks of success 2022 corporate highlights

<!-- image -->

## Planned Capital Program Increase

Over  the  next  two  years,  HPS  intends  on  increasing  its  planned  capital  program  by  approximately $40 million focused on areas targeted to increase capacity and reduce lead times for low voltage, power quality and induction heating products. Focused primarily in Mexico and the United States, these investments are expected to support HPS' supply chain resilience initiatives.

## Latin America/LATAM

In 2022, HPS expanded aggressively into Mexico as a launching point into the broader Latin American market.  Additional staff, training and marketing support allowed HPS to sign on new distributors to serve this growing market.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## HPS Power Quality Lab September 2022

Located  at  HPS  headquarters  in  Guelph, Ontario, the HPS Power Quality Lab provides HPS the ability to showcase and test  power quality products to customers. Customers experience real-time testing and demonstration of line side power quality products such as transformers, line  reactors,  active  harmonic  filters  and passive  harmonic  filters,  as  well  as  load side products. The lab will primarily be used to host consultants, distributor specialists, partners and end users who  want  to experience the breadth and capabilities of HPS power quality products firsthand.

<!-- image -->

2023 looking ahead

## Changing the way we think about the future.

Electrification  and  renewables  show accelerated growth with power consumption projected to triple by 2050.  Electrification  is  the  cheapest and easiest to implement in most sectors, which also makes it the fastest growing.  HPS'  investments  in  Power Quality  and  Induction  Heating  open new avenues of growth for us, allowing us to leverage our manufacturing infrastructure and distribution network to  grow  into  the  future  through  new technologies.

Hammond Power Solutions

Expand production in Mexico to support growth in power quality, encapsulated, and low voltage distribution products.

Support growth of Mesta Induction Heating business.

Expand manufacturing capacity in Guelph to support larger power products, which in turn support targeted growth applications .

Continue to develop our team to cultivate the next generation of leaders, improve performance and encourage employee retention.

## Formalize our sustainability initiative

with standardized reporting through an established framework.

Continue to implement world-class technology to support our growing business.

## growth markets

Data Centres technologies such as the

Growth is driven by new internet of things (IoT), edge computing and 5G.

Continued Growth

<!-- image -->

## Railway

Electrification

Worldwide demand continues to grow and remain at high volume.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Continuing to secure supply while transitioning to cleaner energy in the

Oil and Gas future.

<!-- image -->

## Renewable Energy

Wind and photovoltaic power are experiencing exponential growth.

<!-- image -->

## EV Industry/Charging Stations

By  2025,  the  move  from  conventional  vehicles  to electric vehicles is expected to have a profound effect on the auto industry with double digit annual growth rates projected.

<!-- image -->

Building it Better

Distribution Centres An acceleration of e-commerce supports the rise of new warehouses.

## Commercial

Infrastructure

Urbanisation, population growth and economic expansion to support growth.

growth

## Review of Operations

What does the new normal look like after the world has gone through and come out of the COVID  pandemic?  This  decade  is  turning out to be the most challenging and uncertain time  I've  ever  seen  in  my  45  years  of  being in  the  electrical  industry.  And  despite  all  of the  challenges  we  faced  in  2022,  Hammond Power  Solutions  performed  admirably  in  my opinion,  in  fact  we  delivered  the  strongest financial performance of our 22 years of being a  separate  public  company.  I  am  very  proud of our accomplishments,  and  believe that three  organizational  capabilities  in  particular contributed  to  our  success  -  diversification, flexibility, and investment.

As 2021 was coming to a close, HPS and our industry in general were facing shortages of  many  materials  and  components  as  the world grappled with production shortfalls and supply  chain  disruptions.  In  fact,  we  entered 2022  with  an  allocated  and  limited  supply  of

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

core steel along with the entire global transformer industry. We were already concerned about whether we would have enough core steel from our legacy suppliers to meet the many growth opportunities we saw in North America - and then Russia invaded Ukraine. This war and the supply disruptions that occurred as a result very early in the year created even greater stress and uncertainty around how much product we could build in 2022. In addition to this uncertainty, we were hit with a rolling barrage of cost increases on all materials - core steel in particular. And on top of this, growth opportunities in existing and new markets exploded.  The  magnitude  of  these  three  situations  was  never built into our 2022 business plan, and we were quickly forced to pivot and project a new course of direction for the year and how we were going to get there.

First, our Corporate Supply Chain group did an incredible job  of  expanding  our  global  supply  base  for  core  steel  from European and Asian producers to not only give us a superior supply position to many of our competitors but also the ability to take on new business and grow faster than originally planned. In addition, because of our dominant industry position as well as the ability to build products when others couldn't, we were able to increase our prices multiple times through the year to cover constantly rising material costs. This pricing power was extremely important in order to preserve our profitability when other manufacturers struggled to do the same.

Our advantage of broad diversification in terms of geography, channels, markets and products along with our pricing power helped to propel the biggest year-over-year of growth we have ever experienced. This robust growth came from a wide variety of markets including electric vehicle ('EV') recharging, solar power generation, energy storage, data centre expansions, oil and gas developments, mining equipment, silica chip manufacturing as well as investments in public infrastructure like water treatment, hospitals and public transit. Several new events also contributed to  this  growth  momentum in  2022,  which  we  expect  will  fuel continuing economic activity in the years ahead. The first one is the noticeable reshoring of certain manufacturing sectors to North America in light of increasing geopolitical uncertainty and risk.  These  include  silica  chip  production  as  well  as  batteries

and  other  products  related  to  manufacturing  electric vehicles  and  their  recharging  systems.  And  an  even bigger and unexpected boost to the U.S. economy came at  the  end  of  2021  from  the  Infrastructure  Investment and  Jobs  Act  signed  into  law  by  President  Biden which has injected hundreds of billions of dollars into many sectors  requiring  transformers,  including  public transportation upgrades, clean water, the electric grid, renewable  energy  and  a  nationwide  network  of  EV recharging stations.

Our biggest growth engine in terms of sales dollars in 2022, which serves many of these growing markets, has  been  our  U.S.  distributor  channel.  In  2022  we expanded our distributor network by 280 new branches. And  since  2020,  we  have  added  989  new  branches which have contributed over $8 million in new business just  in  the  last  three  years  as  they  come  on  stream. Over the last six years we have become the dominant dry transformer supplier to the U.S. distributor channel because of our broad portfolio of standard and custom products,  the  best  training  and  support  tools  in  our industry, superior stock availability from seven regional warehouses across the U.S. and our focus on building and maintaining strong personal relationships with our distributors.  In  addition  to  our  distributor  channel,  an equally  robust  and  important  growth  engine  in  2022 was  our  Original  Equipment  Manufacturer  ('OEM') business. A combination of traditional as well as new OEM customers in Canada and the U.S. serving sectors like data centre power systems, oil and gas equipment, pipelines, mining, water treatment, energy storage and electrical distribution systems experienced the biggest growth in over seven years with backlogs that stretch into  2024.    During  the  year,  we  also  expanded  our sales  organization  based  in  Mexico  to  gradually  give us the capabilities to serve dry transformer markets in Mexico, Central America and South America with the expectation of driving new sales growth of $30 million within the next 5 years.

After three years of rebuilding our Indian management team and refocusing our business coming out  of  the  pandemic  on  more  profitable  markets,  we also  delivered  the  best  financial  results  we  have  ever seen  in  this  rapidly  developing  country.  Total  sales almost doubled as we expanded our domestic business in  industrial  sectors  like  cement  manufacturing,  food and beverage, pharmaceuticals, steel production, marine  power,  hospitals  and  solar  power  generation. We also expanded our export business in Bangladesh, Indonesia, the Philippines and the Pacific Islands.

We  also  enjoyed  significant  growth  during  our first  full  year  from  our  most  recent  acquisition  Mesta Electronics, Inc. ('Mesta'), with sales more than doubling because of the rapid expansion of silica chip production as well as electric battery manufacturing plants in the U.S. The active power filters that Mesta manufactures have  also  expanded  our  power  quality  products  and capabilities that we sell both direct to OEMs as well as through our distributor channel. This relatively small but well managed company serves as an ideal acquisition model for HPS to pursue in the future in order to add tuck-in companies that will expand our penetration of new and adjacent businesses diversifying our sales and markets even more.

One  reason  why  HPS  was  able  to  absorb  so much unexpected growth in 2022 was because of our manufacturing footprint of eight plants across Canada, the U.S. and Mexico. At the end of 2021, we also converted one of our plants in India to build a limited range of low voltage  distribution  transformers  for  North  America. This  global  footprint  gave  us  tremendous  flexibility  in moving products and customer orders from one plant to another in order to meet delivery dates and to reduce our  lead  times.  But  even  this  hasn't  been  enough  to

serve  the  surging  sales  and  future  opportunities  that our  strategies,  channels  and  industry-reputation  are bringing us. During 2022 we increased our investment in new equipment to expand our capacities at existing plants  in  all  four  countries.  And  we  are  so  confident about this positive momentum continuing over the rest of  this  decade,  that  we  announced  before  the  end  of the  year,  a  capital  investment  program  to  spend  over $40  million  in  2023  and  2024  to  further  increase  our capacities.  This  program  includes  the  expansions  of two plants, one in the U.S. and one in Mexico, as well as building an entirely new plant in Mexico focused on small products including power quality magnetics. Our strong balance sheet gives us this flexibility and ability to invest in our organic business which is not only less risky but also tends to generate a better return on our capital.

During  2022,  we  also  continued  to  invest  in  our most valuable asset - our employees and culture. We expanded and launched new training and development programs  across  the organization to improve  our management skills. Forty three leaders and supervisors went through this new program in 2022, and by the end of 2024 we will have put more than 150 of our current and  future  leaders  through  these  skills  development programs.  With  the  help  of  outside  consultants,  we have  put  significant  effort  and  time  into  improving communication down and across the Company in order to improve the understanding and the alignment of our employees  with  both  our  strategic  as  well  as  tactical direction, and how they can help us get there.

In  addition  to  the  above  key  investment  projects, we implemented a new and full cloud-based upgrade to our ERP system in all twenty-two locations worldwide. Inevitably we ran into some initial teething issues given the scale of this project and launching this new system all at once everywhere, but in the end, it gives us a more secure  management  business  system  with  upgraded operating  and  analytical  tools  that  will  help  run  our business more effectively and efficiently. We also started implementing  the  final  parts  of  our  human  resource information system which will improve important areas like  talent  and  performance  management  as  well  as simplify and enhance the employee experience.

Last but not least, after 18 months of researching the  most  relevant  and  effective  ways  to  measure  the environmental footprint of our Company, we launched a  formal  sustainability  and  Environmental,  Social  and Governance  ('ESG')  program.  For  years  HPS  has been designing and building energy-efficient products that shrink the environmental footprint of our industry, and  now  our  ESG  program  is  an  important  way  to demonstrate our commitment to our employees, customers,  communities  and  shareholders  of  having the most sustainable products and services possible.

Gross Margin %

## year in review

Consolidated Sales

(in thousands of dollars)

Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Share

(in dollars)

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## EBITDA *

(in thousands of dollars)

<!-- image -->

* Non-GAAP financial measure, refer to page 20 of the annual report

<!-- image -->

* Non-GAAP financial measure, refer to page 20 of the annual report

## Geographic Sales

(in thousands of dollars)

<!-- image -->

An established global market presence with a focus on growth.

## momentum

## Management's Discussion and Analysis

Hammond Power Solutions Inc. ('HPS' or the 'Company') enables electrification through its broad  range  of  dry-type  transformers,  power quality products and related magnetics. HPS' standard and custom-designed products are essential and ubiquitous in electrical distribution  networks  through  an  extensive range of end-user applications. The Company has manufacturing plants in Canada, the United  States  ('U.S.'),  Mexico  and  India  and sells its products around the globe. HPS shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and trade under the symbol HPS.A.

Hammond Power Solutions -passionate people energizing a better world.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

The following is Management's Discussion and Analysis ('MD&amp;A')  of  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  position and  performance  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022 and 2021, and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company  as  at  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  which  have been  prepared  in  accordance  with  International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS'). This information is based on Management's knowledge as at March 23, 2023. All amounts in this report are expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars unless otherwise noted. Additional information relating to the Company may be found on SEDAR's website  at  www.sedar.com  or  on  the  Company's  website  at www.hammondpowersolutions.com.

## Caution regarding forward-looking information

This MD&amp;A contains forward-looking statements that involve a number of  risks  and  uncertainties,  including  statements  that  relate to among other things, HPS' strategies, intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations and estimates, and can generally be identified by the use of words such as 'may' , 'will' , 'could' , 'should' , 'would' , 'likely' , 'expect' , 'intend' , 'estimate' , 'anticipate' , 'believe' , 'plan' , 'objective' and 'continue' and words and expressions of similar import. Although HPS believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve risks and uncertainties, and undue reliance should  not  be  placed  on  such  statements.  Certain  material factors or assumptions are applied in making forward-looking statements, and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations include but are not limited to: general business and economic conditions (including but not limited to currency rates); changes in laws and regulations; legal and regulatory proceedings; and the ability to execute strategic plans. HPS does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of the forwardlooking statements contained in this document, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Additional GAAP and Non-GAAP measures

This document uses the terms 'earnings from operations'  which  represents  earnings  before  finance and other costs/(income) and income taxes. 'EBITDA' is also used and is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA adjusted for foreign exchange gain or loss. Net cash or net indebtedness is defined as the bank  operating  lines  of  credit  net  of  cash  and  cash equivalents. Net income taxes payable or receivable is defined as current income taxes receivable less current income  taxes  payable.    Operating  earnings,  EBITDA and  Adjusted  EBITDA  are  some  of  the  measures  the Company uses to evaluate the operational profitability. Net  cash  or  net  indebtedness  and  net  income  taxes payable  or  receivable  are  measures  the  Company uses to evaluate balance sheet strength. The Company presents  EBITDA  to  show  its  performance  before interest, taxes, and  depreciation and  amortization. Management  believes  that HPS  shareholders and potential  investors  in  HPS  use  additional  GAAP  and non-GAAP  financial measures, such as operating earnings,  net  cash  or  net  indebtedness,  net  income taxes payable/receivable, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA  in  making  investment  decisions  about  the Company  and  to  measure  its  operational  results.  A reconciliation of earnings from operations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to net earnings for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 is contained within  this  MD&amp;A.  Earnings  from  operations,  EBITDA and  Adjusted  EBITDA  should  not  be  construed  as  a substitute  for  net  earnings  determined  in  accordance with IFRS.

'Order  bookings'  represent  confirmed  purchase orders for  goods  or  services  received  from  our  customers. 'Backlog'  represents  all  unshipped  customer  orders. 'Book value per share' is the total shareholders' equity divided by the average outstanding shares. The terms 'earnings from operations' , 'EBITDA' , 'adjusted EBITDA' , 'order bookings' , 'backlog' and 'book value per share'

do  not  have  any  standardized  meaning  prescribed within  IFRS  and  therefore  may  not  be  comparable  to similar measures presented by other companies.

The Company's 2022 consolidated financial statements, which comprise the consolidated statements of financial position as at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and Notes thereto, have been prepared under IFRS.

## Overview

HPS'  strategic  vision  and  operational  initiatives  have supported our industry leadership, operational strength and financial stability. The combination of our resilience, drive, decades of experience, commitment, engineering expertise,  solid  supplier  relationships  and  a  broad and  unique  business  perspective  gained  through  our diverse  products,  customers  and  markets  are  all  key factors critical to our success.

With  an  established  global  market  presence  and a  focus  on  market  growth,  HPS  is  positioned  as  a transformer  industry  leader  providing  standard  and custom order solutions, a broad product offering, market access  through  multiple  sales  channels,  outstanding quality products and exceptional service. HPS  is leveraging  its  expertise  in  transformer  magnetics  to broaden its market presence in terms of the products it  sells,  the  applications  it  serves  and  the  geographic regions into which it sells its solutions.

Demand  for  HPS'  products  is  increasing  at  a rapid rate, and  in 2022  HPS  realized  its highest annual revenues in company history.  HPS' customers and  end-users  operate  in  a  variety  of  industries  and the  varying  levels  of  economic  activity  within  those industries  will  have  an  impact  on  HPS'  overall  sales. During the year, we saw activity increase in many of the markets we serve as COVID-19 pandemic restrictions diminished and economic activity surged due to strong

electrification tailwinds. Many of the markets that HPS serves, such as industrial and commercial construction, utilities,  infrastructure,  oil  and  gas,  mining,  electric vehicle  charging  and  renewables  have  all  benefitted from higher-than-normal levels of investment.

HPS sells through distributors and direct to Original Equipment  Manufacturer  ('OEM')  and  private  label customers.  Sales through distributors tend to be made up of higher volume, standard product, whereas OEM sales tend to be customized and project-oriented sales. HPS believes  that  its  strong  focus  on  developing  the distributor channel as well as continuing to support the OEM channel  with  high  levels  of  service  and  quality have  resulted  in  our  growing  market  share  in  the United States ('U.S').

HPS' manufacturing capabilities are primarily located  in  North  America,  with  production  facilities in  Canada,  the  U.S.  and  Mexico.    North  American production is focused on dry-type transformers, power quality products and induction heating products. These facilities  form  an  integrated  supply  chain  serving  the Canadian,  U.S.  and  Mexican  markets.    HPS  also  has manufacturing facilities in India, which primarily serves the Indian domestic market with oil-filled transformers. HPS saw growth in all of these markets during 2022.

One of HPS' key financial challenges in 2021 and 2022  is  attributed  to  rising  material  costs  and  supply chain  interruptions.  Organic  growth  and  supply  chain disruptions in 2022 resulted in capacity constraints in some  facilities.  HPS  responded  to  these  challenges by  focusing  on  building  a  more  resilient  supply  chain and adding capacity where feasible in a short period of time.  In response to rising material and logistic costs, we  implemented  several  price  increases  during  2021 and 2022 - the full impact of which began to be realized toward  the  end  of  2022.    These  increases,  coupled with strong organic growth, lifted sales,  bookings and  backlog,  particularly  towards  the  end  of  2022, and  contributed  to  significant  profit  growth.    Other significant  drivers  of  sales  and  profitability  in  2022

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

were, sales growth in the Mexican market which HPS entered in 2022, a strong rebound in India which made meaningful  margin  improvements  and  growth  in  the Mesta induction heating and harmonic filter business.

HPS' history of success has been achieved through its commitment to producing quality, innovative, energy efficient,  diverse  transformers  and  related  magnetic products. The Company's alignment of its operational initiatives and strategic vision enhances these competitive differentiators. HPS has a well-established and growing market presence and a focus on continued growth through current and new  customers and products. The Company has a strong financial footing that allows for continued focus on market share growth. The  Company's  broad  global  footprint provides a gateway to new technologies, customers and markets. These  strengths  are  important  to  future  revenue  and earnings growth.

Technology and know-how obtained through acquisitions  have  allowed  the  Company  to  accelerate its cast resin transformer technology product research and  development  program,  which  is  now  utilized  in several  HPS  facilities.    The  2021  acquisition  of  Mesta Electronics, Inc. has expanded  HPS'  offering into standard and custom active filter and induction heating products.    Mesta  shares  an  excellent  reputation  for product  quality,  design  and  reliability.  Mesta  not  only expands  HPS'  U.S.  presence  but  also  broadens  our power  solutions  product  offering  and  manufacturing capabilities in power quality solutions. Mesta achieved significant revenue and profitability levels in 2022.

Looking  forward,  in  an  effort  to  deliver  resilient financial performance, HPS continues to concentrate on future sales growth, additional gross margin generation and  operational  improvement.  Globally  in  the  U.S., Canada and Asia, HPS is well situated to grow electrical industry market share and it continues to be a leader in the markets it serves.

The Company continues to build market presence through  its strong customer  relationships,  product

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

capabilities, product quality, cost effectiveness, service, channel development and geographical market expansion.    Booking  rates  and  backlog  continue  to increase in 2022 and are strong moving into 2023. The benefit of the HPS diversified market approach allows for  the  capitalization  of  growth  in  expanding  market segments, while counterbalancing the impact of cyclical market declines.

The Company  maintains a strong and stable balance  sheet  and  excellent  liquidity  supported  by a committed  credit  facility available  to  implement investment  strategies,  operational  plans  and  advance growth  initiatives.  The  Company's  North  American credit agreement was renegotiated in 2021 and matures in  June  2026.  This  agreement  provides  the  Company with the resources necessary to continue to grow and expand.

HPS  remains  confident  in  its  ability  to  continue to  generate  growth  -  through  our  strategic  vision merged with our operational strategies. Through HPS's  strategic  planning  process,  the  Company  is identifying  and  developing  new  market  opportunities, which will come from organic and new customer sales expansion, product and technology development, cost effectiveness, competitive lead-times and manufacturing flexibility. Our capabilities are extended through  our  multi-national  operations,  which  provide expanded market opportunities, allowing HPS to deliver results.  The  Company's  commitment  to  continuous improvement, cost reduction, improved efficiencies and overall cost effectiveness will assist in reaching these goals.  These strategies will improve and build revenue and profitability trends.

## Sales

Sales  in  2022  were  $558,464  as  compared  to  sales of  $380,202 in 2021, a significant increase of $178,262 or 46.9%.

U.S. and Mexico market sales (stated in Canadian dollars) were $349,710, an increase of $117,972, or 50.9%, compared to 2021 sales of $231,738.  U.S. and Mexico sales,  (stated  in  U.S.  dollars),  have  increased  from $184,900  in  2021  to  $268,733  in  2022,  an  increase  of $83,833 or 45.3%. Sales were positively impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar  versus  2021.  The  average  U.S.  to  Canadian exchange rate for 2022 was $1.301 versus $1.253 in 2021, a U.S. dollar strengthening of 3.8%.  The 2022 U.S. sales at prior year exchange rates would have been $12,858 or 3.7% lower at $336,852.

The U.S. market experienced significant increases in the OEM channel, with higher sales supporting product data  centres,  warehousing,  industrial  manufacturing, mining,  electric  vehicle  charging,  renewable  energy and oil and gas production.  Sales in the U.S. distributor channel  also  improved  due  to  strong  market  activity and market penetration as additional distributors continue to be added to the network.  There were also improvements in the specialty, motor control and power control markets which are partially offset by decreases in switchgear and private branding markets.

Canadian  sales  were  $184,495,  an  increase  of $54,311  or  41.7%  as  compared  to  sales  of  $130,184  in 2021.  The  Canadian  market  experienced  increases  in the  National  Association  of  Equipment  Distributors ('NAED') and technical services which were partially offset by declines in the mining and switch gear markets.

Indian sales in 2022 were $24,259, an increase of $5,979 or 32.7% compared to sales of $18,280 in 2021. The improvement of sales year-over-year is a result of a strong post-pandemic rebound in 2022 as the first half of 2021 was impacted by government-imposed lockdowns. As of December 31, 2022 there was a significant order for $7,596 produced and shipped from India that could not be recognized given sales terms of freight on board ('FOB') destination.  These sales will be recognized in Quarter 1, 2023.

Stated  by  geographic  segment,  sales  in  the  U.S. and Mexico were 62.6 % (2021 - 61.0 %), in Canada were 33.0 % (2021 - 34.2 %) and India accounted for 4.3 %

(2021 - 4.8 %) of total sales.

Significant increases in North American  sales came through established  NAED  and  OEM  channels. Distributor conversions and custom transformer capabilities  continues  to  contribute  to  HPS'  market share growth. The ability to continue to expand these segments is a result of new customer additions, organic customer  diversity,  expanded  product  offerings  and geographically diverse manufacturing capabilities.   In 2022, HPS launched its effort to sell its products into the Mexican market.  Although this effort is still in the beginning stages, HPS grew its sales there to over $5.1 million U.S. dollars in 2022.

In  July  2021,  HPS  acquired  the  Mesta  business, which  makes  active  harmonic  filters ('AHF'),  and induction heating products  ('IH').    AHF  were  an important addition to our power quality portfolio and IH are used in the manufacture of silicon carbide.  Sales for Mesta for 2022, stated in Canadian dollars, reached $14,507 (2021 - $1,042) and $11,148 (2021 - $820) stated in U.S. dollars.  Mesta was a strong contributor to the overall increase in sales.

During 2022, the Company  implemented two price increases, which were necessary to offset rapidly increasing  costs  in  commodities  (copper,  aluminum, insulation,  carbon  electrical  steel),  freight  and  other components  critical  to  manufacturing  transformers. HPS began to see the full effect of those increases in 2022, which is a significant driver of the increase over the prior year.  The cost increases were mainly the result of continued supply chain constraints, which continued, to  some  degree,  throughout  2022.  HPS  continues  to monitor  material  input  prices  and  while  a  significant decrease  in  overall  costs  is  not  evident  at  this  time, such a change could prompt lower prices in order to remain competitive.

HPS  continues  to  be  dedicated  to  its  growth strategy. The Company's focus on product development, capital expenditures to increase capacity, vertical

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

integration strategies, geographic diversification, innovative research and development projects and our expanded NAED network are all key components of this strategy.  Expanded  product  offerings,  the  addition  of new customers, geographically diverse manufacturing facilities and market influence will allow the Company to continue to grow market share globally and enable HPS as a leader in its chosen markets.

## Backlog

The Company's December 31, 2022 backlog has increased by 117.1% as compared to December 31, 2021 and  has  increased  13.3%  from  Quarter  3,  2022.  The combination of price increases and strong demand in the third and fourth quarters contributed to the recordhigh backlog. Both the direct and distributor channels contributed to higher demand towards the end of the year.  The  increased  bookings  were  across  a  number of market and geographical segments. As the backlog grows, product lead times are extended and the timing of shipments in the backlog become more uncertain in some cases extending to later in the year and beyond.

HPS is sensitive to the volatility and unpredictability of  current  global  economies  and  the  impact  that  this could  have  on  booking  trends.  While  several  markets are  seeing  positive  quotation  and  order  trends,  the Company is very cognizant that it may see some volatility and unpredictability in longer term booking rates. Some industry-related  factors  may  be  contributing  to  the higher booking rates and backlog, such as global supply chain constraints and low inventories and therefore may be temporary in nature.

## Gross margin

The consolidated gross margin rate in 2022 increased to 29.6% versus 26.9% in 2021, an increase of 2.7% of sales. The improvement in the margin rate is attributed to favourable sales mix, selling price increases, higher fixed cost absorption and cost reductions.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Gross  margins  were  affected  by  the  sales  mix, which was favourable throughout the course of 2022. Higher  distribution  sales,  which  typically  have  higher gross margins, but also higher selling costs contributed to higher margins.  Stronger Mesta sales also resulted in margin improvement.  In addition, HPS saw significant margin improvements in the Indian business.

During  2022,  HPS  estimates  an  organic  volume increase  of  10.0%-11.0%.    This  increase,  along  with similar  organic  increases  in  2021,  resulted  in  some facilities  operating  close  or  at  capacity.    This  volume increase resulted in higher fixed overhead leverage and as a result, higher gross margins.

In  the  interest  of  protecting  gross  margins,  HPS increased prices several times during 2021 and 2022. In the raising of prices, the Company has been proactive  in  anticipating  cost  increases,  judicious  in maintaining margins and conscientious of our customer relationships.    For  some  channels,  particularly  those with  longer  backlog  dates  and  lead  times  as  is  the case  in  our  OEM  and  private  label  channels,  raising prices is more difficult to do in a timely way due to the nature  of  the  contracts.    The  Company  believes  that some margin deterioration occurred during 2021 as we were catching up to cost increases. In Quarter 1, 2022 sales and margins were strong with relative stability in underlying  commodity  costs,  culminating  in  a  strong gross  margin.    By  contrast,  Quarter  2,  2022  prices were  once  again  lagging  the  cost  increases  brought on  by  global  supply  disruptions.  Two  additional  price increases  were  implemented  in  2022.  These  price increases partially affected Quarter 3, 2022 sales and fully  impacted  product  sold  in  Quarter  4,  2022.  While there remains higher than normal volatility in costs, we have  seen  a  positive  impact  on  margins,  in  the  latter half of 2022. Some material input costs stabilized while others continued to increase due to underlying inflation.

The  Company's  ability  to  source  materials  and maintain a continuous supply to meet demand, exacerbated by global logistical disruptions, has a significant impact on sales and margins. The manufacture of transformers requires copper, aluminum and electrical steel. All of these commodities, particularly electrical steel, have seen significant price increases  driven  mainly  by  supply  constraints.    The second half of 2022 saw less volatility in pricing. Given the challenges and strain on the global supply markets HPS has heightened the focus on ensuring that materials required for production are received on a timely basis and when needed.

Fluctuating markets and product mix may still have a  short-term  impact  on  financial  results.  The  global impact of the COVID-19 pandemic has impacted HPS' results  over  the  past  two  years.  Looking  forward,  the lessening impact of the economic, social and industrial aspects of the pandemic, combined with an increasing backlog,  offset  by  indicators  of  a  looming  recession, allow for cautious optimism into 2023.

Quotation activity, improving bookings and backlog since the end of 2020 as well as an encouraging sales outlook support optimism for the future. Looking ahead, HPS  remains  cautiously  optimistic  for  the  future  as growth  will  be  realized  in  some  markets  along  with a  decline  in  others  -  underscoring  the  volatility  of markets and sales demand. Over the past few years to manage the impact of volatility, the Company widened its  distributor  footprint  in  North  America,  expanded its  Indian  market  presence,  implemented  engineering and material cost reduction initiatives, invested in new product  development  and  broadened  manufacturing capabilities. A diversified geographic approach supports anticipated growth from implemented market strategies and subsequent economic improvement.

While some growth strategies can have a shorter-

term dilutive effect on gross margin rates, the Company continues  to  focus  on  long-term  investment  to  fuel future growth. Gross margin rates are supported by the maintenance of market prices combined with material procurement and engineering cost reduction initiatives. While the Company has reaped the benefits of higher absorption  of  factory  overheads  due  to  the  increased sales volume, we continue to implement a number of cost reduction and expense management initiatives to protect  our  margin  rates.    HPS  continues  to  commit resources to its  continuous  improvement program, which will result in implementing productivity enhancements, cost reductions and lead-time improvements across the entire organization.

Margin  rates  can  be  sensitive  to  selling  price pressures, volatility in  commodity  costs,  customer mix and geographic blend. HPS' focus during the year has  been  on  execution  of  its  selling  price  realization strategies  and  achievement  of  cost  reductions  in  an effort to protect margin rates.

## Selling and distribution expenses

Total  selling  and  distribution  expenses  were  $62,263 for 2022 versus $46,459 in 2021, an increase of $15,804 or 34.0%. On a percentage-of-sales basis, total selling and  distribution  expense  decreased  to  11.1%  of  sales for 2022 from 12.2% in 2021. The higher sales value for the year resulted in additional commission expense of $6,838 and higher freight expense of $5,309 which are variable  selling  expenses  that  naturally  fluctuate  with sales changes. The Canadian Emergency Wage Subsidy ('CEWS')  benefit  in  2021  was  $352  or  0.1%  of  sales, there  was  no  CEWS  wage  support  recorded  in  2022. Approximately $1,366, or 0.2% of selling and distribution expenses  increase  relates  to  strategic  investments  in people resources, as well as increased incentive plan payments related to higher sales and profits.

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

## General and administrative expense

General  and  administrative  expenses  in  2022  were $43,481  compared  to  $32,821  for  2021,  an  increase  of $10,660 or 32.5%. On a percentage-of-sales basis these costs have decreased from 8.6% in 2021 to 7.8% in 2022. Key drivers for the current year increase are as follows:

-  The CEWS benefit related to general and administrative employees in 2021 was $649 or 0.1% of sales, there was no CEWS wage support recorded in 2022;
-  Approximately $3,805 of the increase in the current year is associated  with  strategic investments  in people  resources  and  incentive  plans.  There  were critical roles replaced during 2021 as a large number of individuals within the organization retired;
-  The Mesta acquisition contributed an additional $854 to the general and administrative expenses;
-  Additional  general  and  administrative  expenses  of $1,252 relate to the new infrastructure in Mexico;
-  Additional investment in information technology contributed  additional  expenses  of  $1,734  related  to maintenance contracts;
-  The higher share price and additional awards granted in  Quarter  1,  2022  has  caused  the  DSU  expense  to increase $973 from prior year;
-  Bad  debt  expense has increased $877 in 2022 over 2021,  $344  of  this  increase  is  relating  to  a  specific customer,  remainder  of  the  increase  is  a  general provision and  not representative of a pervasive problem; and
-  Contingent consideration related to the Mesta acquisition increased general and administrative expenses $940,000.

HPS continues to invest in growth while remaining very  cognizant  of  prudent  general  and  administrative expense management.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Earnings from operations 1

Earnings from operations improved, finishing at $59,441 in  2022,  as  compared  to  earnings  of  $23,151  in  2021 -  an  increase  of  $36,290  or  156.8%.  The  increase  in earnings  from  operations  is  due  to  higher  sales  and additional gross margin dollars, offset by higher selling, distribution, general and administrative expenses.

Earnings from operations are calculated as outlined in the following table:

| 2022  2021  Net earnings for the year  $   44,828  $  15,176  Add:  Income tax expense  12,341  6,074  Finance and other costs  2,272  1,901  Earnings from operations  $      59,441  $       23,151   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Net Finance and other costs

Net finance and other costs increased $371 from $1,901 in 2021 to $2,272 in 2022. The increase from the prior year is a result of a foreign exchange gain in the current year  and  a  loss  in  the  prior  year,  as  well  as  higher interest expense and additional expenses related to the acquisition  of  the  Company's  portion  of  the  previous joint venture Corefficient.

Interest  expense  for  the  year-ended  December 31,  2022  finished  at  $1,596  as  compared  to  $1,301  in 2021, an increase of $295. Interest expense includes all bank fees.

The foreign exchange gain in 2022 of $96 related primarily to the transactional exchange gain on the  Company's  U.S.  dollar  ('USD')  trade  accounts receivable, compared to a foreign exchange loss of $561 in 2021. The change of the foreign exchange expense for the year is related to the volatility in the exchange rates during the year - primarily the U.S. dollar.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  had outstanding  foreign  exchange  contracts  in  place  for 17,350 Euros ('EUR') and $23,275 USD - both of which

1  Refer to Non-GAAP financial measures on page 20 of this annual report

2  Effective tax rate is calculated as the income tax expense divided by the earnings before income taxes.

were implemented as a hedge against translation gains and losses on inter-company loans as well as $72,000 USD  to  hedge  the  U.S.  dollar  denominated  accounts payable  in  Canadian  HPS  operations.  The  Company also had outstanding foreign exchange contracts to sell for 34,700 EUR and $61,189 USD.

Exchange rate volatility is managed by HPS' foreign exchange  contract  hedging  program.  Details  of  the outstanding  forward  foreign  exchange  contracts  at December 31, 2022 can be found in note 27 in the Notes to  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  included  in  our 2022 Annual Report.

## Earnings before income tax

2022  earnings  before  income  taxes  were  $57,169  as compared to earnings of $21,250 in 2021 - growing by $35,919 or 169.0%. The main contributors to the higher current  year  earnings  before  income  tax  were  higher sales and additional gross margin dollars. These gains were offset by increases in selling, distribution, general and administration expense and no government wage subsidy support in the current year.

## Income taxes

Income  tax  expense  from  operations  for  2022  was $12,341 as compared to $6,074 in 2021 - an increase of $6,267 or 103.2%. The consolidated effective tax rate 2  on earnings from operations for 2022 decreased to 21.6% versus 28.6% last year - a decrease of 7.0%.

The large decline in the effective tax rate for 2022 relates  to  the  deferred  tax  asset  generated  by  the improved profitability of Corefficent during 2022, after the business combination date of February 28, 2022.

The  Company's  deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities are  related  to  temporary  differences  in  various  tax jurisdictions, primarily reserves and allowances, which are  not  deductible  in  the  current  year.  A  difference  in the carrying value of property, plant and equipment and

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

intangible assets for accounting purposes and for tax purposes is a result of business combination accounting and a different basis of depreciation utilized for tax purposes. The Company's income tax provision is explained further in note 16 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2022 Annual Report.

## Net earnings

Net earnings for 2022 finished at $44,828 compared to net earnings of $15,176 in 2021, an increase of $29,652 or 195.4%. The main contributors to the higher current year net earnings were higher sales and additional gross margin dollars. These gains were offset by increases in selling, distribution, general and administration expenses, no government wage subsidy support in the current year and the lower effective tax rate in 2022.

## EBITDA

EBITDA for the year-ended December 31, 2022 was $69,746 versus $30,114 in 2021 - an increase of $39,632 or 131.6%. Adjusted for foreign exchange loss/gain, adjusted EBITDA for 2022 was $69,650 versus $30,675 in 2021 - an increase of $38,975 or 127.1%.

EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are calculated as outlined in the following table:

| 2022  2021  Net earnings  $  44,828  $  15,176  Add:  Interest expense  1,596  1,301  Income tax expense  12,341  6,074  Depreciation and amortization  10,981  7,563  EBITDA  $  69,746  $  30,114  Add (subtract):  Foreign exchange (gain) loss  (96)  561  Adjusted EBITDA  $  69,650  $  30,675   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Summary of quarterly financial information (unaudited)

| Fiscal 2022 Quarters  Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  Total  Sales  $  127,782  $  137,476  $  148,953  $  144,253  $  558,464  Net earnings  $  8,569  $  6,505  $  11,531  $  18,223  $  44,828  Net earnings per share - basic  $  0.72  $  0.55  $  0.97  $  1.55  $  3.79  Net earnings per share - diluted  $  0.72  $  0.55  $  097  $  1.53  $  3.77  Average U.S. to Canadian  exchange rate  $  1.267  $  1.276  $  1.305  $  1.358  $  1.301  Fiscal 2021 Quarters  Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  Total  Sales  $  80,121  $  88,277  $  95,526  $  116,278  $  380,202  Net earnings  $  2,298  $  4,689  $  3,948  $  4,241  $  15,176  Net earnings per share - basic  $  0.19  $  0.40  $  0.34  $  0.36  $  1.29  Net earnings per share - diluted  $  0.19  $  0.40  $  0.34  $  0.35  $  1.28  Average U.S. to Canadian  exchange rate  $  1.268  $  1.231  $  1.257  $  1.258  $  1.253   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

HPS sales have increased quarter-over-quarter for the past two years.  The increase in sales is a function of increased pricing, additional market share and volume and additional sales related to a full year of Mesta, which was acquired in July 2021. There has been an upward trend over the past eight quarters due to an overall improvement in general economic activity. Sales in the current year were positively impacted by the stronger U.S. dollar exchange.

Higher sales have translated into additional profits as the additional volumes absorb more factory expenses than in the prior year.

Changing and challenging economic conditions, changes in product mix and competitive pricing pressures have all had an impact on the year-over-year quarterly fluctuations for both sales and income.

## Quarter 4, 2022 financial results

| Quarter ended  December 31, 2022  Quarter ended  December 31, 2021  Sales  $  144,253  $  116,278  Gross margin rate  34.4%  27.4%  Earnings from operations  $  20,369  $  6,220  Exchange (gain) loss  $  (847)  $  129  Net earnings  $  18,223  $  4,241  Earnings per share - basic  $  1.55  $  0.36  Earnings per share - diluted  $  1.53  $  0.35  Cash provided by operations  $  1,837  $  19,900   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sales for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 were $144,253, an increase of $27,975 or 24.1% from the comparative quarter last year. Sales were higher mainly due to price increases, higher exchange rates and higher volumes in the U.S. distributor and OEM channels.

Gross margin rates for the fourth quarter have increased from the same quarter last year by 7.0% from 27.4% in 2021 to 34.4% in 2022. The gross margin in the quarter was higher than what would be expected primarily due to inventory adjustments, and a favourable sales mix.

Total selling and distribution expenses amounted to $16,071 in Quarter 4, 2022 versus $14,559 in Quarter 4, 2021 - an increase of $1,512. Selling and distribution expenses as a percentage of sales have decreased to 11.1% in 2022 compared to 12.5% in 2021, a decrease of 1.4% of sales. The increases were a result of higher commission and freight variable expenses.

General and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales have decreased to 9.2% in 2022 compared to 9.5% in 2021. General and administrative expenses for Quarter 4, 2022 totaled $13,207, an increase of $2,152 when compared to Quarter 4, 2021 costs of $11,055. The Mesta acquisition expenses, new infrastructure in Mexico and additional salary and incentive costs also account for the increase in the quarter.

Quarter 4, 2022 net finance and other costs were $367 compared to $490 for the same quarter in 2021, a decrease of $123 or 25.1%. The Quarter 4, 2022 interest cost increased from $368 in Quarter 4, 2021 to $536 in Quarter 4, 2022. Foreign exchange gain in Quarter 4, 2022 was $847 compared to a foreign exchange loss of $129 in Quarter 4, 2021.

Earnings from operations for the quarter were $20,369 in 2022 and $6,220 in 2021, an increase of $14,149.  Additional gross margin dollars were offset by higher general, administrative, selling and distribution expenses.

Quarter 4, 2022 income tax expense was $1,779 on earnings before income taxes of $20,002 (an effective tax rate of 8.9%) as compared to an income tax expense of $1,489 on income before income taxes of $5,730 (an effective tax rate of 26.0%) in Quarter 4, 2021.  The lower Quarter 4, 2022 effective tax rate is result of a significant deferred tax assets at year-end. The deferred tax adjustment relates to the deferred tax asset generated by the improved profitability of Corefficient during 2022, after the business combination date of February 28, 2022.

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Net income  for Quarter 4, 2022  was  $18,223 compared to net income of $4,241 in Quarter 4, 2021 an improvement of $13,982.

Cash provided by operations for Quarter 4, 2022 was $5,352 versus $19,900 in Quarter 4, 2021 - a decrease of  $14,548.  The  main  driver  for  this  change  was  cash used for working capital of $22,858 for Quarter 4, 2022 versus cash generated by working capital of $9,447 for Quarter 4, 2021, a decline of $32,305.

Overall  net  operating  cash  balance 1   was  $21,972 as  at  December  31  2022,  an  improvement  of  $20,334 as  compared  to  a  net  operating  debt  balance  of $1,638  as  at  December  31,  2021,  primarily  reflecting improved profitability.

## Capital resources and liquidity

The Company continued to focus on generating cash from operations, debt management, investment and liquidity.

Cash provided from operating activities during 2022 was $37,013 versus $20,447 in 2021, an increase in cash generated  of  $16,566  or  81.0%.  This  increase  in  cash generated from operating activities was due to higher profitability, offset by an increase in non-cash working capital  versus  2021.  Non-cash  working  capital  used cash of $19,539 in 2022 versus $4,777 in 2021, resulting in an increase of $14,762 from 2021. The change in noncash  working  capital  in  2022  was  primarily  a  result of increases in inventory offset by increases in accounts payable and deferred revenue.

Accounts  receivable  finished  the  year  at  $86,701 as  compared  to  $72,004  as  at  December  31,  2021, an  increase  of  $14,697  -  a  result  of  higher  sales  in Quarter  4,  2022  compared  to  Quarter  4,  2021.  HPS' days  sales  outstanding  ratio  remains  stable,  which can be attributed to effective credit policies and tightly managed accounts receivable administration.

Inventories  finished  the  year  at  $106,353  as  at

December 31, 2022, versus $62,467 as at December 31, 2021, an increase of $43,886. The higher inventory levels in 2022 were attributed to increased sales volume, and the higher cost of raw materials. Mesta and Corefficient account for $11,912 of the increase in inventory for 2022.

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, excluding derivative  and  share-based  compensation  liabilities, increased by $21,292 finishing at $92,025 as at December 31,  2022 compared to $70,733 at the end of 2021. The change  in  accounts  payable  is  due  to  higher  sales volumes,  higher  raw  materials  costs,  higher  accruals and  the  timing  of  purchases  from  and  payments  to suppliers.

Net  income  taxes  payable 2   were  $347  (income taxes  receivable  of  $1,995  less  income  taxes  payable of $2,342) as at December 31, 2022, versus net income taxes payable of $1,181 (income taxes receivable of $807 less income taxes payable of $1,988) as at December 31, 2021 - a change of $834 due to changes in the effective tax rate.

Cash  used  in  financing  activities  was  $22,303 in  2022, compared to cash used of $4,257 in 2021, an increase of $18,046. The change in the balance can be attributed to repayment from the operating line in 2022 compared  to  advances  on  the  bank  operating  lines in 2021.

Cash used in investing activities in 2022 increased $1,760 from $10,914 in 2021 to $12,674 in 2022.  The prior year value included the Mesta acquisition in the amount of $5,032 and the current year value included payments to National related to Corefficient.  There was an increase in  capital  spending for property, plant and equipment of $3,595 over the prior year, totaling $8,646 in 2022 compared to $5,051 for 2021. The Company continues to invest in the areas of manufacturing processes and capabilities as well as information technology.

Bank operating lines of credit finished the year at $6,154  as  at  December  31,  2022,  compared  to  $19,267

1  Overall net operating cash balance is the bank operating lines of credit of $6,154 net of cash and cash equivalents of $28,126

2  Net income taxes payable consists of income taxes payable of $2,342 less income taxes receivable of $1,995 .

as  at  December  31,  2021  resulting  in  a  decrease  of $13,113  in  the  year.  The  Company  had  cash  and  cash equivalent balances of $28,126 as at December 31, 2022 as compared to $20,905 as at December 31, 2021.

Overall  net  operating  cash  balance    was  $21,972 as  at  December  31  2022,  an  improvement  of  $20,334 as compared to a net operating debt balance of $1,638 as at December 31, 2021, primarily reflecting improved profitability and cash generated from operations.

All  bank  covenants  were  met  as  at  December  31, 2022,  and  the  Company  was  in  compliance  with  its covenants throughout the year.

The  Company's  liquidity  is  strong.  HPS  is  well funded, with sufficient cash and debt capacity to fund its operating activities,  investments  and  strategic  growth initiatives.  The  Company  has  several  alternatives  to fund future capital requirements, including its existing cash position, credit facility, future operating cash flows and debt financing. The Company continually evaluates these  options  to  ensure  that  the  appropriate  mix  of capital resources is effectively managed for current and future requirements.

The Company has outstanding capital expenditure commitments of $3,484. These planned capital investments are focused on areas targeted to increase capacity and reduce lead times for low voltage, power  quality  and  induction  heating  products.  These investments are also expected to support HPS' supply chain  resilience  initiatives.  HPS  intends  to  focus  the capital  program  primarily  in  Mexico  and  the  United States.  In  Mexico,  HPS  is  planning  to  set  up  an approximately 80,000 square foot small products facility, while also adding equipment to existing facilities there. HPS also expects to expand its manufacturing capacity at the Mesta location in Pennsylvania, USA, as well as its facility in Guelph, Ontario.

Additional details of our change in non-cash working capital can be found in note 25 in the Notes

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our 2022 Annual Report.

## Joint venture

The  Company  and  National  Material  L.P.  ('National') have  operated  the  joint  venture  in  Monterrey,  Mexico under the name Corefficient S. de R.L. de C.V.  Effective February  28,  2022,  the  Company  and  National  have amicably  agreed  to  divide  the  operations,  with  HPS retaining  certain  equipment,  employees,  obligations and other financial assets and liabilities, and National withdrawing certain assets and capital in exchange for redeeming  their  ownership  interest.  The  Corefficient name  was  also  retained  by  National.  The  operation continues to produce transformer cores to supply the Group's facilities in Mexico.

Total consideration received by National in connection with this transaction was $10,809 comprised of inventory valued  at $1,705, property, plant  and equipment valued at $5,589 and a note payable in the amount of $3,515,  repayable  in  six  equal  installments, due monthly commencing March 2022. The agreement calls  for  adjustments  to  the  consideration  in  respect of possible  realization of certain tax attributes  by March 2023.

As a result  of  this  transaction,  the  Company  now owns  100%  of  the  equity  and  voting  interests  of  the former  Corefficient  (referred  to  here  as  'Corefficient') and continues to operate the entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.  As the Company has acquired control  of  Corefficient,  the  transaction  constitutes  a business  combination.  The  Company  measured  the fair  value  of  its  previously  held  interest  in  Corefficient immediately prior to obtaining control and determined it  to  be  equivalent to its carrying value and continued the  business  within  Hammond  Power  Solutions  Latin America S. de R.L. de C.V.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The allocation of the fair value of the acquired business is as follows:

| (in thousands of dollars)  Cash  $  3,393  Accounts receivable  16,513  Inventories and other assets  1,459  Property, plant and equipment  5,317  Deferred future tax asset  2,431  Assets  $       29,113  Current liabilities  $  (15,900)  Fair value of business acquired  $     13,213   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Contractual obligations

The following table outlines payments due for each of the next 5 years and thereafter related to debt, lease, purchase and other long-term obligations.

| 2023  2024  2025  2026  2027 &amp;  Thereafter  Total  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  $  92,025  -  -  -  -  $  92,025  Capital expenditure purchase commitments  3,484  -  -  -  -  3,484  Operating lines of credit  6,154  -  -  -  -  6,154  Derivative liability  276  -  -  -  -  276  Lease liabilities  3,198  2,979  2,090  733  103  9,103  Contingent consideration  1,509  1,337  -  -  -  2,846  Total  $  106,646  $  4,316  $   2,090  $    733  $  103  $  113,888   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Hammond Power Solutions S.p.A - Italy

As part of the Vacuum Pressure Impregnated (VPI) asset sale agreement, the lease agreement relating to the Meledo, Italy  building  includes  a  put  and  call  sale  option  related  to  the  leased  premises,  exercisable  within  60  days  after September 30, 2023.  The call option grants the purchaser an option to purchase the premises from the Company for consideration equal to 2,225 Euros ('EUR'). The plant purchase price will be reduced by 50% of the monthly rent installments received, to a maximum of 375 EUR (approximately $513). If the purchaser does not execute the call option HPS can exercise its put option which grants HPS an option to sell the plant to the purchaser for consideration equal to the same plant purchase price. If the purchaser rejects the put option, the purchaser will pay 500 EUR (approximately $685) as liquidated damages.

## Contingent liabilities

In June 2017, the Corporation received notice of an environmental claim from the owner of a property    located nearby to a property that was once partially owned by the Corporation. At this time, the Company feels that there is no merit to the claim.

Management is not aware of any further contingent liabilities, other than contingent consideration issued in connection with the acquisition of Mesta and Corefficient.  Refer  to  note  30  to  the  Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

## Regular quarterly dividend

The Board of Directors of HPS declared quarterly cash dividend of eight and a half cents ($0.085) per Class A Subordinate Voting Share of HPS and of eight and a half cents ($0.085) per Class B Common Share of HPS, for the first quarter of 2022. The Board of Directors of HPS declared  quarterly  cash  dividend  of  ten  cents  ($0.10) per Class A Subordinate Voting Share of HPS and ten cents ($0.10) per Class B Common Share of HPS, for the second, third and fourth quarters of 2022

The Quarter 1 dividend was paid on March 24, 2022 to  shareholders  of  record  at  the  close  of  business  on March 17,  2022  -  the  ex-dividend  date  was  March  16, 2022. The Quarter 2 dividend was paid on June 28, 2022 to shareholders of record at the close of business on the 21st day of June 2022 - the ex-dividend date was June 21, 2022. The dividend for Quarter 3 was paid on September 23,  2022  to  shareholders  of  record  at  the  close  of business on September 16, 2022 - the ex-dividend date was September 15, 2022. The Quarter 4 dividend was paid on December 15, 2022 to shareholders of record at the close of business on December 8, 2022 - the exdividend date was December 7, 2022.

In 2022, the Company has paid a total cash dividend of  thirty-eight  and  a  half  cents  ($0.385)  per  Class  A Subordinate  Voting  Share  and  thirty-eight  and  a  half cents ($0.385) per Class B Common Share.  In 2021, the Company had paid a total cash dividend of thirty-four cents ($0.34) per Class A Subordinate Voting Share and thirty-four cents ($0.34) per Class B Common Share.

## Controls and procedures

The  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  the  Chief  Financial Officer are responsible for establishing and maintaining

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

disclosure controls and procedures and for establishing and maintaining adequate internal controls over financial reporting. The control framework used in the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over  financial  reporting  is  the  2013  Internal  Control Integrated  Framework  issued  by  the  Committee  of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ('2013 COSO Framework'). Our internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our Management  and  Board  of  Directors  regarding  the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with International Financial Reporting  Standards.  All  internal  control  systems,  no matter  how  well  designed,  have  inherent  limitations, therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.

As at December 31, 2022, the Company conducted an  evaluation,  under  the  direction  and  supervision of  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  the  Chief  Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of  our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures.  Based  on this  evaluation,  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022 such disclosure controls and procedures were operating effectively.

## Internal controls over financial reporting

Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining  adequate  internal  controls  over  financial reporting.  Our  internal  control  system  was  designed to  provide  reasonable  assurance  to  our  Management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial  statements in  accordance  with  International  Financial  Reporting Standards. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only  reasonable  assurance  with  respect  to  financial statement preparation and presentation.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Canadian  Securities  Administrators  require  that companies certify the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting. It also requires a company to use a control framework such as the COSO Framework to design internal controls over financial reporting. As well, the threshold for reporting a weakness of internal controls over financial reporting should be of a 'material weakness' rather than 'reportable deficiency.' HPS has designed  its  internal  controls  in  accordance  with  the COSO Framework and has carried out retesting in 2022, which was completed in the fourth quarter.

As  of  December  31,  2022  Management,  with  the supervision  and  participation  of  the  Chief  Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  control  over financial  reporting.  Based  on  that  assessment,  the Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer have concluded that the internal controls are effective and  that  there  were  no  material  weaknesses  in  the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022.

## Changes in internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures

During 2022 there were no material changes identified in  HPS'  internal  controls  over  financial  reporting  that had  materially  affected  or  were  reasonably  likely  to materially  affect  HPS'  internal  control  over  financial reporting. HPS does carry out ongoing improvements to its internal controls over financial reporting, but nothing was considered at a material level.

## Subsequent events

## Dividends

On March 7,  2023,  the  Company  declared  a  dividend of twelve and  a half cents ($0.125) per Class A subordinate voting shares of HPS and a quarterly cash dividend of twelve and a half cents ($0.125) per Class B common shares of HPS payable on March 23, 2023

to  shareholders  of  record  at  the  close  of  business  on March 16, 2023. The ex-dividend date is March 15, 2023.

## Risks and uncertainties

The Company's goal is to proactively manage risks in a  structured  approach  in  conjunction  with  strategic planning,  with  the  intent  to  preserve  and  enhance shareholder value. However, as with most businesses, HPS is subject to a number of marketplace, industry and economic-related business risks, which could cause our results to vary materially from anticipated future results. The Company is aware of these risks and continually assesses the current and potential impacts that they have on the business. HPS continuously strives to curtail the negative impact of these risks through diversification of its core business, market channel expansion, breadth of product offering, geographic diversity of its operations and business hedging strategies.

## Market supply and demand impact on commodity prices

HPS  relies  on  a  global  supply  chain  to  meet  its manufacturing  needs.  The  Company  sources  both raw materials and components from our own factories and  third-party  suppliers.  Industry  supply  shortages including those caused by logistics disruptions and global conflicts, may  interrupt manufacturing production, therefore affecting our ability to ship product to customers. The Company attempts to mitigate these risks through strategic supply line agreements.

The  cyclical  effects  and  unprecedented  rise  of global  commodity  prices,  including  prices  for  copper, aluminum  and  electrical  steel  may  put  margins  at risk.  There  is  a  risk  in  our  ability  to  recoup  the  rapid escalating commodity costs through timely and effective selling price increases.  Conversely, there is a risk that decreasing  commodity  costs  will  create  competitive price pressure in our market, forcing prices down and reducing our gross margins.

## Other business risks

If  any  of  the  following  risks  were  to  occur,  they  could materially  adversely  affect  HPS'  financial  condition, liquidity or results of operations.

## Risk of cyber attack

Globally there have been increased incidences of  outside  cyber  attacks  and  viruses  on  companies' information infrastructure and technologies. A successful cyber attack could result in misappropriation of  assets,  cause  interruptions  to  manufacturing  and our ability to take orders, as well as impact our general productivity.  This risk is reduced through a number of initiatives to mitigate exposure, including a transition to cloud-based  applications,  periodic  risk  assessments, and  more  robust  practices  around  employee  training and awareness and system updates.

## We may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or strategic initiatives, or these benefits may take longer to realize than expected.

In order to be profitable, the Company must successfully execute  upon  its  strategic  initiatives  and  effectively manage  the  resulting  changes  in  its  operations.  The Company's assumptions underlying its strategic initiatives  may  be  subjective,  the  market  may  react negatively to these plans and HPS may not be able to successfully  execute  these  plans.  Even  if  successfully executed,  the  initiatives  may  not  be  effective  or  may not lead to the anticipated benefits within the expected time frame.

HPS'  strategic  initiatives  can  include  acquisitions and  joint  ventures.  To  be  successful,  management will conduct due diligence to identify valuation issues and potential loss contingencies, negotiate transaction terms, complete complex transactions and manage  post-closing  matters  such  as  the  integration

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

of  acquired  startup  businesses.  Management's  due diligence  reviews  are  subject  to  the  completeness and  accuracy  of  disclosures  made  by  third  parties. The Company may incur unanticipated costs or expenses following a completed acquisition, including post-closing asset impairment charges, expenses associated with eliminating duplicate facilities, litigation or other liabilities.

Many  of  the  factors  that  could  have  an  adverse impact  will  be  outside  of  management's  control  and could result in increased  costs  and  decreases  in the  amount  of  expected  revenues  and  diversion  of management's time and attention. Failure to implement an acquisition strategy, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, could have an adverse effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and  result of operations.

## We sell to customers around the world and have global operations and, therefore, are subject to the risks of doing business in many countries.

HPS  does  business  in  a  host  of  countries  around the  world.  Approximately  70%  of  our  sales  are  to customers outside of Canada. In addition, several of our manufacturing  operations,  suppliers  and  employees are located in many places around the world. The  future  success  of  our  business  depends  in  large part on growth in our sales in non-Canadian markets. Our global operations are subject to numerous financial, legal and operating risks, such as political and economic instability; prevalence of corruption in certain countries; enforcement of contract and intellectual property rights;  and  compliance  with  existing  and  future  laws, regulations  and  policies,  including  those  related  to tariffs,  investments,  taxation,  trade  controls,  product content and performance, employment and repatriation of earnings.

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Our global business translates into conducting business in various currencies, all of which are subject to fluctuations.

HPS' global footprint exposes the Company to currency  fluctuations  and  volatility  and,  at  times,  has had a significant impact on the financial results of the Company.  The  Company's  functional  currency  is  the Canadian dollar  with  its  operating  results  reported  in Canadian dollars. A significant portion of the Company's sales and material purchases are denominated in U.S. dollars. There is a natural hedge, as sales denominated in  U.S.  dollars  are  largely  offset  by  the  cost  of  raw materials  purchased  from  the  U.S.  and  commodities tied  to  U.S.  dollar  pricing.  A  change  in  the  value  of the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar will impact earnings, significantly at times. Generally, a lower value for the Canadian dollar compared to the U.S. dollar will have  a  beneficial  impact  on  the  Company's  results, while a higher value for the Canadian dollar compared to  the  U.S.  dollar  will  have  a  corresponding  negative impact on the Company's profitability.

HPS  has  partially  reduced  the  impact  of  foreign exchange  fluctuations  by  increasing  our  U.S.  dollar driven  manufacturing  output,  periodically  instituting price  increases  to  help  offset  negative  changes  and entering into forward foreign exchange contracts.

## Worldwide HPS is subject to, and required to comply with, multiple income and other taxes, regulations and is exposed to uncertain tax liabilities risk.

The Company operates and is subject to income tax and other  forms  of  taxation  in  numerous  tax  jurisdictions. Taxation  laws  and  rates,  which  determine  taxation expenses, may vary significantly in different jurisdictions, and legislation governing taxation laws and rates is also subject to change. Therefore, the Company's earnings may  be  impacted  by  changes  in  the  proportion  of earnings  taxed  in  different  jurisdictions,  changes  in taxation  rates,  changes  in  estimates  of  liabilities  and changes  in  a  number  of  other  forms  of  taxation.  Tax structures are subject to review by both domestic and foreign  taxation  authorities.  Tax  filings  are  subject  to audits,  which  could  materially  change  the  amount  of current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities.

We face the potential harms of natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, international conflicts or other disruptions to our operations. Our  business  depends  on  the  movement  of  goods around the world. Natural disasters, pandemics, acts or threats of war or terrorism, international conflicts,  political  instability  and  the  actions  taken  by governments  could  cause  damage  to  or  disrupt  our business  operations,  our  suppliers  or  our  customers and could create economic instability. Although it is not possible to predict such events or their consequences, these events could decrease demand for our products make it difficult or impossible to deliver our products or disrupt our global material sourcing.

## Political uncertainty and potential for changes in the business environment can lead to legislative changes that could impact business.

Changing  legislative  mandates  in  the  countries  with which we do business may result in several geopolitical risks  that  could  be  challenging  for  the  Company.  The impact  of  these  political  changes  can  be  difficult  to predict and can have a pervasive impact on the global business  climate.  Changes  in  political  leaders  can impact trade relations  as  well  as  taxes  and/or  duties. HPS'  current  structure  includes  a  significant  amount of  business  that  crosses  borders  and  any  changes  in the current trade structure could have a material impact for us. HPS' global footprint will be critical to mitigating any impact for political changes that would modify the current trade relationships.

## Our industry is highly competitive.

HPS faces competition in all of our market segments. Current  and  potential  competitors  may  have  greater brand name recognition, more established distribution networks, access to larger customer bases and substantially  greater  financial,  distribution,  technical, sales and market, manufacturing and other resources than  HPS  does.  As  a  result,  those  competitors  may have  advantages  relative  to  HPS;  including  stronger bargaining power with suppliers that may result in more favourable pricing, the ability to secure supplies at time of  shortages,  economies  of  scale  in  production,  the ability  to  respond more quickly to changing customer demands and the ability to devote greater resources to the development, promotion and sales of their products and services. If  HPS  is  unable  to  compete  effectively, it  may  experience  a  loss  of  market  share  or  reduced profitability.  We  expect  the  level  of  competition  to remain high in the future.

## Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions in the industries we serve.

Current global economic conditions influence the Company's focus, direction, strategic initiatives and  financial  performance.  To  address  the  current uncertainty,  we  are  focusing  our  efforts  on  projects that  will  increase  our  market  reach,  advance our cost competitiveness,  expand  capacity  and  improve  our manufacturing flexibility.

The Company believes that being an agile organization will hold even  greater importance  in its ability to  respond  quickly  to  both  unexpected opportunities and challenges. HPS' management believes that the key to expanding our market share is growing our access to a variety of domestic and global markets. This will be achieved through our current and new OEM and distributor channels.

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

## The disruption to businesses that can come from unpredictable weather can have an impact on sales volume as customer projects can be delayed or cancelled.

Extreme  weather  conditions such as heavy rains, flooding, snowfall, tornadoes and hurricanes can potentially  have  a  negative  impact  on  the  Company's sales trends and booking rates. When these conditions are present, the Company may see short-term effects of such occurrences due to their unpredictability. This may impact delivery and capacity requirements.

## The  business  practice  of  extending  credit  to customers can lead to a risk of uncollectability.

A substantial portion of  the  Company's  accounts receivable are with customers in manufacturing sectors and are subject to credit risks normal to those industries. The Company's  expansion into emerging markets increases credit risk. This risk is partially mitigated by management's  credit  policy  under  which  each  new customer is analysed individually for creditworthiness before the Company's standard payment and delivery terms  and  conditions  are  offered.  The  Company's review  includes  external  ratings,  if  they  are  available, financial statements, credit agency information, industry information  and  in  some  cases  bank  references.  Sale limits are established for each customer and reviewed quarterly.  Any  sales  exceeding  those  limits  require approval  from  Executive  management.  Although  the Company has historically  incurred  very  low  bad  debt expense, the current economic environment conditions elevate this exposure and the Company's future collection rate may differ from its historical experience.

## Coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic - business disruption/interruption

Markets, governments and health organizations around the  world  have  been  impacted  by  the  COVID-19 pandemic.  The  COVID-19  pandemic  has  presented

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

a  wide  range  of  issues  and  complications  for  the Company,  some  of  which  the  Company  is  unable  to know the full extent.

Looking forward there is guarded business optimism,  as  some  uncertainty  and  unpredictability persists  on  the  impacts  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic on the business climate and governmental and health authorities' legislation. The full negative financial impact of the unprecedented pandemic will not be fully known until the economy fully recovers.

## Off-balance sheet arrangements

The Company has no off-Balance Sheet arrangements, other  than  capital  commitments  disclosed  in  note  15 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in our 2022 Annual Report.

## Transactions with related parties

The  Company  had  transactions  with  related  parties in  2022,  as  disclosed  in  note  23  in  the  Notes  to  the Consolidated  Financial  Statements  contained  in  our 2022 Annual Report.

## Proposed transactions

The  Company  had  no  proposed  transactions  as  at December 31, 2022. The Company continues to evaluate potential business expansion initiatives in accordance with its long-term growth strategy.

## Financial instruments

The Company's financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, long-term lease receivable, note receivable, bank operating lines of credit, accounts payable and accrued liabilities,  contingent  consideration  and  the  following derivative instruments.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Company  had outstanding  foreign  exchange  contracts  in  place  for 17,350  EUR  and  $23,275  USD  -  both  of  which  were implemented as a hedge against translation gains and losses on inter-company loans as well as $72,000 USD to hedge the U.S. dollar denominated accounts payable in  Canadian  HPS  operations.  The  Company  also  had outstanding  foreign  exchange  contracts  to  sell  for 34,700 EUR and $61,189 USD.

Further  details  regarding  the  Company's  financial instruments  and  the  associated  risks  are  disclosed in  note  27  in  the  Notes  to  the  Consolidated  Financial Statements contained in our 2022 Annual Report.

## Critical accounting estimates

The preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements  requires  Management  to  make  estimates and  assumptions  that  affect  the  reported  amounts of  assets,  liabilities,  revenues  and  expenses  and  the disclosure  of  contingent  assets  and  liabilities.  These estimates  are  based  upon  Management's  historical experience  and  various  other  assumptions  that  are believed  by  Management  to  be  reasonable  under  the circumstances.

Such  assumptions  and  estimates  are  evaluated on  an  ongoing  basis  and  form  the  basis  for  making judgements  about  the  carrying  values  of  assets  and liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other sources. Actual results could differ from these estimates.

The  Company  conducts  its  annual  impairment assessment of goodwill, intangible assets and property, plant and equipment in the fourth quarter of each year, which corresponds with its annual planning cycle, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or Cash Generating Unit  ('CGU')  may  not  be  recoverable.    The  Company did not identify any triggering events during the course of 2022 indicating that the carrying amount of its assets and CGUs may not be recoverable, which would require the performance of an impairment test for those CGUs which did not contain goodwill.

Business Combinations requires acquirers to

recognize the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value.  The determination of fair value requires  Management  to  make  estimates  around  the value an independent third party, under no compulsion to  act,  would  pay  for  an  asset  acquired  or  liability assumed  on  a  standalone  basis.    Where  possible, Management engages third-party appraisers to assist in  the  determination  of  the  fair  value  of  real  property acquired.  The fair value of acquired intangible assets are  generally  determined  using  discounted  cash  flow models  and  involve  the  use  of  cash  flow  forecasts, market-based  discount  rates,  and/or  market-based royalty  rates.    The  fair  values  of  liabilities  assumed  is generally based on discounted cash flow models which involve  the  use  of  market-based  discount  rates.    The development  of  cash  flow  forecasts  involves  the  use of  estimates,  which may differ from actual cash flows realized.  Assumptions are involved in the determination of discount rates and royalty rates.

The  Company  records  a  provision  for  warranties based  on  historical  warranty  claim  information  and anticipated  warranty  claims,  based  on  a  weighted probability of possible outcomes.

The key assumptions made by management in  recording  the  provision  are  i)  warranty  cost,  ii) probability of claim, and iii) quantum of units which may be subject to any warranty claim.

Quantifying provisions inherently involves judgement,  and  future  events  and  conditions  may impact these assumptions. Differences in actual future experience from the assumptions utilized may result in a greater or lower warranty cost.

## Outstanding share data

Details of the Company's outstanding share data as of December 31, 2022, are as follows:

| 9,056,624  Class A Shares  2,778,300  Class B Common Shares  11,834,924  Total Class A and B Shares   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

There have been no material changes to the outstanding share data as of the date of this report.

## New accounting pronouncements

The  Group  adopted  the  following  amendments  in  its financial statements for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2022.  The adoption of the amendments did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

-  Property,  Plant  and  Equipment  -  Proceeds  before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16);
-  Onerous  Contracts  -  Cost  of  Fulfilling  a  Contract (Amendments to IAS 37);
-  Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3); and
-  Annual Improvements to IFRS Standard 2018-2020.

## New accounting pronouncements to be adopted

The  International  Accounting  Standards  Board  has issued  the  following  Standards,  Interpretations  and Amendments  to  Standards  that  are  not  yet  effective, have not yet been adopted by the Group and are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

The  following  amendments  are  effective  for  the annual period beginning on January 1, 2023:

-  Insurance  contracts  (IFRS  17  and  amendments  to IFRS 17);
-  Definition  of  accounting  estimates  (Amendments to IAS 8);
-  Disclosure initiative -accounting policies (Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality Judgements);
-  Deferred  tax  related  to  assets  and  liabilities  arising from  a  single  transaction  (Amendments  to  IAS  12 Income Taxes); and

The following amendments are effective for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2024:

-  Classification  of  liabilities  as  current  or  non-current

## MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

(Amendments  to  IAS  1)  and  Non-current  liabilities with covenants (Amendments to IAS 1); and

-  Lease liability in a sale and leaseback (Amendments to IFRS 16).

## Strategic direction and outlook

HPS  has  a  rich  and  extensive  history  of  growth, innovation and resilience. The Company has navigated through difficult and fluctuating economic times, increased globalization, adapted to changes in customers and markets and has experienced significant advances in technology. HPS has framed these challenges  as  opportunities  and  developed  strategies to address these rapid changes.

The  Company  is  confronting these challenges and  continuously  building  our  strategic  advantage  by focusing on:

- Developing our Customers and Markets by:
- o Driving  organic  growth  through  continuing  to develop our NAED channel;
- o Offering  competitive  products,  including  an expanding product quality offering;
- o Providing unparalleled service to our customers; and
- o Growing through strategic acquisitions.
- Achieving Operational and Financial Excellence by:
- o Driving continuous improvement;
- o Improving efficiency by investing in equipment, people and technology; and
- o Optimizing the efficiency of our global manufacturing footprint.
- Developing our People and Culture by:
- o Building our leadership team for the future;
- o Developing our people to excel and thrive; and
- o Making HPS a preferred employer.
- Building a Sustainability Program by
- o Designing energy efficient products;
- o Shrinking our ecological footprint; and
- o Energizing the world in a responsible way for the generations to come.

The demand  for our transformers particularly in  North  America  continues  to  accelerate  and  sales volumes have returned to pre-pandemic levels.  While we have  seen  improvements  in  business  activity  and demand,  we  have  also experienced rapidly rising commodity costs as well as supply shortages.  Based on the combination of these factors, the Company expects to see continued growth in revenues.     It has been, and is, HPS' objective to maintain gross margins in the face of rising prices.  We will continue to do so in the future.

We  continue  to  add  new  distributors  and  have implemented additional infrastructure in place to support our growth initiative into Mexico.  We believe that Mexico has strong potential for us as a sales market due to its proximity to our manufacturing locations and our  ability  to  leverage  existing  people,  product,  and supply chain.

The most recent acquisition of Mesta has expanded HPS' offering into standard and custom active filter and induction heating products.  Mesta shares an excellent reputation  for  product  quality,  design  and  reliability. Mesta not  only  expands  HPS'  U.S.  presence  but  also broadens  our  power  solutions  product  offering  and manufacturing  capabilities  in  power  quality  solutions. Mesta's results for 2022 contributed to both the increase in revenue as well as the increase in profits.

As of January 1, 2022, the Company went live with a new human resources information system ('HRIS') in order to move the Company to a common payroll and human resource  system.  This  platform  has  enhanced our internal communications, created efficiencies, improved controls, incorporated additional career planning and allows for better data analysis.

At  the  end  of  2022  an  extensive  upgrade  to  our enterprise resource planning ('ERP') system to a cloud based format went live. The upgrade allows for better

software  manufacturer  support  as  well  as  speed  and flexibly a cloud based system can provide.  This upgrade was completed for all HPS facilities.

HPS has modern manufacturing facilities throughout the world, and this continues to be enhanced through our committed capital investment. As we grow, we are investing in equipment and machinery that will allow us to keep up with future demand and allow us to optimize our manufacturing capabilities at our various locations. We are also investing in business technology that will help us become more efficient and provide us with the data that we need to improve our business.

With  a  focus  on  growth  and  advancement,  HPS intends  to  increase  its  planned  capital  program  by approximately $40 million over two years. These planned capital  investments  are  focused  on  areas  targeted to  increase  capacity  and  reduce  lead  times  for  low voltage, power quality and induction heating products. These investments are also expected to support HPS' supply chain resilience initiatives. HPS intends to focus the  capital  program  primarily  in  Mexico  and  the  U.S.. In Mexico, HPS is planning to set up an approximately 80,000  square  foot  small  products  facility,  while  also adding equipment to existing facilities there. HPS also expects  to  expand  its  manufacturing  capacity  at  the Mesta  location  in  Pennsylvania,  USA,  as  well  as  its facility in Guelph, Ontario.

The Company continues to have a strong reputation of  being  an  industry  leader  and  is  both  operationally and financially strong. HPS is well positioned to meet the  evolving  needs  of  our  traditional  markets  while becoming  a  leading  player  in  a  growing  number  of other  market  sectors.  We  continue  to  be  focused  on escalation of market share, improved sales growth from new product development, geographic diversification, productivity gains, cost reduction and capacity flexibility.

The Company has provided shareholders with strong earnings per share, solid cash generation and quarterly

## DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS UNLESS OTHERWISE STATED

dividends paid with an attractive yield. To continue this trend HPS is focused on sales development, continued distributor  channel  expansion,  product  development, and bringing quality and value to all that we produce. Our strategic initiatives and focused plans will continue to allow HPS to grow and expand.

HPS'  strategic  vision  and  operational  initiatives have  supported  our  industry  leadership,  operational strength and financial stability. The combination of our resilience,  drive,  decades  of  experience,  commitment, engineering expertise, solid supplier relationships and a broad and unique business perspective gained through our diverse products, customers and markets are all key success factors critical to our success.

## Selected Annual and Quarterly Information

(tabular amounts in thousands of dollars)

| Annual Information  2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Sales  314,082  358,792  322,097  380,202  558,464  Earnings from operations  13,779  20,543  22,041  23,151  59,441  EBITDA  17,915  28,175  29,482  30,114  69,746  Net (loss) earnings  (12,917)  11,607  14,062  15,176  44,828  Total assets  205,527  214,953  189,394  235,099  302,673  Non-current liabilities  2,528  11,271  8,329  7, 104  8,101  Total liabilities  96,793  105,186  75,478  109,097  125,779  Total shareholders' equity attributable  to equity holders of the Company  108,734  109,767  113,916  126,002  176,894  Operating debt, net of cash  (17,056)  (9,326)  (1,278)  1,638  21,972  Cash provided by operations  6,474  17,810  19,683  20,447  37,013  Basic (loss) earnings per share  (1. 10)  0.99  1.20  1.29  3.79  Diluted (loss) earnings per share  (1. 10)  0.99  1.20  1.28  3.77  Dividends declared and paid  2,818  3,287  3,993  4,009  4,556  Average exchange rate (USD$=CAD$)  1.294  1.327  1.343  1.253  1.301  Book value per share  9.26  9.36  9.70  10.69  15.00  2021  2022  Quarterly Information  Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  Q1  Q2  Q3  Q4  Sales  80,121  88,277  95,526  116,278  127,782  137,476  148,953  144,253  Earnings from operations  3,402  7,620  5,909  6,220  12,658  10,046  16,118  20,369  EBITDA  5,349  8,694  7,378  8,693  14,458  12,225  18,970  24,093  Net earnings  2,298  4,689  3,948  4,241  8,569  6,505  11,531  18,223  Total assets  192,395  208,865  221,549  235,099  253,340  283,852  315,864  302,673  Non-current liabilities  7,546  7,018  6,486  7, 104  6,170  5,793  6,640  8,101  Total liabilities  77,559  91,691  98,951  109,097  119,565  140,791  152,187  125,779  Total shareholders' equity  attributable to equity  holders of the Company  114,836  117,174  122,598  126,002  133,775  143,061  163,677  176,894  Operating debt, net of cash  (11,754)  (14,392)  (15,399)  1,638  (905)  9,542  21,843  5,352  Cash (used) provided by  operations  (6,854)  (29)  7,430  19,900  537  14,623  16,501  1,837  Basic earnings per share  0.19  0.40  0.34  0.36  0.72  0.55  0.97  1.55  Diluted earnings per share  0.19  0.40  0.34  0.35  0.72  0.55  0.97  1.53  Dividends declared and paid  1,002  1,002  1,002  1,002  1,006  1, 183  1, 184  1, 183  Average exchange rate  (USD$=CAD$)  1.268  1.231  1.257  1.258  1.267  1.276  1.305  1.358  Book value per share  9.78  9.94  10.40  10.69  11.39  12.13  13.88  15.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements

The  Consolidated  Financial  Statements  are  the  responsibility  of  the  management  of  Hammond  Power  Solutions  Inc.  These statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS'), using management's best estimates and judgements where appropriate.

Management is responsible for the reliability and integrity of the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and other financial information contained in the report. In the preparation of these statements, estimates were  sometimes  necessary  because  a  precise  determination  of  certain  assets  and  liabilities  is  dependent  on  future  events. Management believes such estimates have been based on careful judgement and have been properly reflected in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. Management is responsible for the maintenance of a system of internal controls designed to provide reasonable assurances that the assets are safeguarded and that accounting systems provide timely, accurate and reliable financial information.

The Board of Directors is responsible for ensuring that management fulfills its responsibilities through the Audit Committee of the Board, which is composed of all of the directors, of whom six are non-management directors. The Audit Committee meets periodically with management and the auditors to satisfy itself that management's responsibilities are properly discharged, to review the Consolidated Financial Statements and to recommend approval of the Consolidated Financial Statements to the Board of Directors.

KPMG LLP, the  independent  auditors  appointed  by  the  shareholders,  has  audited  the  Company's  Consolidated  Financial Statements in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, and their report follows. The independent auditors have full and unrestricted access to the Audit Committee to discuss their audit and related findings as to the integrity of the financial reporting process.

<!-- image -->

March 23, 2023

## Independent Auditor's Report

To the Shareholders of Hammond Power Solutions Inc.

## Opinion

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Hammond Power Solutions Inc. (the Entity), which comprise:

- the consolidated statements of financial position as at end of December 31, 2022 and end of December 31, 2021
-   the consolidated statements of operations for the years then ended
-   the consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years then ended
-   the consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years then ended
-   the consolidated statements of cash flows for the years then ended
-   and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies (Hereinafter referred to as the 'financial statements').

In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Entity as December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the years then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the ' Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements' section  of  our auditor's report.

We are independent of the Entity in accordance with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Canada and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial

William G. Hammond Chairman of the Board &amp; Chief Executive Officer

Richard C. Vollering Corporate Secretary &amp; Chief Financial Officer

<!-- image -->

statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

We have determined the matters described below to be the key audit matters to be communicated in our auditor's report.

## Evaluation of the carrying value of goodwill for the India cash generating unit

## Description of the matter

We draw attention to Notes 2(d)(ii), 3(g) and 12 of the financial statements.  The goodwill balance is $12,024 thousand, of which, $8,226 thousand relates to the Hammond Power Solutions Private Limited ('India') cash generating unit ('CGU').  The Entity conducts its annual impairment assessment of goodwill on an annual basis or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a CGU may not be recoverable.  Performing impairment testing requires management to determine the estimated recoverable amount of the relevant cash-generating units on the basis of projected future cash flows. The determination of the recoverable amount requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions which include projected revenue, projected gross margin rates, terminal growth rates, and the discount rate.

## Why the matter is a key audit matter

We identified the evaluation of the goodwill impairment analysis for the India CGU as a key audit matter. The estimated recoverable amount of the India CGU approximated its carrying value.  This indicated a significant risk of misstatement as changes to certain significant  assumptions  had  a  significant  effect  on  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  India  CGU.    As  a  result,  significant  auditor judgement was required in evaluating the results of the audit procedures.

## How the matter was addressed in the audit

The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this key audit matter:

-   We compared the Entity's historical projected revenue and projected gross margin rates to actual results to assess the Entity's ability to accurately project revenue and gross margin rates.
- We performed sensitivity  analyses  over  the  projected  revenue  and  gross  margin  rate  assumptions  by  using  average  actual growth rates realized in previous years to assess the impact on the Entity's determination that the estimated recoverable amount of the CGU exceeded its carrying value.
-   We evaluated the terminal growth rate by comparing to overall market and industry conditions and overall macro-economic conditions.
-   We involved valuation professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in evaluating the appropriateness of the discount rate assumption used in the estimated recoverable amount, by comparing it to a discount rate range that was independently developed using publicly available information and considering risks specific to the CGU.

## Other Information

Management is responsible for the other information. Other information comprises:

-  The information included in Management's Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant Canadian Securities Commissions.
-  The  information,  other  than  the  financial  statements  and  the  auditor's  report  thereon,  included  in  a  document  entitled 'Annual Report 2022' .

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit and remain alert for indications that the other information appears to be materially misstated.

We obtained the information included in Management's Discussion and Analysis filed with the relevant Canadian Securities Commissions and the Annual Report 2022 as at the date of this auditor's report.   If, based on the work we have performed on this other information, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact in the auditor's report.

We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of Management and Those Charged with Governance for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with International Financial  Reporting  Standards  (IFRS),  and  for  such  internal  control  as  management  determines  is  necessary  to  enable  the preparation of financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Entity's ability to continue as a going concern,

disclosing as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Entity or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Entity's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.

Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with Canadian generally accepted auditing standards, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism throughout the audit.

- Responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

We also:

-   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures
- The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Entity's internal control.
-   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- Conclude on the  appropriateness  of  management's  use  of  the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  and,  based  on  the  audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Entity's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Entity to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
-   Communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.
-   Provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.
- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group Entity to express an opinion on the financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
-   Determine, from the matters communicated with those charged with governance, those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our auditor's report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

<!-- image -->

Chartered Professional Accountants, Licensed Public Accountants The engagement partner of the audit resulting in this auditors report is R. Alexander Dilts

March 23, 2023 Waterloo, Canada

## Consolidated Statements of Financial Position

(in thousands of dollars)

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Assets  Current assets  Cash and cash equivalents  $  28,126  $  20,905  Accounts receivable (note 4)  86,701  72,004  Inventories (note 5)  106,353  62,467  Income taxes receivable  1,995  807  Prepaid expenses and other assets (notes 6 and 7)  6,948  3,515  Total current assets  230,123  159,698  Non-current assets  Long-term lease (note 7)  -  2,779  Property, plant and equipment (note 8)  41,742  30,960  Investment in properties (note 9)  3,121  3,294  Investment in joint venture (note 10)  -  13,279  Deferred tax assets (note 16)  8,013  2,370  Intangible assets (note 11)  7,650  10,503  Goodwill (note 12)  12,024  12,216  Total non-current assets  72,550  75,401  Total assets  $  302,673  $  235,099  Liabilities  Current liabilities  Bank operating lines of credit (note 13)  $  6,154  $  19,267  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (notes 17 and 27)  92,301  70,733  Deferred revenue (note 21)  10,607  5,027  Income taxes payable  2,342  1,988  Provisions (note 20)  1,840  1,850  Current portion of lease and other liabilities (notes 14 and 27)  4,434  3,128  Total current liabilities  $  117,678  $  101,993  Non-current liabilities  Provisions (note 20)  979  342  Deferred tax liabilities (note 16)  117  401  Long-term portion of lease and other liabilities (notes 14 and 27)  7,005  6,361  Total non-current liabilities  8,101  7,104  Total liabilities  $  125,779  $  109,097  Shareholders' Equity  Share capital (note 17)  15,240  14,886  Contributed surplus  2,376  2,432  Accumulated other comprehensive income  12,431  2,109  Retained earnings  146,847  106,575  Total shareholders' equity  176,894  126,002  Commitments (note 15)  Subsequent events (note 31)  Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $  302,673  $  235,099  As at   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

On behalf of the Board:

<!-- image -->

William G. Hammond

Chairman of the Board &amp; Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

## Consolidated Statements of Operations

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands of dollars except for per share amounts)

| 2022  2021  Sales (note 21)  $  558,464  $  380,202  Cost of sales (notes 5 and 22)  393,279  277,771  Gross margin  165,185  102,431  Selling and distribution (notes 22 and 27)  62,263  46,459  General and administrative  (note 22)  43,481  32,821  $  105,744  $  79,280  Earnings from operations  59,441  23,151  Finance and other costs  Interest expense  1,596  1,301  Foreign exchange (gain) loss  (96)  561  Share of income of investment in joint venture, net of tax  (note 10)  (4)  (61)  Other (note 27)  776  100  Net finance and other costs  2,272  1,901  Earnings before income taxes  57,169  21,250  Income tax expense (recovery) (note 16):  Current  15,234  7,110  Deferred  (2,893)  (1,036)  12,341  6,074  Net earnings  $  44,828  $  15,176  Earnings per share (note 18)  Basic earnings per share  $  3.79  $  1.29  Diluted earnings per share  $  3.77  $  1.28   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands of dollars)

| 2022  2021  Net earnings  $  44,828  $  15,176  Other comprehensive income  Items that will be recognized within profit and loss:  Foreign currency translation differences for foreign operations  10,322  590  Other comprehensive income, net of income tax  10,322  590  Total comprehensive income  $  55,150  $  15,766   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands of dollars)

| SHARE  CAPITAL  CONTRIBUTED  SURPLUS  AOCI*  RETAINED  EARNINGS  TOTAL  SHAREHOLDERS'  EQUITY  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  14,491  $  2,498  $  1,519  $  95,408  $  113,916  Total comprehensive income for the period  Net income  -  -  -  15,176  15,176  Other comprehensive income  Foreign currency translation differences related  to joint venture (note 10)  -  -  (82)  -  (82)  Foreign currency translation differences  -  -  672  -  672  Total other comprehensive income  -  -  590  -  590  Total comprehensive income for the period  -  -  590  15,176  15,766  Transactions with owners, recorded directly  in equity  Dividends to equity holders (note 17)  -  -  -  (4,009)  (4,009)  Stock options exercised (note 17)  395  (66)  -  -  329  Total transactions with owners  395  (66)  -  (4,009)  (3,680)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  14,886  $  2,432  $  2,109  $ 106,575  $  126,002  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  14,886  $  2,432  $  2,109  $ 106,575  $  126,002  Total comprehensive income for the period  Net income  -  -  -  44,828  44,828  Other comprehensive income  Foreign currency translation differences  -  -  10,322  -  10,322  Total other comprehensive income  -  -  10,322  -  10,322  Total comprehensive income for the period  -  -  10,322  44,828  55,150  Transactions with owners, recorded directly  in equity  Dividends to equity holders (note 17)  -  -  -  (4,556)  (4,556)  Stock options exercised (note 17)  354  (56)  -  -  298  Total transactions with owners  354  (56)  -  (4,556)  (4,258)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  15,240  $  2,376  $  12,431  $ 146,847  $  176,894   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*AOCI - Accumulated other comprehensive income

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows

Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands of dollars)

| 2022  2021  Cash flows from operating activities  Net earnings  $  44,828  $  15,176  Adjustments for:  Share of income of investment in joint venture  (4)  (61)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment,  right-of-use assets and investment properties  7,196  6,092  Amortization of intangible assets  3,785  1,471  Provisions  419  433  Interest expense  1,596  1,301  Income tax expense  12,341  6,074  Unrealized loss (gain) on derivatives  276  (89)  Share-based compensation expense  2,183  1,210  72,620  31,607  Change in non-cash working capital (note 25)  (19,539)  (4,777)  Cash generated from operating activities  53,081  26,830  Income tax paid  (16,068)  (6,383)  Cash provided from operating activities  37,013  20,447  Cash flows from investing activities  Repayment of note and lease receivable  173  185  Acquisition (notes 10 and 30)  (3,515)  (5,032)  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment  (8,646)  (5,051)  Acquisition of intangible assets  (686)  (1,016)  Cash used in investing activities  (12,674)  (10,914)  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of share capital (note 17)  298  329  Cash dividends paid (note 17)  (4,556)  (4,009)  Net (repayments) advances of bank operating lines of credit  (13,113)  3,194  Interest paid  (1,277)  (1,047)  Payment of lease liabilities (note 14)  (3,004)  (2,724)  Payment of contingent consideration (note 30)  (651)  -  Cash used in financing activities  (22,303)  (4,257)  Foreign exchange on cash and cash equivalents held in a  foreign currency  1,792  578  Cash acquired in business combination (notes 10 and 30)  3,393  256  Increase in cash and cash equivalents  7,221  6,110  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period  20,905  14,795  Cash and cash equivalents at end of period  $  28,126  $  20,905   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 1. Reporting entity

Hammond Power Solutions Inc. ('HPS' or 'the Company') is a corporation domiciled in Canada. The address of the Company's registered office is 595 Southgate Drive, Guelph, Ontario. The Company's Class A subordinate voting shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange and trade under the symbol HPS.A.

The  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  comprise  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries (together referred to as the 'Group' and individually as 'Group entities'). The Group primarily is involved in the design and manufacture of custom electrical magnetics, cast resin, custom liquid filled distribution and power transformers and standard electrical transformers, serving the electrical and electronic industries. The Group has manufacturing plants in Canada, the United States ('U.S.'), Mexico and India.

## 2. Basis of preparation

## (a) Statement of compliance

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  International  Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS'), and were approved by the Board of Directors on March 23, 2023.

## (b) Basis of measurement

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for inventories carried at net realizable value, derivative financial instruments and share based payments which are measured at fair value, and the initial present value of finance leases receivable which are determined using cash flows implicit in the lease and a discount rate reflecting the interest rate implicit in the lease.  Assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with business combinations are recorded based on their fair values at the date of  acquisition,  and  contingent  consideration  granted  concurrent  with  a  business  combination  is  recognized initially at fair value, with subsequent measurement occurring at fair value. Changes in the fair value of contingent consideration are recorded either through the statement of operations, or through equity, depending on the characteristics of the consideration granted.

## (c) Functional and presentation currency

The functional currency of the Group's entities is the currency of their primary economic environment.

In individual companies, transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the rate of exchange at the date of the transaction. Monetary assets and liabilities in foreign currencies at the reporting date are re-measured to the functional currency at the exchange rate at that date. Any resulting exchange differences are taken to the statement of operations.  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rate at the date of the transaction.

On consolidation, assets and liabilities of Group entities reported in their functional currencies are translated into  the  Canadian dollar, being the presentation currency, at the exchange rate on the reporting date.  The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to Canadian dollars using average exchange rates for the month during which the transactions occurred. Foreign currency differences are recognized in other comprehensive income in the cumulative translation account within accumulated other comprehensive income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| Canadian and Subsidiary Operations  Functional Currency  Hammond Power Solutions Inc.  Delta Transformers Inc.  Canadian dollar  ($)  Hammond Power Solutions, Inc.  Mesta Electronics Inc.  Hammond Power Solutions Latin America S. de R.L. de C.V.  U.S. dollar  ($ USD)  Hammond Power Solutions S. A. de C.V.  Montran S.A. de C.V.  Mexican Peso  (Pesos)  Hammond Power Solutions S.p.A.  Continental Transformers s.r.l.  Euro  (EU €)  Hammond Power Solutions Private Limited  Rupee  (INR)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Use of estimates and judgements

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires Management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods affected.

## (i) Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

The following are the critical judgements, apart from those involving estimations, that Management has made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies and that have the most significant effects on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

## Cash generating units

As indicated in note 3(g) and 3(k); the Group conducts its impairment tests at the individual asset level or, where the recoverable amount cannot be determined for an individual asset, or for goodwill, at the cash generating unit ('CGU') level. The Group defines its CGUs based on the way it monitors and derives economic benefits from the acquired goodwill and intangibles. A cash-generating unit is the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other assets or groups of assets. The identification of a cash-generating unit involves judgement.

The  Company  has  defined  its  cash  generating  units  primarily  as  each  manufacturing  and  contract manufacturing location, due to the fact that each location is managed separately and has its own dedicated human resources and property, plant and equipment. Each manufacturing facility produces products largely independent of the other facilities and is ultimately responsible for producing products that generate revenue. Management monitors the performance of each manufacturing unit through the use of profitability analysis, and also considers the profitability of each manufacturing unit relative to the Group's business plan.

## Initial lease term

The Group leases certain manufacturing facilities, warehouse facilities, vehicles and other assets.  In determining

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

the value of a right-of-use asset and lease liability, IFRS 16 requires the Group to determine the lease payments to  be  made over the initial term of the lease, including renewal options which are reasonably certain to be exercised. Such payments are then discounted based on the interest rate implicit in the lease or the Group's incremental borrowing rate. In determining the initial lease term, Management makes an assessment of the renewal periods available to the Group within each lease and evaluates the likelihood and corresponding time horizon of available renewal options. Such assessments involve judgement and ultimately may differ from the terms of leases actually experienced.

## Operating segments

An operating segment is a component of an entity that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the entity's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for  which  discrete  financial  information  is  available.  The  determination  of  operating  segments  involves judgement. Management has determined that the Group operates as a single operating segment, being the design, manufacture and sale of transformers.

## Identification of acquired assets and liabilities

IFRS 3, Business Combinations, requires acquirers to recognize, separately from goodwill, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The identification of acquired assets and liabilities involves judgement.

## (ii)   Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The following are the key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the reporting period that have a significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  within  the  next twelve months.

## Recoverability of goodwill and intangible assets

The Group tests annually or more frequently if necessary, whether goodwill or other long-lived assets have suffered any impairment in accordance with the accounting policies provided in note 3(g) and 3(k). Performing impairment testing requires management to determine the estimated recoverable amount of the relevant cashgenerating units on the basis of projected future cash flows using internal business plans or forecasts, and discounting these cash flows to appropriately reflect the time value of money.

The key assumptions made by management in deriving the recoverable amount are i) projected revenue, ii) projected gross margin rates, iii) terminal growth rates, and iv) the discount rate.

Impairment assessments inherently involve judgement as to assumptions about expected future cash flows and the impact of market conditions on those assumptions. Future events and changing market conditions may impact the Company's assumptions as to prices, costs or other factors that may result in changes in the Company's estimates of future cash flows. Failure to realize the assumed revenues at an appropriate gross margin or failure to improve the financial results of a CGU could result in impairment losses in the CGU in future periods.

For assumptions relating to impairment testing, refer to note 12.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Determination of fair value of acquired long-lived assets, intangible assets, and assumed liabilities

IFRS 3, Business Combinations, requires acquirers to recognize the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value. The determination of fair value requires Management to make estimates around the value an independent third party, under no compulsion to act, would pay for an asset acquired or liability assumed on a standalone basis.  Where possible, Management engages third-party appraisers to assist in the determination of the fair value of real property acquired. The fair value of acquired intangible assets are generally determined using discounted cash flow models and involve the use of cash flow forecasts, market-based discount rates, and/or market-based royalty rates. The fair values of liabilities assumed is generally based on discounted cash flow models which involve the use of market-based discount rates. The development of cash flow forecasts involve the use of estimates, which may differ from actual cash flows realized. Assumptions are involved in the determination of discount rates and royalty rates.

## Provisions for warranty claims

The Group records a provision for warranties based on historical warranty claim information and anticipated warranty claims, based on a weighted probability of possible outcomes.

The key assumptions made by management in recording the provision are i) warranty cost, ii) probability of claim, and iii) quantum of units which may be subject to any warranty claim.

Quantifying provisions inherently involves judgement, and future events and conditions may impact these assumptions. Differences in actual future experience from the assumptions utilized may result in a greater or lower warranty cost. For further information on the Group's provisions, refer to note 20.

## 3. Summary of significant accounting policies

The  accounting  policies  set  out  below  have  been  applied  consistently  to  all  periods  presented  in  these consolidated financial statements and by all Group entities.

## (a) Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Hammond Power Solutions Inc. and its whollyowned subsidiaries:

- Hammond Power Solutions, Inc.
- Hammond Power Solutions, S.A. de C.V.
- Montran S.A. de C.V.
- Delta Transformers Inc.
- Hammond Power Solutions Private Limited
- Continental Transformers s.r.l.
- Hammond Power Solutions S.p.A.
- Mesta Electronics, Inc.
- Hammond Power Solutions Latin America S. de R.L. de C.V.

Joint operations arise from an arrangement in which the interested parties are bound by a contract which gives two or more parties joint control of the arrangement, and those parties have rights to the assets and obligations  for  the  liabilities  relating  to  the  arrangement.  The  Company  has  a  50%  interest  in  Glen  Ewing

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

Properties, an unincorporated co-tenancy. The consolidated financial statements include the Group's share of the entity's assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses with items of a similar nature on a line-by-line basis.

Prior to obtaining control during the year, the Company held a 55% equity interest in the Corefficient joint venture ('Corefficient'). The Company applied the equity method of accounting for its investment in Corefficient on the basis that it did not have the power to direct the key activities of the joint venture Corefficient. Under the equity method of accounting, interests in joint ventures are initially recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position at initial cost and adjusted thereafter to recognize the Group's share of profits or losses and movements in other comprehensive income in the income statement and in other comprehensive income respectively.  Effective  February  28,  2022,  the  Company  and  the  joint  venturer  have  agreed  to  divide  the operations.  As a result of this transaction, the Company now owns 100% of the equity and voting interests of the entity and continued the business within Hammond Power Solutions Latin America S. de R.L. de C.V. and continues to operate the entity as a wholly owned subsidiary.

All significant inter-company transactions and balances have been eliminated.

## (b) Financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities, including derivatives, are recognized on the consolidated statement of financial position when the Group becomes a party to the financial instrument or derivative contract.

The Group classifies its financial assets and financial liabilities in the following measurement categories i) those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through profit or loss) and ii) those to be measured at amortized cost. The classification of financial assets depends on the business model for managing the financial assets and the contractual terms of the cash flows. Financial liabilities are classified as those to be measured at amortized cost unless they are designated as those to be measured subsequently at fair value through profit or loss (irrevocable election at the time of recognition). For assets and  liabilities  measured  at  fair  value,  gains  and  losses  are  either  recorded  in  profit  or  loss  or  other comprehensive income.

The Group reclassifies financial assets when and only when its business model for managing those assets changes. Financial liabilities are not reclassified.

The Group has applied the following classifications:

- Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable and lease are classified as assets at amortized cost and are measured  using  the  effective  interest  rate  method.  Interest  income  is  recorded  in  the    consolidated statement of operations, as applicable.
- Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and bank operating lines of credit are classified as other financial liabilities and are measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. Interest expense is recorded in the consolidated statement of operations, as applicable.
- Derivatives are initially recognized at fair value on the date a derivative contract is entered into and are subsequently  re-measured  to  their  fair  value  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  The  accounting  for subsequent changes in fair value depends on whether the derivative is designated as a hedging instrument, and if so, the nature of the item being hedged and the type of hedge relationship designated. The Group has not historically designated such items as hedging instruments and accordingly changes in fair value are recorded through the statement of operations.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

- Contingent consideration issued in connection with a business combination that meets the definition of a financial liability is initially recognized at fair value at the acquisition date and is subsequently re-measured at  fair  value  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  with  changes  recognized  through  the  statement of operations.

All financial instruments are required to be measured at fair value on initial recognition, plus, in the case of a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial liability.

Transaction costs of financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss are expensed in profit or loss. Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.

Financial assets that are held within a business model whose objective is to collect the contractual cash flows, and that have contractual cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal outstanding are generally measured at amortized cost at the end of the subsequent accounting periods.

The Group assesses all information available, including, on a forward-looking basis, the expected credit losses associated with its assets carried at amortized cost. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk. To assess whether there is a significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition based on all information available, and reasonable and supportive forward-looking information. For trade receivables only, the Group applies the simplified approach as permitted by IFRS 9 which requires expected lifetime losses to be recognized from initial recognition of receivables.

## (c) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents include cash and short-term deposits with maturities of three months or less.

## (d) Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are shown in the statement of financial position at their historical cost. Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-constructed assets includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to  a  working  condition  for  their  intended  use,  the  costs  of  dismantling  and  removing  the  items  and restoring the site on which they are located, and borrowing costs on qualifying assets. Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalized as part of that equipment.

When parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.

Depreciation is  provided  on  components  that  have  homogenous  useful  lives  by  using  the  straight-line method so as to depreciate the initial cost down to the residual value over the estimated useful lives.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

| - Buildings  14-30 years  - Leaseholds and improvements  lesser of 5 years and lease term  - Machinery and equipment  4-10 years  - Office equipment  4-10 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- Land is not depreciated

Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each financial year-end and adjusted if appropriate.

Assets included in construction-in-progress are not depreciated until the assets are available for use. Idle assets that are available for use are depreciated.

## (e) Intangible assets other than goodwill

Intangible assets that are acquired either separately or in a business combination are recognized when they are identifiable and can be reliably measured. Intangible assets are considered to be identifiable if they arise from contractual or other rights, or if they are separable (i.e. they can be disposed of either individually or together with other assets). Intangible assets comprise finite life intangible assets.

Finite life intangible assets are those for which there is an expectation of obsolescence that limits their useful economic life or where the useful life is limited by contractual or other terms. They are amortized over the shorter of their contractual or useful economical lives.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

| - Customer lists and relationships  15 years  - Technology and other patents  10-20 years  - Software and other  4-14 years  - Branding  5-15 years   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization  methods,  useful  lives  and  residual  values  are  reviewed  at  each  year-end  and  adjusted if appropriate.

## (f) Research and development expenses

Research expenses are recognized as expenses in the financial period incurred.

Development expenses are recognized as an intangible asset if the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of making the intangible asset ready for commissioning or sale; its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it; its ability to use or sell the intangible asset; how the intangible asset will generate future economic benefits; the availability of the appropriate resources (technical, financial or other) to complete development and use or sell the intangible asset; and its ability to provide a reliable estimate of expenses attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## (g) Business Combinations and Goodwill

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group. In determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

For an acquisition achieved in stages, under which the Group did not previously control an investee but subsequently obtains control, the carrying value of the Group's investment is remeasured to fair value immediately prior to the business combination, with any gain or loss reflected through the statement of operations.

The consideration transferred in the acquisition is generally measured at fair value, as are the identifiable net assets acquired. Any gain on a bargain purchase is recognised in profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs are expensed as incurred, except if related to the issue of debt or equity securities.

Any contingent consideration is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition. If an obligation to pay contingent consideration that meets the definition of a financial instrument is classified as equity, then it is not re-measured and settlement is accounted for within equity. Otherwise, other contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or loss.

Goodwill is the residual amount that results when the purchase price of an acquired business exceeds the sum of the amount allocated to the identifiable assets acquired, less liabilities assumed, based on their fair values.

Goodwill is allocated as of the date of the business combination to the Company's cash generating units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination, and is tested for impairment at least annually and upon the occurrence of an indication of impairment.

The impairment tests are performed at the CGU level. The Group defines its CGUs based on the way it monitors and derives economic benefits from the acquired goodwill and intangibles. The impairment tests are performed by comparing the carrying value of the assets of these CGUs with the greater of its value in use and its fair value, less costs to sell. The value in use is based on their future projected cash flows discounted to the present value at an appropriate pre-tax discount rate. The cash flows correspond to estimates made by Group management in financial and strategic business plans covering a period of five years. They are then projected beyond five years using a steady or declining terminal growth rate given that the Group businesses are of a longterm nature. The Group assesses the uncertainty of these estimates by conducting sensitivity analyses. The discount rate used approximates the CGUs weighted average cost of capital, with business risk incorporated into the development of the cash flow projections.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is never subsequently reversed. The Group completed its annual goodwill impairment tests at December 31, 2022.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## (h) Investment properties

Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not  for  sale  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  use  in  the  production  or  supply  of  goods  or  services  or  for administrative purposes. The Group measures its investment properties, being the property held by Glen Ewing Properties and the Italian Marnate properties, at historical cost.

## (i) Joint venture

The Company applied the equity method of accounting for its investment in the joint venture. Under the equity method of accounting, interests in joint ventures are initially  recognized  in  the  Consolidated  Statements  of Financial  Position  at  initial  cost  and  adjusted  thereafter  to  recognize  the  Group's  share  of  profits  or  losses and movements in other comprehensive income in the income statement and in other comprehensive income respectively.  When  the  Group's  share  of  losses  in  a  joint  venture  equals  or  exceeds  its  interest  in  the  joint venture, the Group does not recognize further losses unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the joint venture.

Unrealized gains or transactions between the Group and its joint venture were eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the joint venture. Unrealized losses were also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of impairment of the assets transferred.

## (j) Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost and net realizable value.

The cost of inventories is based on the first-in first-out principle and includes expenditures incurred in acquiring the inventories, production or conversion costs and other costs incurred in bringing them to their existing location and condition. In the case of manufactured inventories and work in progress, cost includes an appropriate share of production overheads based on normal operating capacity.

Net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and selling expenses.

When circumstances which previously caused inventories to be written down to their net realizable value no longer exist, the previous impairment is reversed.

## (k) Impairment of property, plant and equipment and finite life intangible assets

The Group periodically reviews the useful lives and the carrying values of its long-lived assets for continued appropriateness. Consideration is given at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment of the carrying amounts of the Group's property, plant and equipment and finite life intangible assets. The Group reviews for impairment of long-lived assets, or asset groups, held and used whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable.

The  recoverable  amount  is  the  greater  of  the  fair  value  less  cost  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.    If  the recoverable amount cannot be determined for one individual asset, the Group conducts its impairment test at the CGU level. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value, based on the time value of money and the risks specific to the country where the assets are located. Assets that suffer impairment are assessed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## (l) Share-based payment transactions

## Stock option plan

The Group has a stock-based compensation plan, which is described in note 17. The Group accounts for all stock-based payments using the fair value based method.

Under the fair value based method, compensation cost for stock options and direct awards of stock is measured at fair value at the grant date. Compensation cost is recognized in earnings on a straight-line basis over the relevant vesting period, with a corresponding amount recorded in contributed surplus. The amount recognized as an expense, is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related services are expected to be met. Upon exercise of a stock option, share capital is recorded at the sum of the proceeds received and the related amount of contributed surplus.

## Deferred share unit plan

The Company maintains a deferred share unit plan ('DSU Plan') for its senior-executive  management and Directors. Under the DSU Plan, participants may elect to defer compensation and receive DSUs equal to the value of the deferred compensation. The number of DSUs issued to each holder are increased as dividends on common shares are paid to compensate the holders for dividends paid on a quarterly basis, while the DSUs are outstanding.

Under IFRS, DSUs are classified as cash-settled share-based payment transactions as the participants shall receive cash following a Redemption Event, as defined in the DSU Plan. DSUs do not contain any vesting conditions or forfeiture  provisions,  as  they  are  issued  in  exchange  for  deferred  compensation.  As  such,  the Company recognizes  the  expense  and  the  liability  to  pay  for  eventual  redemption  when  DSUs  are  issued. Thereafter, the Company re-measures the fair-value of the liability at the end of each reporting date and the date of settlement, with the difference recognized in income or expense for the period. The fair value of DSUs is determined in accordance with the DSU Plan, which uses the average closing price for HPS shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant date. The DSU liability is included within accrued liabilities.

## (m) Provisions

Provisions comprise liabilities of uncertain timing or amounts that arise from restructuring plans, environmental, litigation, commercial or other risks. Provisions are recognized when there exists a legal or constructive obligation stemming from a past event  and  when  the  future  cash  outflows  can  be  reliably  estimated.  A  provision  for warranties is recognized when the underlying products or services are sold. The provision is based on historical warranty data and a weighting of all possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.  A restructuring provision relating to a sale or termination of a line of business, the closure of business locations in a country or region, changes in management structure or fundamental reorganizations that have a material effect of the nature or focus of the Group's operations are recognized when the Group has a detailed, formal plan for the restructuring that identifies:

- The business or part of a business concerned;
- The principal locations affected;
- The location, function and approximate number of employees affected;
- The expenditures that will be undertaken; and
- When the plan will be implanted.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

Notwithstanding the above, no provision is recorded until such time a valid expectation by those affected by the plan has been raised.

## (n) Revenue

The Group recognizes revenue using a 5-step approach:

- Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer.
- Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract.
- Step 3: Determine the transaction price.
- Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract.
- Step 5: Recognize revenue when (or as) the Group satisfies a performance obligation.

The Group considers a performance obligation satisfied when 'control' of the goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer. A performance obligation represents a good and service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same. The Group typically satisfies its performance obligation upon shipment of its transformers. Any required testing or compliance requirements will have been satisfied prior to shipment of the transformer. Payment is typically due within 30 days of shipment, with limited customers being granted extended terms of up to 60 days.  As a result, consideration is generally fixed and does not contain any significant financing components. The Group has a return policy for credit on standard stocked items and no custom build product can be returned. Historically, returns have been minimal and are expected to continue to remain low. The Group's product is purchased with a standard warranty and there is no option to purchase any additional warranty coverage.

A  contract  asset  represents  the  Group's  right  to  consideration  in  exchange  for  goods  or  services  that the Group has transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. In contrast, a receivable represents the Group's unconditional right to consideration in that only the passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

Incremental costs to obtain a contract are typically short-term in nature and the Group applies the practical expedient permitted under IFRS 15 to recognize such costs as an expense when incurred if the amortization of the asset that the Group would have otherwise recognized is less than one year.

## (o) Income taxes

Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.  Deferred tax is recognized in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

A deferred tax asset is recognized for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences, to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilized. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realized.

## (p) Employee benefits

The Group maintains a defined contribution plan, which is described in note 19, and have short-term employee benefits.

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans, are recognized as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods in which services are rendered by employees.

Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognized for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

## (q) Finance income and finance costs

Finance  income  and  finance  costs  comprise  interest  income,  interest  expense  on  borrowings,  foreign currency losses (including changes in fair value of derivative foreign currency financial instruments measured at fair value through profit and loss), the Group's share of income or losses arising from its investment in joint ventures and other finance costs.

Foreign currency gains and losses are reported on a net basis.

## (r) Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share ('EPS') data for its common shares. Basic EPS is calculated by dividing net earnings of the Group by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted EPS are computed similar to basic EPS except that the weighted average shares outstanding are increased to include additional shares from the assumed exercise of stock options, if  dilutive.  The  number  of  additional  shares  is  calculated  by  assuming  that  outstanding  stock  options  were exercised and that proceeds from such exercises along with any unamortized stock-based compensation were used to acquire common shares at the average market price during the year.

## (s) Leases

The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The rightof-use asset is initially  measured  at  cost,  and  subsequently  at  cost  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and impairment losses, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's incremental borrowing rate.  Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

as the discount rate. The group applies a single discount rate to the portfolio of leases with reasonably similar characteristics.

The lease liability is subsequently increased by the interest cost on the lease liability and decreased by lease payments made.  It is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, a change in the estimate or the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, or as appropriate, changes in the assessment of whether a purchase or extension option is reasonably certain to be exercised or a termination option is reasonably certain not to be exercised.

The Group does not recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for contracts that have a lease term of 12 months or less or are low-value assets (under $5,000).

## (t) Government assistance

The Group recognizes government assistance in the statement of operations on a systematic basis over the periods  in  which  the  entity  recognises  expenses  for  the  related  costs  for  which  the  assistance  is  intended to compensate.

## (u) New accounting pronouncements adopted during the period

The Group adopted the following amendments in its financial statements for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2022.  The adoption of the amendments did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

- Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use (Amendments to IAS 16);
- Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract (Amendments to IAS 37);
- Reference to the Conceptual Framework (Amendments to IFRS 3);
- Annual Improvements to IFRS Standard 2018-2020.

## (v) New accounting pronouncements

The  International  Accounting  Standards  Board  has  issued  the  following  Standards,  Interpretations  and Amendments to Standards that are not yet effective, have not yet been adopted by the Group and are not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

The following amendments are effective for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2023:

- Insurance contracts (IFRS 17 and amendments to IFRS 17);
- Definition of accounting estimates (Amendments to IAS 8);
- Disclosure  initiative  -  accounting  policies  (Amendments  to  IAS  1  and  IFRS  Practice  Statement  2 Making Materiality Judgements);
- Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction (Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes); and

The following amendments are effective for the annual period beginning on January 1, 2024:

- Classification of liabilities as current or non-current (Amendments to IAS 1) and Non-current liabilities with convenants (Amendments to IAS 1); and
- Lease liability in a sale and leaseback (Amendments to IFRS 16).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 4. Accounts receivable

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Trade accounts receivable  $  75,147  $  67,359  Value added tax receivable  6,602  1,066  Other receivables  4,952  3,579  $  86,701  $  72,004   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade  accounts  receivable  is  presented  net  of  expected  credit  losses  of  $2,806,000  (December  31,  2021  $2,359,000).

A continuity of the Group's allowance for doubtful accounts is as follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Opening balance  $  2,359  $  2,577  Additional allowances  837  214  Writeoffs  (37)  (6)  Adjustments  (353)  (426)  $  2,806  $  2,359   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 5. Inventories

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Raw materials  $  51,773  $  30,731  Work in progress  3,154  4,206  Finished goods  51,426  27,530  $  106,353  $  62,467   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Raw materials and changes in finished goods, and work in progress recognized as cost of sales during the year amounted to $391,317,000 (2021 - $276,850,000). In addition, during the year, reversal of write-downs in the amount of $78,000 were recognized (2021 - write-downs of $23,000). Inventories carried at net realisable value as at December 31, 2022 were $485,000 (December 31, 2021 - $1,054,000).

## 6. Prepaid and other assets

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Prepaid expenses  $  4,109  $  3,121  Fair value of derivative  -  180  Current portion of long-term lease and note receivable (note 7)  2,839  214  $  6,948  $  3,515   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 7. Long-term lease

Concurrent with the disposal of a product line in 2017, the Group entered into a lease agreement for one of its manufacturing facilities in Italy, under which the purchaser has the use of the plant, which includes both the land and the building, to October 2023. Consideration was in the form of a lease receivable, which the Company has determined meets the definition of a finance lease.

The lease receivable is calculated based on the present value of the future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the lease inception date, determined to be 1.15%. Unless one of the Parties sends to the other a twelve month prior written notice of termination, at the end of each six year term, the agreement will be automatically renewed by an equal period.

## Put and call option

The lease agreement includes a put and call option related to the leased premises, exercisable within 60 days after September 30, 2023. The call option grants the purchaser an option to purchase the premises for consideration equal to 2,225,000 Euros (approximately $3,047,000). The put option grants HPS an option to sell the plant to the purchaser for consideration equal to the initial plant purchase price of 2,225,000 Euros.  Under both the call and put option the plant purchase price will be reduced by 50% of the monthly rent installments received, to a maximum of 375,000 Euros (approximately $513,000). If the purchaser fails to complete the acquisition of the leased premises upon the exercise of the put option by the Company and pay the required consideration, the purchaser will pay 500,000 Euros (approximately $685,000) in liquidated damages. Management has determined that ownership of the leased premises is reasonably certain to be transferred by virtue of the put and call options and accordingly has accounted for the lease as a finance lease.  The put and call options expire November 23, 2023.

As at December 31, 2022 consideration receivable consists of:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Lease receivable of 1,957 EUR (2021 - 2,083 EUR), with monthly lease  payments of 13  EUR, bearing interest of 1.15% per annum.  Gross cash entitlement:  $  2,867  $  3,057  Less: unearned finance income  (28)  (64)  Net lease receivable  2,839  2,993  Less: current portion included within prepaid and other assets  2,839  214  $  -  $  2,779   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aggregate amount of principal payments are expected to be received in the next year.

## 8. Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment comprise owned and leased assets that do not meet the definition of investment property. Carrying amounts of owned and right of use assets are as follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Property, plant and equipment owned  $  34,789  $  25,152  Right-of-use asset  6,953  5,808  $  41,742  $  30,960   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| Land  Buildings  Leaseholds &amp;  Improvements  Machinery &amp;  Equipment  Office  Equipment  Construction  in Progress &amp;  Deposits  Total  Cost  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  4,210  $  17,979  $  1,800  $  54,066  $  11,458  $  2,618  $  92,131  Acquisition (note 30)  -  -  -  8  -  -  8  Additions  -  564  106  2,067  486  1,828  5,051  Disposal  -  -  -  (671)  -  -  (671)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  (12)  (25)  (41)  (263)  (45)  (93)  (479)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  4,198  $  18,518  $  1,865  $  55,207  $  11,899  $  4,353  $  96,040  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  4,198  $  18,518  $  1,865  $  55,207  $  11,899  $  4,353  $  96,040  Acquisition (note 10)  -  -  -  4,713  131  -  4,844  Additions (transfers)  -  1, 180  335  7,405  1,237  (1,511)  8,646  Disposal  -  -  -  (54)  (16)  -  (70)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  (16)  (47)  222  2,280  231  194  2,864  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  4,182  $  19,651  $  2,422  $  69,551  $  13,482  $  3,036  $ 112,324  Accumulated Depreciation  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  -  $  12,110  $  1, 159  $  44,848  $  10,366  $  -  $  68,483  Depreciation for the year  -  816  121  2,183  436  -  3,556  Disposal  -  -  -  (667)  -  -  (667)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  -  (10)  (34)  (401)  (39)  -  (484)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  -  $  12,916  $  1,246  $  45,963  $  10,763  $  -  $  70,888  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  -  $  12,916  $  1,246  $  45,963  $  10,763  $  -  $  70,888  Depreciation for the year  -  826  128  2,908  703  -  4,565  Disposal  -  -  -  (52)  (15)  -  (67)  Effect of movements in  exchange rates  -  (17)  190  1,795  181  -  2,149  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  -  $  13,725  $  1,564  $  50,614  $  11,632  $  -  $  77,535  Carrying amounts  At December 31, 2021  $  4,198  $  5,602  $  619  $  9,244  $  1, 136  $  4,353  $  25,152  At December 31, 2022  $  4,182  $  5,926  $  858  $  18,937  $  1,850  $  3,036  $  34,789   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation is recorded in the statement of earnings as follows: cost of sales $4,098,000 (2021 - $3,198,000), selling and distribution $nil (2021 - $nil) and general and administrative $467,000 (2021 - $358,000).

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Right of use assets

The Group leases many assets including buildings, vehicles and office equipment.  Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below.

| Buildings  Vehicles  Office  Equipment  Total  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  6,187  $  529  $  8  $  6,724  Additions  853  299  44  1, 196  Depreciation  (1,668)  (290)  (16)  (1,974)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (135)  (3)  -  (138)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  5,237  $  535  $  36  $  5,808  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  5,237  $  535  $  36  $  5,808  Additions  3,527  145  -  3,672  Disposal  (466)  (47)  -  (513)  Depreciation  (2,159)  (273)  (15)  (2,447)  Effect of movements in exchange rates  390  43  -  433  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  6,529  $  403  $  21  $  6,953   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Certain building leases maintained by the Group contain renewal options. Where practicable, the Group seeks to include extension options in new leases to provide operational flexibility. The majority of the Group's lease payments related to its production facilities located in Mexico. The first renewal option commenced in May 2020, with annual lease payments of $621,000, and is for a five-year term. The Group retains rights to renew this lease for 3 successive 5-year periods.  The Group's lease on its second Mexican production facility expires March 31, 2023 and carries annual lease payments of $581,000. The Group is in negotiations with the lessor to  extend  this  lease.  The  extension  options  held  are  exercisable  only  by  the  Group  and  not  by  the  lessors. The Group assesses at lease commencement whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the options.

## 9. Investment in properties

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Glen Ewing Property  $  1,044  $  1,044  Marnate Property (net of accumulated  depreciation of $1,624 (2021 - $1,415))  2,077  2,250  $  3,121  $  3,294   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Glen Ewing Property

The Group has a 50% ownership interest in a property in Georgetown, Ontario, (referred to as the Glen Ewing Property). It is a vacant plot of land currently under environmental remediation, and no revenue was derived from it in 2022 or 2021. The property is carried at cost. The estimated fair value of the property as at December 31, 2022 is $1,150,000 (2021 - $1,150,000). The fair value was determined based on independent available market evidence, with reference to comparable market transactions. The Group's share of ongoing legal, consulting and remediation costs during the year was $148,000 (2021 - $139,000).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Marnate Property

The Group owns a property in Marnate, Italy, (referred to as the Marnate Property). As part of the sale transaction of certain of the assets and liabilities of the Italian company in 2019, the purchaser has leased the Marnate Property for a period of five years at an annual rental amount of 90,000 EUR (approximately $131,000). The operating expenses for this property were  225, 000 EUR (approximately  $326,000) in 2022 and 169,000 EUR (approximately $251,000) in 2021.   Depreciation on the facility was recorded in the statement of earnings as general and administrative expenses in the amount of $184,000 (2021 - $163,000). The estimated fair value of the  property  as  at  December  31,  2022  is  1,566,000  Euros  (approximately  $2,272,000).  The  fair  value  was determined  based  on  independent  available  market  evidence,  based  on  comparable  property  sales,  by  an independent valuator.

## 10. Corefficient

The Company and National Material L.P. ('National') have operated the joint venture in Monterrey, Mexico under the name Corefficient S. de R.L. de C.V. ('Corefficient '). Effective February 28, 2022, the Company and National have agreed to divide the operations, with HPS retaining certain equipment, employees, obligations, and other financial assets and liabilities, and National withdrawing certain assets and capital in exchange for redeeming their  ownership  interest.    The  Corefficient  name  was  also  retained  by  National.  The  operation  continues  to produce transformer cores to supply the Group's facilities in Mexico.

Total consideration received by National in connection with this transaction was $10,809,000 comprised of inventory valued at $1,705,000, property, plant and equipment valued at $5,589,000 and a note payable in the amount of $3,515,000, repayable in six equal installments, due monthly commencing March 2022.

As a result of this transaction, the Company now owns 100% of the equity and voting interests of the former Corefficient (referred to here as 'Corefficient') and continued the business within Hammond Power Solutions Latin America S. de R.L. de C.V. and continues to operate the entity as a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. As  the  Company  has  acquired  control  of  the  former  joint  venture,  the  transaction  constitutes  a  business combination.  The Company has measured the fair value of its previously held interest in Corefficient immediately prior to obtaining control and determined it to be equivalent to its carrying value.

The allocation of the fair value of the acquired business is as follows:

| Cash  $  3,393  Accounts receivable and other assets  16,513  Inventories  1,459  Property, plant and equipment  5,317  Deferred future tax asset  2,431  Assets  $  29,113  Current liabilities  $  15,900  Fair value of acquired business  $  13,213   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The accounts receivable balance of $13,928,000, included in Accounts receiveable and other assets above, is presented net of expected credit losses of $293,000. The contractual cash flows not expected to be collected is $nil.

Included in the Group's consolidated results to February 28, 2022, the date of acquisition, the Group's share of income of investment in joint venture of $4,000 (2021 - $61,000).

The agreement includes a contingent consideration element relating to unrecognized tax loss carryforwards generated  by  Corefficient,  underwhich  if  the  Company  is  able  to  utilize  the  losses  following  the  business combination, the Company must pay National 45% of the tax savings realized, to a maximum of $837,000. As at the acquisition date, the fair value of the consideration was determined to be $nil.

The acquisition costs incurred related to this transaction during the year were $177,000 which were included in general and administrative expense.

Included in the Group's consolidated results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, is revenue of $5,191,000 and net earnings of $2,828,000 recognized by Corefficient from the date of acquisition to December 31,  2022.  If  the  Company  had  acquired  Corefficient  effective  January  1,  2022,  the  revenue  would  have  been approximately $5,191,000 and there would have been net income of $2,834,000. The revenue for the consolidated group would have been approximately $558,464,000 and net income of the consolidated group would have been $44,834,000.

## 11. Intangible assets

| Intangible assets  Technology  and Patents  Customer lists,  relationships  and branding  Externally  acquired  software  Total  Cost  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  6,119  $  8,659  $  7,438  $  22,216  Acquisition (note 30)  1,710  3,374  -  5,084  Additions  -  -  1,016  1,016  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (53)  (27)  (1)  (81)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  7,776  $  12,006  $  8,453  $  28,235  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  7,776  $  12,006  $  8,453  $  28,235  Additions  -  -  686  686  Effect of movements in exchange rates  33  (311)  (45)  (323)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  7,809  $  1,695  $  9,094  $  28,598   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| ## Accumulated Amortization  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  4,630  $  7,181  $  4,504  $  16,315  Amortization for the year  216  833  422  1,471  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (27)  (26)  (1)  (54)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  4,819  $  7,988  $  4,925  $  17,732  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  4,819  $  7,988  $  4,925  $  17,732  Amortization for the year  304  872  2,610  3,786  Effect of movements in exchange rates  (33)  (493)  (44)  (570)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  5,090  $  8,367  $  7,491  $  20,948  Balance at  At December 31, 2021  $  2,957  $  4,018  $  3,528  $  10,503  At December 31, 2022  $  2,719  $  3,328  $  1,603  $  7,650   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization of $2,704,000 (2021 - $617,000) has been recognized in cost of sales, $120,000 (2021 - $123,000) has been recognized in selling and distribution and $961,000 (2021 - $731,000) has been recognized in general and administrative.

None of the intangible assets has been internally developed.

Research and development expenses of $425,000 (2021 -$945,000) have been recognized in cost of sales in  the  consolidated  statements  of  earnings.    No  research  and  development  costs  have  been  capitalized (2021 - $nil).

## 12. Goodwill and impairment testing for cash-generating units

| Goodwill  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Opening balance  $  12,216  $  10,908  Addition (note 30)  -  1,422  Effect of movements of exchange rates  (192)  (114)  Ending balance  $  12,024  $  12,216   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company conducts its annual impairment assessment of CGUs which contain goodwill, as well as any corresponding acquired long-lived assets including intangible assets and property, plant and equipment in the fourth quarter of each year, which corresponds with its annual planning cycle, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or CGU may not be recoverable.  The Company did not identify any triggering events during the course of 2022 indicating that the carrying amount of its assets and CGUs may not be recoverable, which would require the performance of an impairment test for those CGUs which did not contain goodwill.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Impairment testing for cash-generating units containing goodwill

The Company has three subsidiaries identified as CGUs that contain goodwill. The CGUs and their respective goodwill balances are as follows: Delta Transformers Inc. ('Delta') $2,180,000 (2021 - $2,180,000), Hammond Power Solutions Private Limited ('India') $8,226,000 (2021 - $8,527,000) and Mesta Electronics Inc. ('Mesta') $1,618,000 (2021 - $1,509,000).

For  its  2022  annual  impairment  assessment  of  CGUs  containing  goodwill,  the  Company  used  cash  flow projections based primarily on its business plan for the following year, and projections for the ensuing four year period. The Company's business plan is primarily based on financial projections submitted by its subsidiaries in the fourth quarter of each year, together with inputs from customer teams. This plan is subjected to reviews by various levels of management as part of the Company's annual planning cycle, and is approved by the Board of Directors. The values used in the cash flow projections are based on historical sales, internal growth rate assumptions, and available market data.

## India

Based on the Company's projections, a five year cash flow forecast was completed and discounted to presentvalue using discount rate of 18.8% (2021 - 20.0%). Through the five year cash flow projections, the Company's model also incorporated year 1 sales growth rates of 44.3% (2021 - 82.3%), which reflects additional growth in manufacturing of a product line that was new for 2022 in India.  The annual sales growth rates for year 2 to year 5 are in the range of -9.1% - 19.0% (2021 - year 2 to year 5 - 10.5% - 36.2%) based on the CGUs operating history and strategic sales growth initiatives. Cash flows beyond the five year period have been extrapolated using terminal growth rate of 8% (2021- 8%).

## Delta

Based on the Company's projections, a five year cash flow forecast was completed and discounted to presentvalue using discount rate of 16.6% (2021 -12.3%). Through the five year cash flow projections, the Company's model also incorporated year 1 sales growth rates of  16.9% (2021 - 19.9%). The annual sales growth rates for year 2 to year 5 are 2.4% - 3.9% (2021 - year 2 to year 5 - 3.0%) based on the CGUs operating history and strategic sales growth initiatives. Cash flows beyond the five year period have been extrapolated using terminal growth rate of 3% (2021 - 2%).

## Mesta

Based  on  the  Company's  projections,  a  five  year  cash  flow  forecast  was  completed  and  discounted  to present-value using discount rate of 27.4 % (2021 - 26.8 %). Through the five year cash flow projections, the Company's model also incorporated annualized year 1 sales growth rate of  83.0 % (2021 - 304 %).  The annual sales growth rates for year 2 to year 5 are 3%  (2021 - 5 % - 15.4 %) based on the CGUs operating history and strategic sales growth initiatives. Cash flows beyond the five year period have been extrapolated using terminal growth rate of 3% (2021 - 3.0 %).  This was then compared to the carrying value of the CGU to determine if there was impairment.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

Management's  approach  to  determining  projected  revenue  includes  consideration  of  current  bookings, committed product line expansions (for which no additional capital expenditure is required), consultation with its  salesforce  and  historical  results.  The  Company's  process  for  determining  projected  gross  margin  rates includes consideration of current pricing information from suppliers and historical gross margin rates realized by the Company.  The Company determines the terminal growth rate with reference to published economic data pertaining to the applicable industry and country in which the cash generating unit operates.  The discount rate is determined with reference to the cash generating unit's weighted average cost of capital.

While management believes that estimates of future cash flows and discount rates are reasonable, different assumptions regarding future cash flows or discount rates could materially affect the outcome of the impairment test.   Management believes that certain reasonable possible changes in the key assumptions on which the recoverable amounts are based could cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount in the India CGU. As of December 31, 2022, a discount rate increase of 7.6% or an 8.7% lower terminal growth rate than the assumptions utilized  would cause the estimated recoverable amount to be equal to the carrying amount for this CGU (December 31, 2021 - a discount rate increase of 4.8% or an 8.2% lower terminal growth rate).

For  the  Delta  and  Mesta  CGUs,  management  believes  that  any  reasonable  possible  change  in  the  key assumptions on which the recoverable amounts are based would not cause the carrying amount to exceed the recoverable amount.

Upon completion of the annual impairment assessment it was determined that the recoverable amount of the CGUs exceeded their respective carrying values and no impairment existed as at December 31, 2022.

## 13. Bank operating lines of credit

The Group's North American current banking agreement, which expires in June 2026, consists of a $50,000,000 U.S.  revolving  credit  facility.  The  revolving  credit  facility  can  be  drawn  in  U.S.  Prime  borrowings,  Canadian Prime borrowings, Canadian Dollar Offered Rate ('CDOR') borrowings or the London Inter-Bank Offered rate ('LIBOR') benchmark replacement rate borrowings. The facilities are unsecured.

Interest on the revolving credit lines is dependent on certain financial ratios and ranges from Canadian bank prime rate plus 0.0% to Canadian bank prime rate plus 0.4% for the Canadian dollar denominated revolving credit lines or, if designated, the bank's CDOR rate plus 1.40% to 1.90% and the Canadian overdraft loans at Canadian bank prime rate; and from U.S. base rate minus 1.00% to U.S. base rate minus 0.50% for the U.S. dollar denominated revolving credit lines or, USD overdraft loan at USD prime minus 1.00%.

The Group also has a 4,070,000 EUR unsecured Euro facility that matures June 2026 and may be renewed in writing each year to extend the maturity date for the facility for a further 365 days, subject to approval from the lender. The facility is comprised of a 3,750,000 Euro revolver and 250,000 Euro overdraft facility, as well as a 70,000 EUR letter of credit line. The revolver facility bears interest at 2.25% plus the relevant Market Index (2021 - plus margin of 2.25%, Euribor on December 31, 2021 - 1.75%, Euribor on December 31, 2021 - 0.499%).

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

Hammond Power Solutions Private Limited maintains an additional demand credit facility for an unsecured working capital loan up to 515,000,000 Indian Rupee (INR') (2021 - 515,000,000 INR) consisting of the subfacilities of a 40,000,000 INR (2021 - 90,000,000 INR) short-term working capital demand loan, a 475,000,000 INR (2021 - 425,000,000 INR) facility for bank guarantees. The demand loan bears interest at a MCLR + 2.5% and the bank guarantees are at a rate of 1.0%.  As at December 31, 2022, there was $nil Canadian dollar equivalent of Rupees drawn against the working capital demand loan (2021 - $nil). As at December 31, 2022 there was 265,106,000 INR, Canadian equivalent $4,347,000 (2021 - 263,604,000 INR, Canadian equivalent $4,481,000) drawings against the bank guarantees.

Based on exchange rates in effect at December 31, 2022, the combined Canadian dollar equivalent available across all facilities, prior to any utilization of the facilities was $82,122,000 (2021 - $77,788,000).

As at December 31, 2022, the Canadian dollar equivalent outstanding under the U.S. dollar revolving credit facility  was  $1,531,000,  consisting  of  $1,531,000  Canadian  dollars  drawn  and  the  Canadian  equivalent  of  $nil U.S. dollars drawn (2021 - $14,777,000 - consisting of $12,598,000 Canadian dollars drawn and the Canadian equivalent of $2,179,000 U.S. dollars drawn). As well, $4,623,000 (2021 - $4,490,000) Canadian dollar equivalent of Euros was outstanding under the Euro facility, and $nil (2021 - $nil) Canadian dollar equivalent of Indian rupees under the Rupee facility. Amounts drawn on the facility have been recognized as current liabilities based on the Company's anticipated repayment plans.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 14. Lease and other long-term liabilities

Lease liabilities

Contingent consideration (note 27)

Current

Non-Current

## Right of use liability maturity analysis contractual undiscounted cash flows

Amounts recognized in statement of operations

Interest on lease liabilities

Amounts recognized in statement of cash flows

Payment of lease liabilities

## 15. Commitments

Capital expenditure commitments

December 31, 2022

$

8,593

2,846

11,439

4,434

7,005

December 31, 2021

$

7,980

1,509

9,489

3,128

6,361

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Less than one year  $  3,198  $  2,762  One to five years  5,905  5,457  More than five years  -  94  Total undiscounted lease liabilities  $  9,103  $  8,313  Less: effect of discounting and foreign exchange  $  (510)  $  (333)  Lease liabilities included in the statement of financial position  $  8,593  $  7,980  Current  $  2,925  $  2,512  Non-current  $  5,668  $  5,468   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

$

232

Year Ended

December 31, 2022

$

3,004

December 31, 2022

$

3,484

Year Ended

December 31, 2021

$

254

Year Ended

December 31, 2021

$

2,724

December 31, 2021

$

483

$

$

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 16. Income taxes

Income tax expense

Current tax expense

Current period

Deferred tax recovery

Origination and reversal of temporary differences

Decrease in tax rate

Total income tax expense

$

$

2022

15,234

(2,894)

1

(2,893)

12,341

$

$

2021

7,110

(1,071)

35

(1,036)

6,074

| Reconciliation of effective tax rate  2022  2022  2021  2021  Net earnings  $  44,828  $  15,176  Income tax expense  12,341  6,074  Earnings before income taxes  57,169  21,250  Income tax expense using the Company's  domestic tax rate  39.50%  22,582  39.50%  8,394  Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions  (12.82%)  (7,328)  (12.49%)  (2,654)  Decrease in tax rate  0.00%  1  0.16%  34  Non-deductible expenses/non-taxable  income  (0.50%)  (284)  0.23%  49  Reduced rate for active business and  manufacturing and processing  (1.89%)  (1,081)  (1.81%)  (385)  Losses for which no deferred tax asset was  recognized  (4.05%)  (2,314)  2.29%  487  Basis difference in subsidiary  0.00%  -  0.15%  32  Dividend withholding tax  0.84%  478  0.00%  -  Other  0.50%  287  0.55%  117  21.58%  $  12,341  28.58%  $  6,074   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Unrecognized temporary differences

At December 31, 2022, pre-tax temporary differences of $127,871,000 (2021 - $94,347,000) related to investments in subsidiaries were not recognized because the Company controls whether the liability will be incurred and it is satisfied that it will not be incurred in the foreseeable future.  The tax liability in the event the Company were to sell these investments would be $15,984,000 (2021- $11,793,000) based on current tax rates.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Tax losses  $  9,561  $  13,529  Basis difference in subsidiary  30,688  32,831  Financial interests deductible in a future period  4,552  3,309  Provisions  1,201  549  $  46,002  $  50,218   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial interests deductible, provisions and $9,453,000 of tax losses carry forward indefinitely and relate to HPS S.p.A. and Continental Transformers s.r.l. The tax losses of $108,000 carry forward to 2023 and relate to Montran S.A. de C.V. The basis difference in subsidiary, when realized, will provide the Company a capital loss that carries forward indefinitely. The benefit of these items has not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements as it is uncertain as to whether the Company will be able to utilize the deductions.

## Recognized deferred tax assets and liabilities

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are attributable to the following:

| Assets  Liabilities  2022  2021  2022  2021  Property, plant and equipment  $  1, 166  $  811  $  (3,539)  $  (3,552)  Intangible assets  415  91  (468)  (555)  Scientific research and experimental  development  44  44  (17)  (36)  Inventories  653  225  -  -  Long-term lease  -  -  (3,832)  (3,402)  Loans and borrowings  1,833  1,950  -  -  Employee benefits  1,445  593  (161)  (159)  Unrealized losses (gains) on  forward contracts and  foreign denominated loans  payable/receivable  184  274  (2)  (77)  Provisions and tax reserves  3,299  2,263  -  (4)  Tax loss carry-forwards  5,140  2,164  -  -  Basis difference in subsidiary  1,736  1,339  -  -  Tax assets (liabilities)  15,915  9,754  (8,019)  (7,785)  Set off of tax  (7,902)  (7,384)  7,902  7,384  Net tax assets (liabilities)  $  8,013  $  2,370  $  (117)  $  (401)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

Movement in temporary differences during the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Balance  December 31, 2021  Recognized in  retained earnings  Recognized in  profit or loss  Recognized  in other  comprehensive  income  Balance  December 31, 2022  Property, plant and equipment  $  2,741  $  (392)  $  24  $  -  $  2,373  Intangible assets  464  -  (411)  -  53  Scientific research and  experimental development  (8)  -  (19)  -  (27)  Inventories  (225)  -  (428)  -  (653)  Long-term lease  3,402  -  430  -  3,832  Loans and borrowings  (1,950)  -  117  -  (1,833)  Employee benefits  (434)  -  (850)  -  (1,284)  Unrealized gains on  forward contracts and  foreign-denominated loans  payable/receivable  (197)  -  15  -  (182)  Provisions and tax reserves  (2,259)  (255)  (785)  -  (3,299)  Tax loss carry-forwards  (2,164)  (1,799)  (1,177)  -  (5,140)  Basis difference in subsidiary  (1,339)  -  (397)  -  (1,736)  $  (1,969)  $  (2,446)  $  (3,481)  $  -  $  (7,896)  Foreign exchange  $  588  Income tax expense  $  (2,893)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movement in temporary differences during the year ended December 31, 2021:

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| Balance  December 31, 2020  Recognized in  retained earnings  Recognized in  profit or loss  Recognized  in other  comprehensive  income  Balance  December 31, 2021  Property, plant and equipment  $  3,226  $  -  $  (485)  $  -  $  2,741  Intangible assets  637  -  (173)  -  464  Scientific research and  experimental development  (12)  -  4  -  (8)  Inventories  (291)  -  66  -  (225)  Long-term lease  3,636  -  (234)  -  3,402  Loans and borrowings  (2,414)  -  464  -  (1,950)  Employee benefits  (180)  -  (254)  -  (434)  Unrealized gains on  forward contracts and  foreign-denominated loans  payable/receivable  (130)  -  (67)  -  (197)  Provisions and tax reserves  (1,962)  -  (297)  -  (2,259)  Tax loss carry-forwards  (2,035)  -  (129)  -  (2,164)  Basis difference in subsidiary  (1,448)  -  109  -  (1,339)  $  (973)  $  -  $  (996)  $  -  $  (1,969)  Foreign exchange  $  (40)  Income tax expense  $  (1,036)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17. Share capital

## (a) Authorized:

Unlimited number of special shares, discretionary dividends, non-voting, redeemable and retractable.

Unlimited number of Class A subordinate voting shares, no par value.

Unlimited number of Class B common shares with four votes per share, convertible into Class A subordinate voting shares on a one-for-one basis. Annual dividends on the Class B common shares may not exceed the annual dividends on the Class A subordinate voting shares, no par value.

## (b) Issued:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  9,056,624   Class A subordinate voting shares (2021 - 9,011,624)  $  15,233  $  14,879  2,778,300   Class B common shares (2021  2,778,300)  7  7  11,834,924   Total A and B shares (2021 - 11,789,924)  $  15,240  $  14,886   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the year ended December 31, 2022, 45,000 Class A shares were issued upon exercise of stock options, resulting in cash proceeds of $298,000 and a transfer of $56,000 from contributed surplus. During the year ended December 31, 2021, 45,000 Class A shares were issued upon exercise of stock options, resulting in cash proceeds of $329,000 and a transfer of $66,000 from contributed surplus.

The following dividends were declared and paid by the Company:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  38.5 cents per Class A subordinate voting shares (2021 - 34 cents)  $  3,486  $  3,064  38.5 cents per Class B common shares (2021 - 34 cents)  1,070  945  $  4,556  $  4,009   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c)       Stock option plan

The Company uses a stock option plan to attract and retain key employees, officers and directors.  Shareholders have approved a maximum of 1,200,000 Class A shares for issuance under the Stock Option Plan, with the maximum  reserved  for  issuance  to  any  one  person  at  5%  of  the  Class  A  shares  outstanding  calculated immediately prior to the time of the grant. As per the Stock Option Plan, the Board of Directors may, at its sole discretion, determine the time during which the options shall vest and the method of vesting, or that no vesting restriction shall exist. The stock option exercise price is the price of the Company's common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange at closing for the day prior to the grant date on which the Class A shares traded. The period during which an option will be outstanding shall be 7 years, or such other time fixed by the Board of Directors, subject to earlier termination upon the option holder ceasing to be a director, officer or employee of the Company. Options issued under the plan are non-transferable unless specifically provided in the Stock Option Plan. Any option granted, which is cancelled or terminated for any reason prior to exercise, shall become available for future stock option grants. All options are to be settled by physical delivery of shares.

There were no options granted for the year ended December 31, 2022, or the year ended December 31, 2021. Options outstanding and exercisable as at December 31, 2022:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Number of  options  Weighted  average  exercise price  Number of  options  Weighted  average  exercise price  Outstanding, beginning of year  115,000  $  6.36  190,000  $  6.77  Exercised  (45,000)  6.62  (45,000)  7.30  Cancelled  -  -  (10,000)  7.50  Expired  -  -  (20,000)  7.50  Outstanding, end of year  70,000  $  6.20  115,000  $  6.36   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| Options outstanding  Options exercisable  Exercise price  Number  of options  outstanding  Weighted  average  remaining  contractual life  (years)  Weighted  average  exercise price  Number  of options  exercisable  Weighted  average  exercise price  $  6.20  70,000  1  $  6.20  70,000  $  6.20   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Terms and conditions of the stock option plan

Options grants detailed below vest as follows:

-   Options granted to directors vest immediately.
-   Options granted to officers and senior management vest evenly over two or three years from the grant date, with one-half of the grant vesting immediately for grants with a two-year vesting period, and one-third of the grant vesting immediately for grants with a three-year vesting period.

The contractual life of the options granted below is seven years from the grant date.

| Option grant date  Number of  options  Recipients  March 10, 2016  70,000  Board of Directors and Officers  Total stock options outstanding  70,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Deferred Share Units

Under the Company's DSU Plan, participants may elect to defer compensation and receive DSUs equal to the value of the deferred compensation. The first DSUs were issued in March 2017. The number of DSUs was determined by dividing the amount of deferred compensation by the fair market value ('FMV') of DSUs, defined in the DSU Plan as the weighted average closing price of HPS shares for the five business days immediately preceding the relevant date. Upon the occurrence of the redemption event, which could include ceasing to hold any position in the Company and/or any subsidiary or upon death of the participant, the affected participant will be entitled to receive a lump sum cash payment, net of applicable withholding taxes, equal to the product of number of DSUs held by that participant and the FMV on the date of the redemption event. The DSUs do not contain any vesting conditions or forfeiture provisions, as they are issued in exchange for deferred compensation, nor are they performance based. Under the DSU Plan, outstanding DSUs as at the record date are increased by the dividend rate whenever dividends are paid to shareholders.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The movement in DSUs for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 is as follows:

| Number of  DSUs  Closing Share  Price  Balance at January 1, 2021  160,534  $  8.47  DSUs issued  61,799  9.20  DSUs redeemed  (20,941)  7.41  Balance at December 31, 2021  201,392  $  11.99   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Number of  DSUs  Closing Share  Price  Balance at January 1, 2022  201,392  $  11.99  DSUs issued  44,152  12.49  DSUs redeemed  (31,569)  11.91  Balance at December 31, 2022  213,975  $  20.12   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

An expense of $2,183,000 (2021 - $1,210,000) was recorded in general and administrative expenses. The liability of $4,153,000 (2021 $2,346,000) related to these DSUs is included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

## 18. Earnings per share

The  computations  for  basic  and  diluted  earnings  per  share  from  net  earnings  are  as  follows:  (earnings  in thousands of dollars)

| 2022  2021  Basic earnings per share  $  3.79  $  1.29  Calculated as:  Net earnings attributable to the equity holders of the Company  $  44,828  $  15,176  Weighted average number of shares outstanding  11,833,674  11,778,674  Fully diluted earnings per share  $  3.77  $  1.28  Calculated as:  Net earnings attributable to the equity holders of the Company  $  44,828  $  15,176  Weighted average number of shares outstanding including effects of  dilutive potential ordinary shares  11,876,359  11,824,822  Reconciliation of weighted average number of shares outstanding:  Weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate  basic earnings per share  11,833,674  11,778,674  Adjustment for dilutive effect of stock option plan  42,685  46,148  Weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate  diluted earnings per share  11,876,359  11,824,822   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022, nil options (2021 - nil) are excluded from the diluted average number of shares calculation as their effect would have been anti-dilutive.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 19. Pension plans

## Defined contribution plan

The Group has defined contribution pension plans that are available to virtually all of its Canadian employees with eligible employee contributions based on 2.00% - 6.75% of annual earnings. The Group's contributions of  $1,764,000  (2021  -  of  $1,748,000)  matches  the  employee  contributions.  The  Group's  contributions  related to  its  defined  contribution  pension  plans  are  recorded  as  follows:    $1,309,000  (2021  -  $1,313,000)  in  cost  of sales,  $222,000  (2021  -  $216,000)  in  selling  and  distribution,  and  $233,000  (2021  -  $219,000)  in  general and administrative.

## 20. Provisions

| Warranties  Site  restoration  Benefits and  incentives  Total  Balance at January 1, 2021  $  1,667  $  231  $  230  $  2,128  Provisions made during the  period  161  130  142  433  Provisions used during the  period  (110)  (145)  (114)  (369)  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  1,718  $  216  $  258  $  2,192  Balance at January 1, 2022  $  1,718  $  216  $  258  $  2,192  Provisions made during the  period  188  130  779  1,097  Provisions used during the  period  (230)  (149)  (91)  (470)  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  1,676  $  197  $  946  $  2,819  Current portion  $  1,676  $  52  $  112  $  1,840  Non-current portion  $  -  $  145  $  834  $  979   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Warranties

The provision for warranties relates mainly to transformers sold during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The provision is based on estimates made from historical warranty data associated with similar products and claims experience. The Group expects to incur most of the liability over the next year.

## Site restoration

The Group has committed to undertaking a joint remediation plan for the Glen Ewing property with the owner of an adjoining industrial property and the co-owner of the property. The Group has recorded a liability for its estimated portion of the joint remediation.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Benefits and incentives

The benefit provision relates to statutory pension and leave benefits related to the India facility.  Substantially all of this benefit is long-term. An incentive agreement dependent on revenue achievements was entered into in 2022 given Mesta's strong performance, scheduled to be paid in February 2024.

## 21. Sales and deferred revenue

Sales have been captured based on the geography of where the product was sold, as follows:

| 2022  2021  Canada  $  184,495  $  130,184  United States and Mexico  349,710  231,738  India  24,259  18,280  $  558,464  $  380,202   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements in the Group's contract liabilities (deferred revenue) was as follows:

| 2022  2021  Opening balance  $  5,027  $  204  Revenue recognized  (5,027)  (204)  Increase in contract liabilities  10,607  5,027  Ending balance  $  10,607  $  5,027   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

From time to time, the Company will require certain customers to advance payment prior to the satisfaction of performance obligations, which generally occurs at a point in time, upon the assumption of ownership of the transformer ordered by the customer.

## 22. Government assistance

During  2020  and  2021,  the  Government  of  Canada  implemented  the  Canada  Emergency  Wage  Subsidy program ('CEWS') that provided a subsidy of up to 75% of eligible remuneration paid by an eligible entity that experienced significant revenue declines due to the COVID-19 pandemic. In 2021, the Company has qualified for subsidy payments. The subsidy amounts relating to 2021 was recorded as a reduction in expenses as follows: cost of sales $2,482,000, selling and distribution $352,000 and general and administrative $649,000 for a total of $3,483,000.

No subsidy amounts were recorded in 2022.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 23. Related party transactions

## Related parties

William G. Hammond, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Company, directly and indirectly, through Arathorn Investments Inc., beneficially owns 2,778,300 (2021 - 2,778,300) Class B common shares of the Company, representing 100% of the issued and outstanding Class B common shares of the Company and 924,802 (2021 - 921,808) Class A subordinate voting shares of the Company, representing approximately 10.2% (2021 - 10.2%) of  the  issued  and  outstanding  Class  A  subordinate  voting  shares  of  the  Company  and  as  a  result  controls the Company.  William G. Hammond owns all of the issued and outstanding shares of Arathorn Investments Inc.  Total  dividends  paid  during  the  year,  directly  and  indirectly  to  William  G.  Hammond  were  $1,432,000 (2021 - $1,283,000).

## Key management personnel compensation

Key management personnel include the Company's directors and members of the executive management team. Compensation awarded to key management is as follows:

| 2022  2021  Salaries and benefits  $  3,499  $  3,511  Share-based awards  2,183  1,210  $  5,682  $  4,721   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24. Personnel expenses

| 2022  2022  Wages and salaries  $  69,624  $  60,492  Group portion of government pension and employment pension and  employment benefits  17,731  15,467  Contributions to defined contribution plans  1,763  1,748  $  89,118  $  77,707   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 25. Change in operating working capital

The table below depicts the receipt of (use of) cash for working capital purposes by the Group:

| 2022  2021  Accounts receivable  $  1,552  $  (18,836)  Inventories  (42,427)  (12,705)  Prepaid expenses and other assets  (870)  (666)  Accounts payable and accrued liabilities  13,038  24,526  Deferred revenue  5,580  4,823  Provisions  (470)  (369)  Settlement of derivatives  89  (1,952)  Foreign exchange  3,969  402  $  (19,539)  $  (4,777)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26. Segment disclosures

The Company operates in a single operating segment, being a manufacturer of transformers. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in Canada, the United States, Mexico and India. Inter-segment sales are made at fair market value.

| Geographic Segments  2022  2021  Sales  Canada  $  184,495  $  130,184  United States and Mexico  349,710  231,738  India  24,259  18,280  $  558,464  $  380,202  Property, plant and equipment and right-of-use  assets - net  Canada  $  15,458  $  15,091  United States  8,992  8,686  Mexico  12,718  3,439  India  4,574  3,744  $  41,742  $  30,960  Investment in properties  Canada  $  1,044  $  1,044  Italy  2,077  2,250  $  3,121  $  3,294   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| 2022  2021  Investment in joint venture  Mexico  $  -  $  13,279  Intangibles, net  Canada  $  1,588  $  3,856  United States  4,400  4,664  India  1,662  1,983  $  7,650  $  10,503  Goodwill  Canada  $  2,180  $  2,180  United States  1,618  1,509  India  8,226  8,527  $  12,024  $  12,216   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27. Financial instruments

## Fair value

The fair value of the Group's financial instruments measured at fair value has been segregated into three levels. Fair value of assets and liabilities included in Level 1 are determined by reference to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. Fair value of assets and liabilities included in Level 2 include valuations using inputs other than quoted prices for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly. Fair value of assets and liabilities included in Level 3 valuations are based on inputs that are unobservable and significant to the overall fair value measurement.

The Group's financial instruments measured at fair value consist of foreign exchange forward contracts and contingent consideration issued in conjunction with a business combination.  The forward foreign exchange contracts have a fair value of a liability of $276,000 as at December 31, 2022 (2021 - net asset of $89,000) and are included in Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. To determine the fair value of the forward foreign exchange contracts, Management used a valuation technique in which all significant inputs were based on observable market data. The gains and losses from these contracts are grouped with foreign exchange gain on the statement of operations. The contingent consideration liability is valued at $2,846,000 as at December 31, 2022 (2021 $1,509,000) and is included in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.  There have been no transfers between levels in 2022 or 2021. The gains and losses from these contracts are grouped with foreign exchange gain on the statement of operations.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The contingent consideration is comprised of three components:

| Employee  performance  Revenue  achievement  Deferred  tax losses  Total  Current  $  616  $  -  $  -  $  616  Non-current  595  298  -  893  Balance at December 31, 2021  $  1,211  $  298  $  -  $  1,509  Current  $  672  $  -  $  837  $  1,509  Non-current  -  1,337  -  1,337  Balance at December 31, 2022  $  672  $  1,337  $  837  $  2,846   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## •     Employee performance

To determine the fair value of the contingent consideration, Management calculated the present value of the expected future payments of four installments of approximately $325,000, discounted using a risk-adjusted discount rate of 3.5%. Two of the payments were made starting January 2022 for a total of $651,000 paid to date. Management considers the risk of non-payment to be low. The estimated fair value would increase (decrease) if:

- ° the risk-adjusted discount rate were lower (higher)
- Revenue achievement

To determine the fair value of the contingent consideration, Management calculated the fair value of the liability based on the present value of the expected payment and a probability weighted formula, discounted using  a  risk-adjusted  discount  rate  of  2.5%.  Management  considers  the  risk  of  repayment  to  be  low. The estimated fair value would increase (decrease) if:

- ° the risk-adjusted discount rate were lower (higher)
- Deferred tax asset - unused tax losses

To  determine  the  fair  value  of  the  contingent  consideration,  Management  assessed  the  probability  of realization  of  future  tax  losses  based  on  the  current  year  profitability  of  the  entity  and  expected  future forecasted earnings.  It was determined that all available losses will be expected to be realized, for which the benefit component for National's 45% realization of certain tax losses. As of December 31, 2022 it was determined to be probable that sufficient future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax losses can be recovered and utilized. The future tax asset value related to these losses was $1,861,000 and a corresponding liability to National of $837,000.

The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, bank operating lines of credit, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities and other liabilities approximate their fair value due to the relatively short period to maturity of the instruments. The lease receivable is valued at the present value of the future receipts which approximates the fair value.

The employee performance and revenue achievement increases of $940,000 were recorded in general and administrative expenses. The deferred tax asset value of $837,000 was recorded in other expenses.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Derivative instruments

The Group has entered into forward foreign exchange contracts in order to reduce the Company's exposure to changes in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar, Euro, Mexican Peso and Indian Rupee as compared to the Canadian dollar. At December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts to buy and sell the following contracts, all with maturity dates in January 2023.

The employee performance and revenue achievement increases were recorded in general and administrative expenses. The deferred tax asset value was recorded in other expenses.

| Buy/Sell  Buy Currency  Selling Currency  Amount of Buy  Currency  Traded  Rate  BUY  EUR  CAD  12,050  1.4485  BUY  EUR  USD  5,300  1.0700  BUY  USD  CAD  72,000  1.3374 - 1.3543  BUY  USD  INR  7,405  81.6400 - 82.5900  BUY  USD  MXN  16,467  19.5400  Buy/Sell  Sell Currency  Buying Currency  Amount of Buy  Currency  Traded  Rate  SELL  EUR  CAD  24,100  1.3942 - 1.4502  SELL  EUR  USD  10,600  1.0434 - 1.0715  SELL  USD  CAD  36,000  1.3538  SELL  USD  INR  3,689  82.4000  SELL  USD  MXN  21,500  19.5010 - 19.6200   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

At December 31, 2021, the Company has outstanding forward foreign exchange contracts to buy and sell the following contracts, all with maturity dates in January 2022.

| Buy/Sell  Buy Currency  Selling Currency  Amount of Buy  Currency  Traded  Rate  BUY  EUR  CAD  12,050  1.4390  BUY  EUR  USD  5,300  1.1385  BUY  USD  CAD  68,500  1.2620 - 1.2652  BUY  USD  INR  8,477  74.7100 - 74.8800  BUY  USD  MXN  14,798  20.530  Buy/Sell  Buy Currency  Selling Currency  Amount of Buy  Currency  Traded  Rate  SELL  EUR  CAD  24,100  1.4288-1.4391  SELL  EUR  USD  10,600  1.1298 - 1.1385  SELL  USD  CAD  36,500  1.2614  SELL  USD  INR  4,257  74.4700  SELL  USD  MXN  29,000  20.6100 - 20.9530   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022 the Group has recognized a net unrealized expense of $276,000 representing the fair value of these forward foreign exchange contracts, comprised of a liability of $276,000 included within accounts payable and accrued liabilities.  As at December 31, 2021 the Group recognized a net unrealized gain of $89,000, comprised of an asset of $180,000 included with prepaid expenses and other assets, and a liability of $91,000 included within accounts payable and accrued liabilities.

## Financial risk management:

The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks by virtue of its activities: market risk (including currency risk, interest rate risk and commodity price risk) credit risk and liquidity risk. The overall risk management program focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimize potential adverse effects on financial performance. There were no changes to types of risk arising from the Group's financial instruments from the previous period.

Risk management is carried out by the finance department under the guidance of the Board of Directors. This department identifies and evaluates financial risks in close cooperation with management. The finance department is charged with the responsibility of establishing controls and procedures to ensure that financial risks are mitigated.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Currency risk:

The Group operates internationally and is exposed to foreign exchange risk from various currencies, primarily U.S.  dollars,  Mexican  Pesos,  the  Euro  and  the  Indian  Rupee.  Foreign  exchange  risk  arises  mainly  from  U.S. dollar denominated purchases in Canada and Canadian sales to the U.S. as well as recognized financial assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. The Company manages its foreign exchange risk by having geographically diverse manufacturing facilities and purchasing U.S. dollar raw materials in Canada. The Company also monitors forecasted cash flows in foreign currencies and attempts to mitigate the risk by entering into forward foreign exchange contracts. Forward foreign exchange contracts are only entered into for the purposes of managing foreign exchange risk and not for speculative purposes.

The following table represents the Group's balance sheet exposure to currency risk as at December 31, 2022:

| U.S. Dollars  Mexican Pesos  Euros  Indian Rupees  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  Cash  $  12,023  $  12,855  14,881  2,323  €  675  €  1,072  338,036  10,871  Accounts receivable  41,666  31,109  16,072  17,650  575  443  262,828  223,097  Long-term lease  receivable  -  -  -  -  1,957  2,083  -  -  Bank operating lines  of credit  -  (1,724)  -  -  (3,063)  (3,072)  -  -  Accounts payable  (18,003)  (23,226)  (16,464)  (14,265)  (160)  (18)  (346,452)  (223,205)  Lease obligation  (6,506)  (5,967)  -  -  -  -  (773)  (3,504)  Contingent  consideration  (2,100)  (1,194)  -  -  -  -  -  -  Net exposure  $  (27,080)  $  11,853  14,489  5,708  €  (16)  €  508  253,639  7,259   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A one cent ($0.01) decline in the Canadian dollar against the U.S dollar as at December 31, 2022 would have decreased net earnings by $487,000 and increased equity by $352,000. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remained constant. Inversely, a one cent ($0.01) increase in the Canadian dollar against the U.S. dollar as at December 31, 2022 would have had an equal but opposite effect.

A one cent ($0.01) decline in the Canadian dollar against the Euro as at December 31, 2022 would have decreased net earnings by $42,000 and impacted equity by $nil.  Inversely, a one cent ($0.01) increase in the Canadian dollar against the Euro as at December 31, 2022 would have had an equal but opposite effect.

A one cent ($0.01) decline in the Canadian dollar against the Indian Rupee as at December 31, 2022 would have increased net earnings and equity by $42,000. Inversely, a one cent ($0.01) increase in the Canadian dollar against the Indian Rupee as at December 31, 2022 would have had an equal but opposite effect.

A one cent ($0.01) decline in the Canadian dollar against the Peso as at December 31, 2022 would have decreased net earnings by $14,000 and increased equity by $9,000.  Inversely, a one cent ($0.01) increase in the Canadian dollar against the Peso as at December 31, 2022 would have had an equal but opposite effect.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Credit risk:

Credit risk arises from the possibility that the Group's customers and counter parties may experience difficulty and be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations. The Group manages this risk by applying credit procedures whereby analyses are performed to control the granting of credit to its customer and counter parties based on their credit rating.  As at December 31, 2022, the Group's accounts receivable are not subject to significant concentrations of credit risk.  The long-term lease receivable is subject to credit risk, which is mitigated by the security of the related plant. The Company's maximum exposure to credit risk associated with the Group's financial instruments is limited to their carrying amount.

The Group's exposure to customer credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer. However, management also considers the factors that may influence the credit risk of its customer base, including the default risk associated with the industry and country in which customers operate.

Management has a credit policy under which each new customer is analysed individually for creditworthiness before the Group's standard payment and delivery terms and conditions are offered. The Group's review includes external ratings, if they are available, financial statements, credit agency information, industry information and in some cases bank references. Sale limits are established for each customer and reviewed quarterly. Any sales exceeding those limits require approval from Executive management.

The Group limits its exposure to credit risk from trade receivables by establishing a reasonable payment period. Many of the Group's customers have been transacting with the Group for a number of years, and none of these customers' balances have been written off or are credit-impaired at the reporting date.

In monitoring customer credit risk, customers are grouped according to their credit characteristics, including their geographic location, industry, trading history with the Group and existence of previous financial difficulties.

An  allowance  account  for  accounts  receivable  is  used  to  record  impairment  losses  unless  the  Group  is satisfied that no recovery of the amount owing is possible; at which point the amounts are considered to be uncollectible and are written off against the specific accounts receivable amount attributable to a customer. The number of days outstanding of an individual receivable balance is the key indicator for determining whether an account is at risk of being impaired.

Expected credit losses are required to be measured through a loss allowance at an amount equal to the 12-month expected credit losses or full lifetime expected credit losses.  The Group has used past due information to  determine  that  there  have  been  no  significant  increases  in  credit  risk  since  initial  recognition.  There  are balances in excess of 30 days past due but the Group does not presume that credit risk has increased given the characteristics of the Group's customers, the industries in which they operate, the customer payment track records and the nature of the products the Group sells.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

During  the  year,  the  expected  credit  losses  for  trade  accounts  receivables  increased  $447,000  (2021  decreased $218,000), for which an expense (2021 - recovery) was recognized in general and administrative expenses.  The aging of accounts receivable and the related allowance is as follows:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Gross  Allowance  Gross  Allowance  Not past due  $  63,877  $  -  $  48,820  $  -  Past due 0-30 days  20,035  -  18,716  -  Past due 31-120 days  3,505  716  5,963  1,495  Past due more than 120 days  2,090  2,090  864  864  $  89,507  $  2,806  $  74,363  $  2,359   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Credit risk:

The carrying amount of financial assets representing the maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date was:

| Carrying Amount  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents  $  28,126  $  20,905  Accounts receivable  86,701  72,004  Lease receivable  2,839  2,993  $  117,666  $  95,902   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The maximum exposure to credit risk for accounts receivable at the reporting date by geographic region was:

| Carrying Amount  December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Canada  $  23,050  $  25,097  United States  55,390  39,546  Mexico  7,705  1,257  Italy  553  334  India  3  5,770  $  86,701  $  72,004   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Interest rate risk:

Interest rate risk is the risk that the future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates. Financial assets and financial liabilities with variable interest rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Changes in market interest rates also directly affect cash flows associated with the Group's bank operating lines of credit that bear interest at floating interest rates.

The Group manages its interest rate risk by minimizing the bank operating lines of credit balances by applying excess funds while maintaining the liquidity necessary to conduct operations on a day-to-day basis as well as actively monitoring interest rates.  A 1% increase or decrease in interest rates as at December 31, 2022 would increase or decrease net earnings by approximately $62,000 (2021 - $193,000) respectively.

## Commodity price risk:

A large component of the Group's cost of sales is comprised of copper and steel, the costs of which can vary significantly with movements in demand for these resources and other macroeconomic factors.  To manage its exposure to changes in commodity prices, the Group will enter into supply contracts with certain suppliers, and from time to time will enter into forward commodity purchase contracts.  As at December 31, 2022, no forward commodity purchase contracts were outstanding (2021 - none).

## Liquidity risk:

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its obligations as they become due.

The Group manages its liquidity risk by forecasting cash flows from operations and anticipated investing and financing activities. Senior Management is also actively involved in the review and approval of planned expenditures.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The following are the carrying amounts and related anticipated contractual maturities of the Group's financial liabilities:

| December 31, 2022  Carrying  amount  1 year or less  1-2 years  2-5 years  Bank operating lines of credit  $  6,154  $  6,154  $  -  $  -  Accounts payable and  accrued liabilities  92,862  92,862  -  -  Contingent consideration  2,846  1,509  1,337  -  Derivative liabilities  276  276  -  -  $  101,301  $  99,964  $  1,337  $  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| December 31, 2021  Carrying  amount  1 year or less  1-2 years  2-5 years  Bank operating lines of credit  $  19,267  $  19,267  $  -  $  -  Accounts payable and  accrued liabilities  70,642  70,642  -  -  Contingent consideration  1,509  616  595  298  Derivative liabilities  91  91  -  -  $  91,509  $  90,616  $  595  $  298   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities:

The following is a reconciliation between the opening and closing balances for liabilities arising from financing activities:

| LIABILITIES  EQUITY  Bank  Operating  Lines of Credit  Lease  Liabilities  Contingent  Consideration  Share  Capital  Retained  Earnings  Total  Balance January 1, 2022  $  19,267  $  7,980  $  1,509  $  14,886  $  106,575  $  150,217  Advances of bank operating  lines of credit, net  (13,113)  -  -  -  -  (13,113)  Payment of contingent  consideration  -  -  (651)  -  -  (651)  Interest payments  (1,596)  233  86  -  -  (1,277)  Exercise of stock options  -  -  -  298  -  298  Cash dividends paid  -  -  -  -  (4,556)  (4,556)  Repayment of lease liability  -  (3,004)  -  -  -  (3,004)  Total changes from  financing cash flows  $  (14,709)  $  (2,771)  $  (565)  $  298  $  (4,556)  $  (22,303)  Other changes  Liability-related  Interest expense  1,596  -  -  -  -  1,596  Foreign exchange  -  108  154  -  -  262  Non-cash additions to lease  liabilities  -  3,199  -  -  -  3,199  Non-cash disposal to lease  liabilities (note 10)  -  590  -  -  -  590  Non-cash disposal to lease  liabilities (note 10)  -  (513)  -  -  -  (513)  Non-cash additions to  contingent consideration  (note 30)  -  -  1,748  -  -  1,748  Total liability-related other  changes  $  1,596  $  3,384  $  1,902  $  -  $  -  $  6,882  Equity-related  Exercise of stock options  -  -  -  56  -  56  Net income  -  -  -  -  44,828  44,828  Total equity-related other  changes  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  56  $  44,828  $  44,884  Balance December 31, 2022  $  6,154  $  8,593  $  2,846  $  15,240  $  146,847  $  179,680   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

| LIABILITIES  EQUITY  Bank  Operating  Lines of Credit  Lease  Liabilities  Contingent  Consideration  Share  Capital  Retained  Earnings  Total  Balance January 1, 2021  $  16,073  $  9,320  $  -  $  14,491  $  95,408  $  135,292  Advances of bank operating  lines of credit, net  3,194  -  -  -  -  3,194  Interest payments  (1,301)  254  -  -  -  (1,047)  Exercise of stock options  -  -  -  329  -  329  Cash dividends paid  -  -  -  -  (4,009)  (4,009)  Repayment of lease liability  -  (2,724)  -  -  -  (2,724)  Total changes from  financing cash flows  $  1,893  $  (2,470)  $  -  $  329  $  (4,009)  $  (4,257)  Other changes  Liability-related  Interest expense  1,301  -  -  -  -  1,301  Foreign exchange  -  (65)  8  -  -  (57)  Non-cash additions to lease  liabilities  -  1, 195  -  -  -  1, 195  Non-cash additions to  contingent consideration  (note 30)  -  -  1,501  -  -  1,501  Total liability-related  other changes  $  1,301  $  1, 130  $  1,509  $  -  $  -  $  3,940  Equity-related  Exercise of stock options  -  -  -  66  -  66  Net income  -  -  -  -  15,176  15,176  Total equity-related other  changes  $  -  $  -  $  -  $  66  $  15,176  $  15,176  Balance December 31, 2021  $  19,267  $  7,980  $  1,509  $  14,886  $  106,575  $  150,217   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 28. Capital risk management

The  Group's  objective  is  to  maintain  a  strong  capital  base  so  as  to  maintain  investor,  creditor  and  market confidence and to sustain future business development. The Group includes cash, bank operating lines, longterm debt and equity, comprising of share capital, contributed surplus and retained earnings in the definition of capital. The Group is not subject to externally imposed capital requirements and there has been no change with respect to the overall capital risk management strategy during the year ended December 31, 2022.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The following table sets out the Group's capital quantitatively at the following reporting dates:

| December 31, 2022  December 31, 2021  Cash and cash equivalents  $  28,126  $  20,905  Bank operating lines of credit  (6,154)  (19,267)  Lease liabilities  (8,593)  (7,980)  Contingent consideration  (2,846)  (1,509)  Share capital  15,240  14,886  Contributed surplus  2,376  2,432  Retained earnings  146,847  106,575  $  174,996  $  116,042   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29. Determination of fair values:

A number of the Group's accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for both financial  and  non-financial  assets  and  liabilities.  Fair  values  have  been  determined  for  measurement  and/ or  disclosure  purposes  based  on  the  following  methods.  When  applicable,  further  information  about  the assumptions made in determining fair values is disclosed in the Notes specific to that asset or liability.

## (a) Derivatives

The fair  value  of  forward  exchange  contracts  is  based  on  valuations  obtained  from  third  parties,  based  on observable market inputs.

Fair values reflect the credit risk of the instrument and include adjustments to take account of the credit risk of the Group entity and counterparty when appropriate.

## (b) Non-derivative financial assets

The fair value of the lease receivable is calculated based on the present value of future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the reporting date.

## (c) Share-based payment transactions

The fair value of DSUs is determined in accordance with the DSU Plan, which uses the average closing price for HPS shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the relevant date.

## (d) Investment properties

The fair values of the investment properties are based on available market evidence as determined by third party valuators using comparable property sale transactions and is considered to be valued at Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

## 30. Acquisition:

On July 23, 2021, Hammond Power Solutions Inc. completed the acquisition of Mesta Electronics, Inc. ('Mesta') in the U.S., acquiring a 100% equity ownership.  Mesta is involved in the design and manufacture of standard and custom active filter and induction heating products.

Mesta' annual revenues for 2019 and 2020 ranged from approximately $4,178,000 - $6,430,000.

Mesta not only expands HPS' U.S. presence but broadens our product offering and manufacturing capabilities in power quality solutions. Management feels that by building on the strengths of both companies, this acquisition will enhance HPS' market share, and performance going forward.

The purchase price has been allocated as follows:

| Cash  $  256  Accounts receivable  90  Inventories and other assets  556  Property, plant and equipment  8  Intangibles (note 14)  5,084  Goodwill (note 12)  1,422  Assets  $  7,416  Current liabilities  $  (831)  Total purchase consideration  $  6,585  Satisfied as follows (in thousands of dollars):  Cash  $  5,032  Accounts payable  52  Contingent consideration  1,501  $  6,585   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The acquisition was accounted for using the purchase method whereby identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition.  The excess of the purchase price over such fair value was recorded as goodwill, which represents the expected synergies to be realized from Mesta's complementary products. The goodwill recognized is anticipated to be fully deductible for income tax purposes.

The transaction includes a contingent component for employee performance during the two years following the closing for up to $1,267,000 (2021 - $1,264,000).  Two payments have been made under this component for a total of $651,000. The remaining liability has been valued at $672,000 (2021 - $1,205,000) and is due in two remaining quarterly installments of equal amounts payable to the remaining selling shareholders.

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (tabular amounts in thousands of dollars, except share and per share amounts)

The  transaction  includes  a  second  contingent  consideration  component  of  up  to  $1,337,000  (2021  $1,257,500), payable 45 days after the third anniversary of the closing date. The liability payment is contingent on management achieving certain revenue targets, and has been recognized at $1,337,000 (2021 - $296,000), based on the Company's assessment of the likelihood of achievement of these targets.

Both contingent liabilities have been recorded as a liability as of December 31, 2022.

The acquisition costs incurred related to this transaction during 2021 were $174,000 which were included in general and administrative expense.

Included in the Group's consolidated results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, is revenue of $14,407,000 and net earnings of $7,365,000. Revenue of $1,042,000 and net earnings of $81,000 was recognized by  Mesta  from  the  date  of  acquisition  to  December  31,  2021.  If  the  Company  had  acquired  Mesta  effective January 1, 2021, the revenue would have been approximately $1,865,000 and there would have been net loss of approximately $8,000. The revenue of the consolidated group would have been approximately $381,025,000 and net income of the consolidated group would have been $15,087,000.

## 31. Subsequent events

## Dividends

On March 7, 2023, the Company declared a dividend of twelve and a half cents ($0.125) per Class A subordinate voting shares of HPS and a quarterly cash dividend of twelve and half cents ($0.125) per Class B common shares of HPS payable on March 30, 2023 to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2023. The ex-dividend date is March 22, 2023.

100

## HPS Offices, Manufacturing Facilities and Warehouse Locations

## Canada

## India

## Hammond Power Solutions Inc.

Corporate Head Office 595 Southgate Drive Guelph, Ontario  N1G 3W6

15 Industrial Road

Walkerton, Ontario  N0G 2V0

10 Tawse Place Guelph, Ontario  N1H 6H9

## Delta Transformers Inc.

795 Industriel Boul.

Granby, Quebec  J2G 9A1

3850 place de Java Suite 200 Brossard, Québec J4Y 0C4

## Hammond Power Solutions Private Limited

Plot No.6A, Phase-1, IDA Pashamylaram, Patancheru Mandal, Sangreddy District, Telangana, India 502307

## Italy

## Hammond Power Solutions S.p.A.

Via Amedeo Avogadro 26 10121 Torino, Italy at R &amp; P Legal

## Mexico

## Hammond Power Solutions S.A. de C.V.

Ave. Avante #810 Parque Industrial Guadalupe Guadalupe, Nuevo Leon, C.P. 67190 Monterrey, Mexico

Ave. Avante #900 Parque Industrial Guadalupe Guadalupe, Nuevo Leon, C.P. 67190 Monterrey, Mexico

## Annual General Meeting of Shareholders to be held:

Thursday, May 11, 2023 1:30 p.m. (EST)

Cutten Fields  (The Cutten Room) 190 College Avenue East Guelph, Ontario   N1H 6L3

## Mexico

## Hammond Power Solutions Latin

## America S. de R.L. de C.V.

Ave. Avante #840 Parque Industrial Guadalupe Guadalupe, Nuevo León, México C.P. 67190

## United States

## Hammond Power Solutions, Inc.

1100 Lake Street

Baraboo, Wisconsin  53913

17715 Susana Road Compton, California  90224

6550 Longley Lane, Suite 135 Reno, Nevada 89511

## Mesta Electronics, Inc.

11020 Parker Drive, North Huntington, Pennsylvania 15642

## Corporate Information

## Corporate Officers and Directors

William G. Hammond * Chairman of the Board and

Chief Executive Officer

Richard C. Vollering Corporate Secretary and

Chief Financial Officer

Grant C. Robinson * +

Director

David J. FitzGibbon * +

Director

Dahra Granovsky * +

Director

Fred M. Jaques * +

Director

Anne Marie Turnbull * +

Director

David M. Wood * +

Director

*   Corporate Governance Committee
+  Audit and Compensation Committee

## Stock Exchange Listing

Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) Trading Symbol: HPS.A

## Registrar and Transfer Agent

Computershare Investor Share

Services Inc.

100 University Avenue

Toronto, Ontario

Canada M5J 2Y1

## Auditors

KPMG LLP

120 Victoria Street South,

Kitchener, ON N2G 0E1

## Legal Representation

Dentons Canada LLP

77 King Street West, Suite 400

Toronto Dominion Centre

Toronto, Ontario  M5K 0A1

## Banking Institution

JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A. 66 Wellington Street West, Suite 4500 Toronto, Ontario M5K 1E7

## Investor Relations

Contact:    David Feick,

Investor Relations

Phone:

519.822.2441 x453

Email:

ir@hammondpowersolutions.com

<!-- image -->

## T H E   B E S T   W AY   T O   P R E D I C T   T H E   F U T U R E   I S   T O   C R E AT E   I T

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->