## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒ Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022.

or

☐ Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

For the transition period from                        to

.

Commission File Number: 001-33519

## PUBLIC STORAGE

( Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

Maryland

( State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization )

95-3551121

( I.R.S. Employer Identification Number )

701 Western Avenue , Glendale, California 91201-2349

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

(818) 244-8080

( Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

## Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| Common Shares, $0.10 par value  PSA  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.150% Cum Pref Share,  Series F, $0.01 par value  PSAPrF  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.050% Cum Pref Share,  Series G, $0.01 par value  PSAPrG  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 5.600% Cum Pref Share,  Series H, $0.01 par value  PSAPrH  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.875% Cum Pref Share,  Series I, $0.01 par value  PSAPrI  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.700% Cum Pref Share,  Series J, $0.01 par value  PSAPrJ  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.750% Cum Pref Share,  Series K, $0.01 par value  PSAPrK  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.625% Cum Pref Share,  Series L, $0.01 par value  PSAPrL  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.125% Cum Pref Share,  Series M, $0.01 par value  PSAPrM  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 3.875% Cum Pref Share,  Series N, $0.01 par value  PSAPrN  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 3.900% Cum Pref Share,  Series O, $0.01 par value  PSAPrO  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.000% Cum Pref Share,  Series P, $0.01 par value  PSAPrP  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 3.950% Cum Pref Share,  Series Q, $0.01 par value  PSAPrQ  New York Stock Exchange  Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.000% Cum Pref Share,  Series R, $0.01 par value  PSAPrR  New York Stock Exchange  Title of Class  Trading  Symbol  Name of exchange on  which registered   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Depositary Shares Each Representing 1/1,000 of a 4.100% Cum Pref Share,  Series S, $0.01 par value  PSAPrS  New York Stock Exchange  0.875% Senior Notes due 2032  PSA32  New York Stock Exchange  0.500% Senior Notes due 2030  PSA30  New York Stock Exchange  Title of Class  Trading  Symbol  Name of exchange on  which registered   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes ☒

No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  the  registrant  is  not  required  to  file  reports  pursuant  to  Section  13  or  Section  15(d)  of  the Exchange Act.

Yes ☐

No ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes ☒

No ☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  submitted  electronically  every  Interactive  Data  File  required  to  be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

Yes ☒

No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer,' 'smaller reporting company,' and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer

☒ ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If  an  emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes ☐

No ☒

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022:

Common Shares, $0.10 par value per share - $47,054,755,000 (computed on the basis of $312.67 per share, which was the reported closing sale price of the Company's Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the 'NYSE') on June 30, 2022).

As of February 16, 2023, there were 175,757,442 outstanding Common Shares, $0.10 par value per share.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held in 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the extent described therein.

## Public Storage

## Form 10-K

## For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2022

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page  Part I  Item 1.  Business  1  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  10  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  19  Item 2.  Properties  20  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  21  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  21  Part II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of  Equity Securities  22  Item 6.  [Reserved]  22  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  22  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk  50  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  50  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  50  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  50  Item 9B.  Other Information  53  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  53  Part III  Item 10.  Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  54  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  54  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder  Matters  54  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Trustee Independence  55  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  55  Part IV  Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  56   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ITEM 1. Business

## Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements

This  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  contains  forward-looking  statements  within  the  meaning  of  the  Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements relating to our 2023 outlook and all  underlying  assumptions,  our  proposal  to  acquire  Life  Storage,  Inc.  ('Life  Storage'),  our  expected  acquisition, disposition,  development,  and  redevelopment  activity,  supply  and  demand  for  our  self-storage  facilities,  information relating  to  operating  trends  in  our  markets,  expectations  regarding  operating  expenses,  including  property  tax  changes, expectations regarding the impacts from inflation and a potential future recession, our strategic priorities, expectations with respect  to  financing  activities,  rental  rates,  cap  rates,  and  yields,  leasing  expectations,  our  credit  ratings,  and  all  other statements other than statements of historical fact. Such statements are based on management's beliefs and assumptions made  based  on  information  currently  available  to  management  and  may  be  identified  by  the  use  of  the  words 'expects,'  'believes,'  'anticipates,' 'should,' 'estimates,' and similar expressions.

These  forward-looking  statements  involve  known  and  unknown  risks  and  uncertainties,  which  may  cause  our actual  results  and  performance  to  be  materially  different  from  those  expressed  or  implied  in  the  forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties that may impact future results and performance include, but are not limited to, those described  in  Part  1,  Item  1A,  'Risk  Factors'  of  this  report  and  in  our  other  filings  with  the  Securities  and  Exchange Commission (the 'SEC').  These include changes in demand for our facilities, impacts of natural disasters, adverse changes in laws and regulations including governing property tax, evictions, rental rates, minimum wage levels, and insurance, our ability  to  consummate  acquisition  transactions,  including  our  proposed  acquisition  of  Life  Storage,  and  to  realize  the intended  benefits  of  such  transactions,  adverse  economic  effects  from  the  COVID-19  Pandemic,  international  military conflicts, or similar events impacting public health and/or economic activity, increases in the costs of our primary customer acquisition  channels,  adverse  impacts  to  us  and  our  customers  from  inflation,  unfavorable  foreign  currency  rate fluctuations, changes in federal or state tax laws related to the taxation of REITs, security breaches, including ransomware, or a failure of our networks, systems, or technology.

These  forward  looking  statements  speak  only  as  of  the  date  of  this  report  or  as  of  the  dates  indicated  in  the statements.  All  of  our  forward-looking  statements,  including  those  in  this  report,  are  qualified  in  their  entirety  by  this cautionary statement. We expressly disclaim any obligation to update publicly or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, new estimates, or other factors, events, or circumstances after the date of  these  forward  looking  statements,  except  when  expressly  required  by  law.  Given  these  risks  and  uncertainties,  you should not rely on any forward-looking statements in this report, or which management may make orally or in writing from time to time, neither as predictions of future events nor guarantees of future performance.

## General Discussion of our Business

Public Storage (referred to herein as the 'Company,' 'we,' 'us,' or 'our'), a Maryland real estate investment trust that has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ('REIT'), was organized in 1980. Our principal business activities include the ownership, development, and operation of self-storage facilities and other related operations including tenant reinsurance and third-party self-storage management. We are the industry leading owner and operator of self-storage properties, with the most recognized brand in the self-storage industry, including our ubiquitous orange color.

## Self-storage Operations:

We acquire, develop, own, and operate self-storage facilities, which offer storage spaces for lease on a month-tomonth basis, for personal and business use. We are the largest owner and operator of self-storage facilities in the United States  ('U.S.'),  with  physical  presence  in  most  major  markets  and  40  states.  We  believe  our  scale,  brand  name,  and technology platform afford us competitive advantages. At December 31, 2022, we held interests in and consolidated 2,869 self-storage facilities (an aggregate of 204 million net rentable square feet of space) operating under the Public Storage® name.

## PART I

## Other Operations:

We manage insurance programs whereby customers at our facilities, including those we manage for third parties, have the option of purchasing insurance from a non-affiliated insurance company to cover certain losses to their stored goods. A wholly-owned, consolidated subsidiary of Public Storage fully reinsures these policies and thereby assumes all risk of losses under the policies. This subsidiary receives from the non-affiliated insurance company reinsurance premiums substantially equal to the premiums collected from our tenants. These policies cover claims for losses related to specified events up to a maximum limit of $5,000 per storage unit. We reinsure all risks in this program but purchase insurance from an independent third party insurer to cover this exposure for a limit of $15.0 million for losses in excess of $5.0 million per occurrence. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.2 million certificates of insurance held by our self-storage customers, representing aggregate coverage of approximately $5.6 billion.

At  December  31,  2022,  we  managed  114  facilities  for  third  parties,  and  were  under  contract  to  manage  78 additional facilities including 73 facilities that are currently under construction. In addition, we sell merchandise, primarily locks and cardboard boxes at our self-storage facilities.

We hold a 35% interest in Shurgard Self Storage Limited ('Shurgard'). Shurgard is a public company traded on Euronext  Brussels  under  the  'SHUR'  symbol.  At  December  31,  2022,  Shurgard  owned  and  operated  266  self-storage facilities (15 million net rentable square feet) located in seven countries in Western Europe under the Shurgard® name. We previously held a significant equity interest in PS Business Parks, Inc. ('PSB'), which we sold in July 2022 in connection with PSB's merger with an unaffiliated third party.

For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 'Code'). For each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will not be subject to  U.S.  federal  corporate  income  tax  on  our  'REIT  taxable  income'  (generally,  taxable  income  subject  to  specified adjustments,  including  a  deduction  for  dividends  paid  and  excluding  our  net  capital  gain)  that  is  distributed  to  our shareholders. We believe we met these requirements in all periods presented herein and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT.

We file  annually  with  the  SEC  annual  reports  on  Form  10-K,  which  include  consolidated  financial  statements certified by our independent registered public accountants. We also file quarterly with the SEC quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, which include unaudited consolidated financial statements. We expect to continue such reporting.

On our website, www.publicstorage.com, we make available, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, definitive proxy statements, and other reports required to be filed  with  or  furnished  to  the  SEC,  as  well  as  all  supplements  and  amendments  to  those  filings,  as  soon  as  reasonably practicable  after  the  filings,  supplements,  and  amendments  are  electronically  filed  with  or  furnished  to  the  SEC.  The information contained on our website is not a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Competition

Ownership  and  operation  of  self-storage  facilities  is  highly  fragmented.  As  the  largest  owner  of  self-storage facilities, we believe that we own approximately 9% of the self-storage square footage in the U.S. and that collectively the five largest self-storage owners in the U.S. own approximately 20%, with the remaining 80% owned by regional and local operators. We believe our Public Storage® brand awareness, as well as our digital customer experience described below, provide us with a competitive advantage in acquiring and retaining customers relative to other self-storage operators.

The  high  level  of  ownership  fragmentation  in  the  industry  is  partially  attributable  to  the  relative  simplicity  of managing a local self-storage facility, such that small-scale owners can operate self-storage facilities at a basic level of profitability  without  significant  managerial  or  operational  infrastructure.  Our  facilities  compete  with  nearby  self-storage facilities owned by other operators, who use marketing channels, including Internet advertising, signage, and banners, and offer services similar to ours. As a result, competition is significant and affects the occupancy levels, rental rates, rental income, and operating expenses of our facilities. However, we believe that the economies of scale inherent in this business result in our being able to operate self-storage facilities at a materially higher level of cash flow per square foot than other operators without our scale.

## Technology

We  believe  technology  enables  revenue  optimization  and  cost  efficiencies.  Over  the  past  few  years  we  have invested in additional technologies that we believe have enabled us to operate and compete more effectively by providing customers with an enhanced digital experience.

Convenient  shopping  experience: Customers  can  conveniently  shop  for  available  storage  space,  reviewing attributes such as facility location, size, amenities (such as climate-control), and pricing through the following marketing channels:

- Our Website: The online marketing channel is a key source of customers. Approximately 79% of our move-ins in 2022 were sourced through our website and we believe that many of our other customers who reserved directly through our customer care center or arrived at a facility and moved in without a reservation, have reviewed our pricing and availability online through our website. We seek to update the structure,  layout,  and  content  of  our  website  regularly  in  order  to  enhance  our  placement  in  'unpaid' search in Google and related websites, to improve the efficiency of our bids in 'paid' search campaigns, and to maximize users' likelihood of reserving space on our website.
- Our Customer Care Center: Our customer care center is staffed by skilled sales specialists and customer service  representatives.  Customers  reach  our  customer  care  center  by  calling  our  advertised  toll-free telephone numbers provided on search engines, from our website, the Public Storage App, or from our in-store kiosks. We believe giving customers the option to interact with a live agent, despite the higher marginal  cost  relative  to  a  reservation  made  on  our  website,  enhances  our  ability  to  close  sales  with potential  customers  and  results  in  greater  satisfaction.  We  also  have  live  Internet  chat  capability  as another channel for our customers to engage  our agents, cost effectively  improving  customer responsiveness.
- Our  Properties: Customers  can  also  shop  for  available  space  at  any  one  of  our  facilities.  Property managers access the same information that is available on our website and to our customer care center agents and can inform the customer of available space at that site or at our other nearby storage facilities. Property managers are trained to maximize the conversion of such 'walk in' shoppers into customers. We  are  expanding  the  use  of  in-store  kiosks  to  give  customers  the  options  of  a  full  self-service experience or a two-way video assisted service via our existing customer care center.

eRental® move-in process: To further enhance the move-in experience, we offer our eRental® process whereby prospective tenants (including those who initially reserved a space) are able to execute their rental agreement from their smartphone or computer and then go directly to their space on the move-in date. More than half of customers utilized our eRental® process during 2022.

Public Storage App: We maintain an industry leading customer smartphone application. The Public Storage App provides our customers with digital access to our properties, as well as payment and other account management functions.

Centralized  information  network: Our  centralized  reporting  and  information  network  enables  us  to  identify changing market conditions and operating trends and analyze customer data. Our network allows us to quickly change each of our individual property's pricing and promotions, and drive marketing spending, such as the relative level of bidding for various paid search terms on paid search engines.

## Growth and Investment Strategies

Our ongoing growth strategies consist of:  (i)  improving  the  operating  performance  of  our  existing  self-storage facilities, (ii) acquiring and developing facilities, and (iii) growing ancillary business activities including tenant reinsurance and third-party management services. While our long-term strategy includes each of these elements, in the short term the level of growth in our asset base in any period is dependent upon the cost and availability of capital, as well as the relative attractiveness of available investment alternatives.

Improve  the  operating  performance  of  existing  facilities: We  regularly  update  and  enhance  our  strategies  to increase  the  net  cash  flow  of  our  existing  self-storage  facilities  through  maximizing  revenues  and  controlling  operating costs. We maximize revenues through striking the appropriate balance between occupancy and rates to new and existing

tenants by regularly adjusting (i) our promotional and other discounts, (ii) the rental rates we charge to new and existing customers, and (iii) our marketing spending and intensity. We inform these pricing and marketing decisions by observing their impact on web and customer care center traffic, reservations, move-ins, move-outs, tenant length of stay, and other indicators of response. The size and scope of our operations have enabled us to achieve high operating margins and a low level of administrative costs relative to revenues through the centralization of many functions, such as facility maintenance, employee  compensation  and  benefits  programs,  revenue  management,  and  the  development  and  documentation  of standardized operating procedures.

Acquire  existing  properties: We  seek  to  capitalize  on  the  fragmentation  of  the  self-storage  industry  through acquiring  attractively  priced,  well-located  existing  self-storage  facilities.  We  believe  our  presence  in  and  knowledge  of substantially all of the major markets in the U.S. enhances our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Data on the rental rates and occupancy levels of our existing facilities provide us an advantage in evaluating the potential of acquisition  opportunities.  Our  aggressiveness  in  bidding  for  particular  marketed  facilities  depends  upon  many  factors including the potential for future growth, the quality of construction and location, the cash flow we expect from the facility when operated on our platform, how well the facility fits into our current geographic footprint, and our return on capital expectations.

Develop new self-storage facilities and expand existing facilities: The development of new self-storage locations and the expansion of existing facilities has been an important source of our growth. Our operating experience in major markets  and  experience  in  stabilizing  new  properties  provides  us  advantages  in  developing  new  facilities.  We  plan  to increase  our  development  activity  when  we  identify  attractive  risk  adjusted  return  profiles  with  yields  above  those  of acquisitions. However, our level of development is dependent upon many factors, including the cost and availability of land, the cost and availability of construction materials and labor, zoning and permitting limitations, our cost of capital, the cost of acquiring facilities relative to developing new facilities, and local demand and economic conditions.

Grow  ancillary  business  activities: We  pursue  growth  initiatives  aimed  at  increasing  our  insurance  offering coverage for tenants who choose to protect their stored items against loss and desire to maximize their storage experience. As we grow our self-storage portfolio we have the opportunity to increase the growth profile of our tenant reinsurance business.

Our  third  party  management  business  enables  us  to  generate  revenues  through  management  fees,  expand  our presence, increase our economies of scale, promote our brand, and enhance our ability to acquire additional facilities over the medium and long-term as a result of strategic relationships forged with third-party owners.

## Compliance with Government Regulations

We are subject to various laws, ordinances, and regulations, including various federal, state, and local regulations that  apply  generally  to  the  ownership  of  real  property  and  the  operation  of  self-storage  facilities.  These  include  various laws and regulations concerning environmental matters, labor matters, and employee safety and health matters. Further, our insurance  activities  are  subject  to  state  insurance  laws  and  regulations  as  determined  by  the  particular  insurance commissioner for each state in accordance with certain federal regulations.

We  are  committed  to  a  long-term  environmental  stewardship  program  that  reduces  emissions  of  hazardous materials into the environment and the remediation of identified existing environmental concerns, including environmentally-friendly capital initiatives and building and operating properties with high structural resilience and low obsolescence. We accrue environmental assessments and estimated remediation costs when it is probable that such efforts will  be  required  and  the  related  costs  can  be  reasonably  estimated.  Our  current  practice  is  to  conduct  environmental investigations  in  connection  with  property  acquisitions.  Although  there  can  be  no  assurance,  we  are  not  aware  of  any environmental contamination of any of our facilities that individually or in the aggregate would be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Refer  to  Item  1A,  'Risk  Factors'  below  for  a  discussion  of  certain  risks  related  to  government  regulations, including risks related to environmental regulations, emergency regulations adopted in response to wildfires, flooding, or public health crises that restrict access to our facilities or the rents we can charge our customers, wage regulations, income tax regulations including relating to REIT qualification, and property tax regulations.

Aside from the regulations discussed therein, we are not aware of any government regulations that have resulted or  that  we  expect  will  result  in  compliance  costs  that  had  or  will  have  a  material  effect  on  our  capital  expenditures, earnings, or competitive position.

## Human Capital Resources

Our  employees  are  the  foundation  of  our  business  and  fundamental  to  our  ability  to  execute  our  corporate strategies and build long-term value for our stakeholders.  In order to maintain a strong foundation, our key human capital management  objectives  are  to  attract,  develop,  and  retain  the  highest  quality  talent.    We  achieve  these  objectives  by committing to our employees to provide a diverse and inclusive workplace, regular and open communication, competitive and supportive compensation and benefits programs, and opportunities for career growth and development.  Together with our core values of doing the right thing and integrity in all that we do, which serve as the cornerstone of our corporate culture, we believe that this commitment facilitates employee engagement and their commitment to Public Storage.

We  have  approximately  5,900  employees,  including  5,090  customer  facing  roles  (such  as  property  level  and customer care center personnel), 380 field management employees, and 430 employees in our corporate operations.

The following is an overview of our key programs and initiatives focused on attracting, developing, and retaining the highest quality talent:

## Diversity and Inclusion

We are committed to creating an inclusive and diverse workplace where all employees feel valued, included, and excited to be part of a best-in-class team.  Our employees come from all different races, backgrounds, and life experiences, and we celebrate inclusion and value the diversity each person brings to Public Storage.  Our commitment to diversity and inclusion makes us a stronger company and instills a sense of pride across our teams as we serve our customers.

In  2021,  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  signed  the  CEO  Action  for  Diversity  &amp;  Inclusion  pledge,  reflecting  our commitment  to  foster  an  environment  where  everyone  feels  valued  and  included.  This  commitment  extends  not  just throughout  Public  Storage  but  across  the  real  estate  industry.  In  this  regard,  in  2022,  we  made  a  founding  donor contribution to the Nareit Dividends through Diversity, Equity &amp; Inclusion Giving Campaign, which is directed at taking actionable  and  sustainable  measures  that  support  the  recruitment,  inclusion,  development,  and  advancement  of  women, black professionals, other people of color, ethnically diverse individuals, and members of other under-represented groups in REITs and the publicly traded real estate industry.

Public Storage hires based on skills, personality, and experience, without regard to age, gender, race, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, or other protected characteristic. We maintain policies regarding diversity, equal opportunity, pay-for-performance, discrimination, harassment, and labor (including opposition to child, forced, and compulsory labor). We also maintain a policy of requiring that diverse candidate slates be considered for all director positions and above.

Adherence to our practice of hiring 'the best' has fostered a diverse and inclusive employee base that reflects the diversity of the customers we serve.  Our commitment to diversity is evident at all levels of the organization. Additionally, by having a balanced mix of generations in the organization, we gain from the experiences each age group brings - our employees are 9% Boomer, 38% Gen X, 36% Gen Y and 17% Gen Z.

<!-- image -->

| Erecutire  All  All Emplorees  Team  Emplorees  Black or African American  People of Colorl  Hispanic or Latino  Female  Asian  39  Other   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We  publicly  disclose  our  annual  Consolidated  EEO-1  report,  which  reflects  the  race,  ethnicity,  and  gender composition of our workforce, on the Investor Relations section of our website.

## Communication and Engagement

Given the geographically dispersed nature of our business, regular and clear communication is critical to ensuring that  employees  feel  informed,  included,  and  engaged.  We  communicate  through  various  channels,  including  email communications, a monthly newsletter and town halls, where we provide employees company strategy and performance updates, employee recognitions and other information and the opportunity to ask questions of our leaders.

In  order  to  better  understand  the  effectiveness  of  our  engagement  strategies,  we  conduct  various  surveys  that measure employee commitment, motivation, and engagement, and solicit employee feedback that helps us improve.  In 2022, 85% of our employees participated in our employee engagement survey, an increase from 80% in 2021, and we achieved employee engagement of 76%. We are committed to continuous listening and improvement for our employees, and  our  feedback  tools  have  guided  enhancements  for  our  employees,  including  the  development  of  additional  career progression opportunities and enhancements to our employee compensation and benefits programs.

We  believe  that  the  success  of  our  engagement  strategies  can  also  be  seen  through  third  party  surveys  and recognition. Among other recognitions, we are proud to be named in 2022 a Great Place to Work® and included on the 2022 Forbes and Statista 'America's Best Large Employers' award list. We have also been recognized by Comparably, Inc. as a 'Choice Employer' with an 'A+' Culture Score based on employee responses across 18 culture metrics, among other recognitions.

## Compensation, Health, Wellness, and Safety

Public Storage maintains compensation and benefits programs designed to incentivize, reward, and support our employees. We believe in aligning employee compensation with our short- and long-term performance goals and providing the compensation and incentives needed to attract, motivate, and retain employees who are crucial to our success. We tailor our  compensation  programs  to  each  employee  group  to  ensure  competitiveness  in  the  market  and  to  drive  employee engagement.

We are committed to the total well-being of all our employees and provide resources to help support them in times of  need  along  with  access  to  targeted  solutions  to  help  them  achieve  their  personal  and  financial  goals.  We  provide affordable  health  plans  and  programs  to  virtually  all  our  employees.  Anyone  working  20  hours  or  more  is  eligible  to participate  in  our  health  benefit  offerings,  which  include  medical,  dental,  vision,  flexible  and  health  savings  accounts, discount  programs,  and  income  protection  plans.  We  also  offer  a  401(k)  plan  with  generous  matching  employer contributions to help our employees prepare for retirement. In addition to these programs, we maintain various employee support programs, including access to counseling, life planning tools, and discount programs for fitness, legal services, and home, auto, and pet insurance. Finally, we offer a range of educational tools and resources, including a dedicated health and wellness website, to help empower our employees to maintain a healthy and balanced lifestyle.

We are committed to providing safe self-storage facilities for our customers and employees.  We conduct monthly safety trainings at all of our properties and an annual safety training at our headquarters.  We did not have any fatal injuries in 2022 and we publicly disclose our employee health and safety data in our annual Sustainability Report.

## Training, Development, Growth, and Recognition

We provide robust training  and  development  programs  across  all  levels  of  Public  Storage  that  are  intended  to provide our employees with the skills, tools, and knowledge they need to not only grow as individuals but also contribute to the value of the organization through strong engagement.

Most new hires join us as property managers without any experience in the self-storage industry. We provide a hands-on  new  hire  training  program  that  provides  close  coaching  and  development.  All  new  hires  in  leadership  roles complete property-level training that gives them a hands-on view of our day-to-day operations at our properties to provide our leaders with an understanding of the fundamentals of our business and operations. We also provide numerous career development opportunities for existing employees across Public Storage, including management training programs. Many of our training and career development programs leverage our online learning platform of training courses and reference materials.  Public Storage employees completed over 430,000 formal training hours in 2022. In addition to formal training programs, we also offer a variety of one-on-one coaching, job shadowing, and mentoring programs.

## Performance Management and Succession Planning

Our  performance  management  processes  are  designed  to  be  collaborative,  where  employees  and  management work together to plan, monitor, and review the employee's objectives and career aspirations and set short- and long-term goals to achieve outcomes.  This process is continual, with regular opportunities for management and employees to give and receive feedback.

Succession planning is a top priority for management and our Board of Trustees (our 'Board') to ensure business continuity.    Leaders  at  all  levels  review  development  opportunities,  provide  feedback,  and  facilitate  career  progression conversations on an ongoing basis to ensure that employees can reach their full potential. Additionally, in 2022, we began development  of  a  new  leadership  accelerator  program  for  women  and  diverse  employees,  which  includes  individual mentorship  and  hands-on  experiences  directed  at  further  enhancing  our  bench  of  women  and  minority  leaders  and management succession planning.

No less than annually, the executive teams meet to review succession bench strength, calibrate talent, and provide recommendations to  prepare  succession  candidates  for  future  leadership  roles  within  the  organization.    This  broad  and collaborative  approach  to  talent  management  works  to  ensure  opportunities  are  made  available  to  employees  to  grow outside of their current function and responsibilities.

## Climate Change and Environmental Stewardship

We are committed to managing climate-related risks and opportunities. This commitment is a key component of our  recognition  that  we  must  operate  in  a  responsible  and  sustainable  manner  that  aligns  with  our  long-term  corporate strategy  and  promotes  our  best  interests  along  with  those  of  our  stakeholders,  including  our  customers,  investors, employees, and the communities in which we do business.

Our management Environmental, Social, and Governance Steering Committee (our 'Sustainability Committee') guides our commitment to sustainability and has primary responsibility for climate-related activities. The Sustainability Committee reports to our Board and its Committees, which oversee all of our sustainability initiatives.

We consider  potential  environmental  impacts-both  positive  and  negative-in  our  decision  making  across  the business. The following features of our properties reflect our commitment to responsible environmental stewardship:

-Low environmental  impact. Our  property  portfolio  has  an  inherently  light  footprint.  On  average,  one  to  two Public Storage employees operate each property at any given time, and our customers are only occasionally on-site because they do not work or reside there. As a result, our properties consume less energy, emit less carbon, use less water, and produce less waste relative to other real estate types.

-Proactive  Initiatives. Despite  our  light  environmental  footprint,  we  proactively  strive  to  reduce  our  impact further  through  initiatives  such  as  'on  demand'  LED  lighting,  solar  power  generation,  and  low-water-use  landscaping. These are environmentally friendly initiatives  that  also  generate  economic  returns  on  invested  capital.  Additionally,  we have recently partnered with The BRE Group to develop a green building certification program for self-storage facilities in the U.S. through its BREEAM® validation and certification system.

-Low obsolescence . Our properties have retained functional and physical usefulness over many decades. In fact, many customers favor our single-story, drive-up properties built in the 1970s and 1980s due to their central locations and accessibility. This contrasts with other real estate types that require frequent reinvestment (i.e., capital expenditures) to stay current with consumer preference, remain competitive with newer competition, offset heavier wear-and-tear by users, and maintain structural operating efficiency.

-High structural resilience. We build and operate our properties to withstand the test of time, including general aging and acute and chronic risks from rising water levels, changing temperatures, and natural disasters.

We measure and monitor our environmental impact and leverage sustainability measures to reduce this impact while  achieving  cost  efficiencies  in  our  operations  by  implementing  a  range  of  energy,  water,  and  waste  management initiatives. Many of these initiatives are integrated into our ongoing Property of Tomorrow capital investment program.

In  regard  to  climate,  we  assess  risks  and  opportunities  in  conjunction  with  ongoing  operating  and  risk management  processes  across  the  company.  We  give  primary  consideration  to  physical,  regulatory,  legal,  market,  and

reputational risks. Examples of these risks include heat/water stress, natural disasters, pandemics, temperature change, and regulatory  compliance.  We  are  addressing  potential  heat  stress  risks  (e.g.,  higher  energy  costs,  more  frequent  power outages, and impacts on our customers and workforce) through initiatives such as converting to LED lighting, solar power generation installation, and analyzing battery storage and microgrids. We are addressing potential water stress risks (e.g., increased costs and decreased availability) through initiatives such as efficient plumbing systems, low-water use irrigation systems,  drought  tolerant  and  native  landscaping,  water  run-off  controls,  and  storm  water  retention.  We  address  the remaining risks primarily through natural disaster resilient development, redevelopment, and capital expenditures.

We will continue to utilize our unique competitive advantages in furthering our environmental stewardship efforts and addressing the effects of climate change. Our commitment includes:

- expanding our greenhouse gas emissions inventory to include Scopes 1, 2, and 3 for the entire portfolio;
- analyzing opportunities to work with our vendors and suppliers on emissions;
- enhancing our internal processes and controls in anticipation of forthcoming SEC climate disclosure rules;
- evaluating  the  feasibility  of  instituting  well-founded  medium  and/or  long-term  greenhouse  gas  emissions reduction targets or other science-based, climate-focused targets in a manner aligned with the ambitious carbon reduction goals of the Paris Climate Agreement;
- continuing  to  enhance  our  environmental  management  system  to  further  infuse  sustainability  across  our organization, enhance our program, and bolster the results of our sustainability efforts;
- continuing to provide regular updates to our stakeholders on our ongoing efforts through our annual Sustainability Report; and
- continuing  publicly  to  disclose  detailed  information  on  our  greenhouse  gas  emissions  (consistent  with  TCFD standards), including through the Carbon Disclosure Project, as well as information on energy and water usage, green energy generation, and similar metrics.

Our annual Sustainability  Report,  which  details  our  commitment  to  environmental  stewardship  along  with  our results, performance and progress, is accessible on our website at www.publicstorage.com.

## Cybersecurity

Public Storage devotes significant resources to protecting and continuing to improve the security of our computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets. Our security efforts are designed to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and continued availability of all information owned by, or in the care of, the Company and protect against, among other things, cybersecurity attacks by unauthorized parties attempting to obtain access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems, or cause other damage.

## Board Oversight

Our Board considers cybersecurity risk one of the most significant risks to our business. The Board has delegated to  the  Audit  Committee  oversight  of  cybersecurity  and  other  information  technology  risks  affecting  the  Company.  The Audit  Committee  periodically  evaluates  our  cybersecurity  strategy  to  ensure  its  effectiveness.  Management  provides quarterly reports to the Audit Committee regarding cybersecurity and other information technology risks, and the Audit Committee in turn provides reports to the full Board.

As part of our Board refreshment efforts in recent years, we have focused on adding trustees with information technology  skills.  Currently,  ten  members  of  our  Board,  including  all  four  members  of  our  Audit  Committee,  have cybersecurity experience from their principal occupation or other professional experience. In addition, several members of our Audit Committee have attended third-party director education courses on cybersecurity since 2021, including cyber risk governance, and privacy issues and trends.

## Cybersecurity Risk Identification and Management

A dedicated team of technology professionals works throughout the year to monitor all matters of risk relating to cybersecurity.  Our  Chief  Technology  Officer  and  our  Vice  President,  Management  Information  Systems,  oversee  our information  security  program  and  report  to  our  executive  management  team  through  our  Chief  Administrative  Officer. Their  teams  are  responsible  for  leading  enterprise-wide  cyber  resilience  strategy,  policy,  standards,  architecture,  and processes.

We identify and address information security risks by employing a defense-in-depth methodology, consisting of both proactive and reactive elements, that provides multiple, redundant defensive measures and prescribes actions to take in case a security control fails or a vulnerability is exploited. We leverage internal resources, along with strategic external partnerships, to mitigate cybersecurity threats to the Company. We have partnerships for Security Operations Center (SOC) services,  penetration  testing  (PENTEST),  incident  response  (IR),  and  various  third-party  assessments.  We  deploy  both commercially available solutions and proprietary systems to manage threats to our information technology environment actively.

Our  cybersecurity  oversight  infrastructure  is  part  of  our  internal  control  environment  and  our  controls  include information  security  standards.  In  addition,  we  are  certified  against  top  information  security  standards,  specifically  the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS), to ensure we comply with this rigorous standard specifically for the safe handling and protection of credit card data. Annually, we are assessed, either internally or by an independent thirdparty,  against  the  National  Institute  of  Standards  and  Technology  (NIST)  Cyber  Security  Framework.  We  also  have policies  and  procedures  to  oversee  and  identify  the  cybersecurity  risks  associated  with  our  use  of  third-party  service providers, including the regular review of SOC reports, relevant cyber attestations, and other independent cyber ratings. These processes include technical controls and processes, as well as contractual mechanisms to mitigate risk. Additionally, throughout the year, we utilize reports prepared by our external partners, which provide an independent ranking of our cybersecurity  maturity  and  coverage,  to  assess  our  cyber  proficiency  on  an  standalone  basis  and  comparatively  against peers and other companies. Our cyber proficiency consistently ranks as 'advanced.' We also regularly engage appropriate external resources regarding emerging threats to navigate the diverse cybersecurity landscape.

In addition to ensuring adequate safeguards are in place to minimize the chance of a successful cyberattack, the Company has established well-defined response procedures to address any cyber event that may occur despite these robust safeguards. These response procedures are designed to identify, analyze, contain, and remediate such cyber incidents to ensure a timely, consistent, and compliant response to actual or attempted data incidents impacting the Company. Recently, the Company completed two separate Disaster Response and Business Continuity Plan exercises to validate our current readiness, and the Company devotes appropriate resources and enlists partners to adapt to the evolving threat landscape. Each year, the Company tests these response procedures, including through disaster response and business continuity plan exercises, in our continuous effort to adapt to the evolving threat landscape. These exercises are intended to challenge and validate our information security response and resources through simulated cybersecurity incidents, including engagement of outside cybersecurity legal counsel, other third party partners, executive management, and our Board.

The Company takes data protection seriously and ensures every employee understands their role in keeping Public Storage  safe  from  cyber-attacks.  We  employ  a  robust  information  security  and  training  program  for  our  employees, including mandatory computer-based training, regular internal communications, and ongoing end-user testing to measure the effectiveness of our information security program. As part of this commitment, we require our employees to complete a Cybersecurity Awareness eCourse and acknowledge our Information Security policy each year. In addition, we have an established  schedule  and  process  for  regular  phishing  awareness  campaigns  that  are  designed  to  emulate  real-world contemporary  threats  and  provide  immediate  feedback  (and,  if  necessary,  additional  training  or  remedial  action)  to employees.

We have experienced no material information security breaches in the last three years. As such, we have not spent any material amount of capital on addressing information security breaches in the last three years, nor have we incurred any material expenses from penalties and settlements related to a material breach during this same time.

We believe we are adequately insured against losses related to a potential information security breach, and we maintain cybersecurity insurance coverage that we believe is appropriate for the size and complexity of our business.

## Seasonality

We experience minor seasonal fluctuations in the demand for self-storage space, with demand and rental rates generally higher in the summer months than in the winter months. We believe that these fluctuations result in part from increased moving activity during the summer months.

## ITEM 1A. Risk Factors

In addition to the other information in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should consider the risks described below  that  we  believe  may  be  material  to  investors  in  evaluating  the  Company.  This  section  contains  forward-looking statements,  and  in  considering  these  statements,  you  should  refer  to  the  qualifications  and  limitations  on  our  forwardlooking statements that are described in Item 1, 'Business.'

## Risks Related to Our Properties and Our Business

## Natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events that could damage or otherwise disrupt our ability to operate our facilities could adversely impact our business and financial results.

Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes, and floods, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, and other events that damage our facilities or our customers' property, or that make our facilities temporarily unavailable, have in the past and may in the future adversely impact our business and financial results. Damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. In addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain  level  may  not  be  covered  by  insurance.  See  Note  14  to  our  December  31,  2022  consolidated  financial statements  for  a  description  of  the  risks  of  losses  that  are  not  covered  by  third-party  insurance  contracts.  In  addition, customer perceptions about the risk of property loss from these events could negatively impact self-storage demand.

## We are subject to risks from the consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, as well as the transition to a low-carbon economy and other steps taken to prevent or mitigate climate change.

Our self-storage facilities are located in areas that may be subject to the direct impacts of climate change, such as increased  destructive  weather  events  like  floods,  fires,  and  drought,  which  could  result  in  significant  damage  to  our facilities,  increased  capital  expenditures,  increased  expenses,  reduced  revenues,  or  reduced  demand  for  our  facilities. Indirect impacts of climate change could also adversely impact our business, including through increased costs, such as insurance  costs  or  regulatory  compliance  costs.  In  addition,  the  ongoing  transition  to  a  low-carbon  economy  presents certain risks for us and our customers, including stranded assets, increased costs, lower profitability, lower property values, lower household wealth, and macroeconomic risks related to high energy costs and energy shortages, among other things. Consistent with our commitment to sustainability in our business operations, we have undertaken a number of initiatives to reduce emissions and energy consumption, water usage, and waste, including through our Property of Tomorrow program, pursuant to which we are upgrading all of our older properties by the end of 2025, which has already resulted in investment of approximately $370 million in improvements through December 31, 2022. In addition, we have made investments in LED lighting and the installation of solar panels of approximately $100 million since 2021 through December 31, 2022. Governmental,  political,  and  societal  pressures,  including  expectations  of  institutional  and  activist  investors  and  other interest groups, could require us to accelerate our initiatives and, with it, the costs of their implementation. These same potential governmental, political, and social pressure could in the future result in (i) costly changes to newly developed facilities or retrofits of our existing facilities to reduce carbon emissions through multiple avenues, including changes to insulation, space configuration, lighting, heating, and air conditioning, (ii) increased energy costs as a result of transitioning to less carbon-intensive, but more expensive, sources of energy to operate our facilities, and (iii) consumers reducing their individual carbon footprints by owning fewer durable material consumer goods, collectibles, and other such items requiring storage,  resulting  in  a  reduced  demand  for  our  self-storage  space.  In  addition,  our  reputation  and  investor  relationships could be damaged as a result of our involvement with activities perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change, as well as any decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to considerations relating to climate change.

## Operating costs, including property taxes, could increase.

We could be subject to increases in property or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, insurance premiums, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases, weather, increases to minimum wage rates, supply chain disruptions, and

changes to governmental safety and real estate use limitations and other governmental actions. Our property tax expense, which  totaled  approximately  $386.7  million  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  generally  depends  upon  the assessed value of our real estate facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies and, accordingly, could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies change their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted, especially if new approaches are adopted or laws are enacted that result in increased property tax assessments in states or geographies where we have a high concentration of facilities. See also 'We have exposure to increased property tax in California' below.

## The acquisition  of  existing  properties  or  self-storage  operating  companies  is  subject  to  risks  that  may  adversely affect our growth and financial results.

We  have  acquired  self-storage  facilities  and  self-storage  operating  companies  in  the  past,  and  we  expect  to continue to do so in the future. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other  real  estate  investors,  including  operating  companies  and  private  equity  funds.  As  a  result,  we  may  be  unable  to acquire the companies or additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable companies or properties may be significantly  increased.  Failures  or  unexpected  circumstances  in  integrating  facilities  or  companies  that  we  acquire,  or circumstances  we  did  not  detect  or  anticipate  during  due  diligence,  such  as  environmental  matters,  needed  repairs  or deferred maintenance, customer collection issues, assumed liabilities, turnover of critical personnel involved in acquired operating companies, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment and mergers and acquisitions, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition.

On February 5, 2023, we disclosed that we have made a proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares and units of Life Storage for consideration consisting of our common shares. Our public offer followed prior rebuffs by Life Storage of our attempts to negotiate privately, and on February 16, 2023, Life Storage announced it had rejected the offer. While we currently intend to engage in discussions with Life Storage, there can be no assurance that Life Storage will engage with  us  regarding  our  proposal  or  that  we  and  Life  Storage  will  agree  to  an  acquisition  transaction.  Additionally,  Life Storage can avail itself of various takeover defenses, including the ability unilaterally to classify its board of trustees under the  Maryland  Unsolicited  Takeover  Act  (MUTA).  Even  if  we  reach  an  agreement  with  Life  Storage,  there  can  be  no assurance  that  the  conditions  to  closing  such  transaction  would  be  satisfied  in  a  timely  manner  or  at  all.  Further,  if  a transaction is consummated, there can be no assurance that we will realize the benefits we hope to achieve through the transaction,  and  the  complexities  of  combining  the  two  companies  may  result  in  unknown  liabilities  and  unforeseen increased expenses. If a transaction is not consummated, we nevertheless may incur significant costs associated with our pursuit of the transaction.

## Our development program subjects us to risks.

At  December  31,  2022,  we  had  a  pipeline  of  development  projects  totaling  $979.6  million  (subject  to contingencies), and we expect to continue to seek additional development projects. There are significant risks involved in developing  self-storage  facilities,  such  as  delays  or  cost  increases  due  to  changes  in  or  failure  to  meet  government  or regulatory  requirements,  failure  of  revenue  to  meet  our  underwriting  estimates,  delays  caused  by  weather  issues, unforeseen  site  conditions,  or  personnel  problems.  Self-storage  space  is  generally  not  pre-leased,  and  rent-up  of  newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions  in  storage demand, or other factors.

## There is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives.

Our self-storage facilities generate most of our revenue and earnings. Significant competition from self-storage operators,  property  developers,  and  other  storage  alternatives  may  adversely  impact  our  ability  to  attract  and  retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue. Competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and affects our occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating expenses. There is also an increasing influx of capital from outside financing sources driving more money, development, and supply into the industry.  Development  of  self-storage  facilities  may  increase,  which  may  intensify  competition  as  newly  developed facilities  are  opened.  Development  of  self-storage  facilities  by  other  operators  could  increase,  due  to  increases  in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, and further intensify competition.

## Demand for self-storage facilities may be affected by customer perceptions and factors outside of our control.

Significantly lower logistics costs could introduce new competitors, such as valet-style storage services, which may  reduce  the  demand  for  traditional  self-storage.  Customer  preferences  and/or  needs  for  self-storage  could  change, decline, or shift to other product types, thereby impacting our business model and ability to grow and/or generate revenues. Shifts  in  population  and  demographics  could  cause  the  geographical  distribution  of  our  portfolio  to  be  suboptimal  and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers. Security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe. If our customers do not feel our properties are safe, they may select competitors for their selfstorage needs, or if there is an industry perception of inadequate security generally, customer use of self-storage could be negatively impacted.

## Our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our existing facilities.

We continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities. In addition, we are seeking to increase the number of self-storage facilities that we manage for third party owners in exchange for a fee, many of which are in the process of stabilization and are near our existing stabilized self-storage facilities.  In  order  to hasten the fill-up of these new facilities, we aggressively price such space during the fill-up period. While we believe that this aggressive pricing allows us to increase our market share relative to our competitors and increase the cash flows of these  properties,  such  pricing  and  the  added  capacity  may  also  negatively  impact  our  existing  stabilized  self-storage facilities that are near these unstabilized facilities.

## Many of our existing self-storage facilities may be at a competitive disadvantage to newly developed facilities.

There is a significant level of development of new self-storage facilities, by us and other operators. These newly developed  facilities  are  generally  of  high  quality,  with  a  more  fresh  and  vibrant  appearance,  more  amenities  (such  as climate control), more attractive office configurations, newer elements, and a more attractive retail presence as compared to many of our existing stabilized self-storage facilities, some of which were built as much as 50 years ago. Such qualitative differentials may negatively impact our ability to compete with these facilities for new tenants and our existing tenants may move to newly developed facilities.

## We may incur significant liabilities from environmental contamination or moisture infiltration.

Existing  or  future  laws  impose  or  may  impose  liability  on  us  to  clean  up  environmental  contamination  on  or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we were not responsible for or aware of the environmental  contamination  or  even  if  such  environmental  contamination  occurred  prior  to  our  involvement  with  the property. We have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified any material  liabilities.  These  assessments,  commonly  referred  to  as  'Phase  1  Environmental  Assessments,'  include  an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties.

We are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our customers' property, as well as potential health concerns. When we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware  that  an  air  quality  concern  exists,  we  implement  corrective  measures  and  seek  to  work  proactively  with  our customers to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims.

We are  not  aware  of  any  environmental  contamination  or  moisture  infiltration  related  liabilities  at  any  of  our properties that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. However, we may not have detected all material liabilities,  we  could  acquire  properties  with  material  undetected  liabilities,  or  new  conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities.

## Economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth, and access to capital.

Economic  downturns  or  adverse  economic  or  industry  conditions,  including  those  related  to  high  levels  of inflation, could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital. Our revenues and operating cash flow can be negatively impacted by reductions in employment and population levels, household and disposable income, and

other general economic factors that lead to a reduction in demand for self-storage space in each of the markets in which we operate.

Our ability  to  raise  capital  on  attractive  terms  to  fund  our  activities  may  be  adversely  affected  by  challenging market conditions, including high interest rates resulting from government efforts to manage inflation. In periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources, and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. If we were unable to raise capital at reasonable rates, prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base could be limited.

## We have exposure to European operations through our ownership in Shurgard.

We own approximately 35% of the common shares of Shurgard, and this investment has a $275.8 million book value and a $1.4 billion market value (based upon the closing trading price of Shurgard's common stock) at December 31, 2022. We recognized $26.4 million in equity in earnings and received $37.8 million in dividends in 2022 with respect to Shurgard.

Shurgard, as an owner, operator, and developer of self-storage facilities, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to self-storage. However, through our investment in Shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various European markets in which Shurgard operates, which may adversely impact our business and financial results, and many of which are referred to in Shurgard's public filings. These risks include the following:

- Currency risks: Currency  fluctuations  can  impact  the  fair  value  of  our  investment  in  Shurgard,  our  equity earnings, our ongoing dividends, and any other related repatriations of cash.
- Legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: Shurgard is subject to a variety of local, national, and pan-European laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, and value added and employment tax. These laws and regulations can be difficult to apply or interpret, can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political  uncertainty  and  other  factors.  Such  changes,  or Shurgard's failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, and, potentially, adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens.
- Impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in Shurgard: Laws in Europe and the U.S. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from Shurgard or proceeds from the sale of Shurgard shares.
- Risks  of  collective  bargaining: Collective  bargaining,  which  is  prevalent  in  certain  areas  in  Europe,  could negatively impact Shurgard's labor costs or operations. Many of Shurgard's employees participate in various national unions.
- Potential operating and individual country risks: Economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates have posed, and could continue to pose, challenges or result in future reductions of Shurgard's operating cash flows.
- Liquidity of our ownership stake: We have no plans to liquidate our interest in Shurgard. However, while Shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in Shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of Shurgard's public 'float' relative to any ownership stake we sought to  sell.  Our  existing  relationship  with  our  legacy  joint  venture  partner  may  place  further  contractual limitations on our ability to sell all of the shares we own if we desired to do so.
- Impediments of  Shurgard's  public  ownership  structure: Shurgard's  strategic  decisions,  involving  activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, and selling or acquiring significant  assets,  are  determined  by  its  board  of  directors.  As  a  result,  Shurgard  may  be  precluded  from taking  advantage  of  opportunities  that  we  would  find  attractive  but  that  we  may  not  be  able  to  pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with.

## Public health and other crises, such as the COVID-19 Pandemic, have adversely impacted, and may in the future adversely impact, our business.

Our  business  is  subject  to  risks  from  public  health  and  other  crises  like  the  COVID-19  Pandemic,  including, among others:

- risk of illness or death of our employees or customers;
- negative impacts on economic conditions in our markets, which may reduce the demand for self-storage;
- risk that there could be an out-migration of population from certain high-cost major markets;
- government restrictions that (i) limit or prevent use of our facilities, (ii) limit our ability to increase rent or otherwise limit the rent we can charge, (iii) limit our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, or (iv) limit our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects;
- risk that we could experience a change in the move-out patterns of our long-term customers due to economic uncertainty and increases in unemployment, which could lead to lower occupancies and rent 'roll down' as long-term customers are replaced with new customers at lower rates; and
- risk of negative impacts on the cost and availability of debt and equity capital, which could have a material impact upon our capital and growth plans.

## We  have  been  and  may  in  the  future  be  adversely  impacted  by  emergency  regulations  adopted  in  response  to significant events, such as natural disasters or public health crises, that could adversely impact our operations.

In  response  to  significant  events,  local,  state,  and  federal  governments  have  and  may  in  the  future  adopt regulations that could impact our operations. For example, in response to wildfires in 2018 and 2019 and floods in 2023, the State of California and some localities in California adopted temporary regulations that imposed certain limits on the rents  we  could  charge  at  certain  of  our  facilities  and  the  extent  to  which  we  could  increase  rents  to  existing  tenants. Similarly,  in  response  to  the  COVID-19  Pandemic,  certain  localities  adopted  restrictions  on  the  use  of  certain  of  our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability  to  complete  development  and  redevelopment  projects.  Similar  restrictions  could  be  imposed  in  the  future  in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations.

## Our  marketing  and  pricing  strategies  may  fail  to  be  effective  or  may  be  constrained  by  factors  outside  of  our control.

Marketing  initiatives,  including  our  increasing  dependence  on  Google  to  source  customers,  may  fail  to  be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. Approximately 65% of our new storage customers in 2022 were sourced directly or indirectly through 'unpaid' search and 'paid' search campaigns on Google. We believe that the vast  majority  of  customers  searching for self-storage use Google at some stage in their shopping experience. Google is providing tools to allow smaller and less sophisticated operators to bid for search terms, increasing competition for selfstorage search terms. The predominance of Google in the shopping experience, as well as Google's enabling of additional competitors  to  bid  for  placements  in  self-storage  search  terms,  may  reduce  the  number  of  new  customers  that  we  can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers.

In  addition,  the  inability  to  utilize  our  pricing  methodology  due  to  regulatory  or  market  constraints  could  also significantly impact our financial results.

## We are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management's time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business.

We have approximately 5,900 employees and 1.8 million customers, and we conduct business at facilities in 40 states.  As  a  result,  we  are  subject  to  the  risk  of  legal  claims  and  proceedings  (including  class  actions)  and  regulatory enforcement actions across many jurisdictions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant  liabilities  and  substantial  legal  fees  as  a  result  of  these  actions.  Resolution  of  these  claims  and  actions  may divert time and attention by our management and could involve payment of damages or expenses by us, all of which may

be  significant,  and  could  damage  our  reputation  and  our  brand.  In  addition,  any  such  resolution  could  involve  our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. The results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. We cannot guarantee that losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or any available insurance coverage. Any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares.

In  addition,  through  exercising  their  authority  to  regulate  our  activities,  governmental  agencies  can  otherwise negatively impact our business by increasing costs or decreasing revenues.

## Our  failure  to  modernize  and  adopt  advancements  in  information  technology  may  hinder  or  prevent  us  from achieving strategic objectives.

Our inability to adapt and deliver new capabilities in time with strategic requirements may cause the organization to  miss  market  competitive  timing,  first  mover  position,  or  to  suffer  material  loss  due  to  failed  technology  choices  or implementation.

## The failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems, on which we are heavily dependent, could significantly harm our business.

We are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and Internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the Internet. We centrally manage significant components of our operations  with  our  computer  systems,  including  our  financial  information,  and  we  also  rely  extensively  on  third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions, and provide other systems services. These systems are subject to damage or interruption  from  power  outages,  computer  and  telecommunications  failures,  hackers,  including  through  a  ransomware attack,  computer  worms,  viruses,  and  other  destructive  or  disruptive  security  breaches,  and  catastrophic  events.  Such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary  losses  in  case  of  a  breach  that  resulted  in  fraudulent  payments  or  other  cash  transactions.  As  a  result,  our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced  or  lost  data,  programming  or  human  error,  or  other  circumstance  that  results  in  a  significant  outage  of  our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures.

## If our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity breach, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.

In  the  ordinary  course  of  our  business  we  acquire  and  store  sensitive  data,  including  personally  identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Although we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. Despite our security measures, we have experienced security breaches due to cyberattacks and additional breaches could occur  in  the  future.  In  these  cases,  our  information  technology  and  infrastructure  could  be  vulnerable  and  our  or  our customers'  or  employees'  confidential  information  could  be  compromised  or  misappropriated.  Any  such  breach  could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our tenants.

Our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error or malfeasance. We must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address the evolving threat landscape, and therefore there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. In addition, as the  regulatory  environment  related  to  information  security,  data  collection  and  use,  and  privacy  becomes  increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirement could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons such as not being aware of them.

Any such access,  disclosure,  or  other  loss  of  information  could  result  in  legal  claims  or  proceedings,  liability under  laws  that  protect  the  privacy  of  personal  information,  regulatory  penalties,  disruption  to  our  operations  and  the services we provide to customers, or damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation,  and  competitive  position.  In  addition,  our  customers  could  lose  confidence  in  our  ability  to  protect  their

personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. Such events could lead to lost future revenues and adversely affect our results of operations, or result in remedial and other costs, fines, or lawsuits, which could be in excess of any available insurance that we have procured.

## Ineffective succession planning for our CEO and executive management, as well as for our other key employees, may impact the execution of our strategic plan.

We may not effectively or appropriately identify  ready-now  succession  candidates  for  our  CEO  and  executive management team, which may negatively impact our ability to meet key strategic goals. Failure to implement succession plans for other key employees may leave us vulnerable to retirements and turnover.

## We may fail to protect our intellectual property adequately.

We maintain a portfolio of trademarks and trade dress that we believe are fundamental to the success of the Public Storage® brand. While we actively seek to enforce and expand our rights, our trademark and trade dress could be deemed generic and indistinct and lose protection. We also own and seek to protect other intellectual property, such as propriety systems,  processes,  data,  and  other  trade  secrets  that  we  have  collected  and  developed  in  the  course  of  operating  our business and that we believe provides us with various competitive advantages. Our protections could be inadequate or we could lose rights to our other intellectual property and trade secrets. Competitor use of our trademarks and trade names could lead to likelihood of confusion, tarnishment of our brand, and loss of legal protection for our marks.

## Risks Related to Our Ownership, Organization and Structure

## Takeover attempts or changes in control could be thwarted, even if beneficial to shareholders.

In certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change in control or acquisition of us in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons. However, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction:

- Provisions  of  Maryland  law  may  impose  limitations  that  may  make  it  more  difficult  for  a  third  party  to negotiate  or  effect  a  business  combination  transaction  or  control  share  acquisition  with  Public  Storage. Currently, our Board has opted not to subject the Company to these provisions of Maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval.
- To protect against the loss of our REIT status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust  generally  limits  the  ability  of  a  person,  other  than  the  Hughes  family  or  'designated  investment entities' (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3% of our outstanding common shares or 9.9% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares.  Our  Board  may  grant,  and  has  previously  granted,  a  specific  exemption.  These  limits  could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company not approved by our Board.
- Similarly, current provisions of our declaration of trust and powers of our Board could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest,  (3)  the  power  to  issue  additional  common  shares,  preferred  shares,  or  equity  shares  on  terms approved  by  our  Board  without  obtaining  shareholder  approval,  (4)  the  advance  notice  provisions  of  our bylaws,  and  (5)  our  Board's  ability  under  Maryland  law,  without  obtaining  shareholder  approval,  to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring, or preventing a transaction or a change in control.

## Holders of  our  preferred  shares  have  dividend,  liquidation,  and  other  rights  that  are  senior  to  the  rights  of  the holders of our common shares.

Holders of our preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside  on  our  common  shares.  Upon  liquidation,  holders  of  our  preferred  shares  will  receive  a  liquidation  preference  of $25,000 per share (or $25.00 per depositary share) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions before any payment is made to the common shareholders. These preferences may limit the amount received by our common shareholders either from ongoing distributions  or  upon  liquidation.  In  addition,  our  preferred  shareholders  have  the  right  to  elect  two  additional

directors  to  our  Board  whenever  dividends  are  in  arrears  in  an  aggregate  amount  equivalent  to  six  or  more  quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive.

## Preferred Shareholders are subject to certain risks.

Holders of our preferred shares have preference rights over our common shareholders with respect to liquidation and distributions, which give them some assurance of continued payment of their stated dividend rate, and receipt of their principal  upon  liquidation  of  the  Company  or  redemption  of  their  securities.  However,  holders  of  our  Preferred  Shares should consider the following risks:

- The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue or assume additional debt. Preferred shareholders would be subordinated to the interest and principal payments of such debt, which would increase the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions or liquidation amounts to the preferred shareholders.
- The Company has in the past, and could in the future, issue additional preferred shares that, while pari passu to the existing preferred shares, increases the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions to the preferred shareholders.
- While the Company has no plans to do so, if the Company were to lose its REIT status or no longer elect REIT status, it would no longer be required to distribute its taxable income to maintain REIT status. If, in such a circumstance, the Company ceased paying dividends, unpaid distributions to the preferred shareholders would  continue  to  accumulate.  The  preferred  shareholders  would  have  the  ability  to  elect  two  additional members to serve on our Board until the arrearage was cured. The preferred shareholders would not receive any compensation (such as interest) for the delay in the receipt of distributions, and it is possible that the arrearage could accumulate indefinitely.
- Holders  of  our  Preferred  Shares  have  limited  rights  in  the  event  the  Company  ceases  to  pay  dividends  to shareholders,  and  have  no  rights  with  respect  to  a  Company  decision  to  discontinue  listing  the  Preferred Shares on a national securities exchange or file reports with the SEC, including following a change of control transaction.

## Risks Related to Government Regulations and Taxation

## We would incur adverse tax consequences if we failed to qualify as a REIT, and we would have to pay substantial U.S. federal corporate income taxes.

REITs are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. A qualifying REIT does not generally  incur  U.S.  federal  corporate  income  tax  on  its  'REIT  taxable  income'  (generally,  taxable  income  subject  to specified  adjustments,  including  a  deduction  for  dividends  paid  and  excluding  net  capital  gain)  that  it  distributes  to  its shareholders. Our REIT status is also dependent upon the REIT qualification of PSB through the end of its taxable year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of our substantial ownership interest in it prior to the closing of the PSB merger with and unaffiliated  third  party.  We  believe  we  have  qualified  as  a  REIT  and  we  intend  to  continue  to  maintain  our  REIT status.

However, there can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a REIT, because of the highly technical nature of the REIT rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods, or changes in our circumstances, as well as share ownership limits in our declaration of trust that do not necessarily ensure that our shareholder base is sufficiently diverse for us to qualify as a REIT. For any year we fail to qualify as a REIT, unless certain relief provisions apply (the granting of such relief could nonetheless result in significant excise or penalty taxes), we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid, we would be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income, and generally we would not be allowed to elect REIT status until the fifth year after  such  a  disqualification.  In  addition,  for  tax  years  beginning  after  December  31,  2022,  we  would  possibly  also  be subject  to  certain  taxes  enacted  by  the  Inflation  Reduction  Act  of  2022  that  are  applicable  to  non-REIT  corporations, including the corporate alternative minimum tax and nondeductible one percent excise tax on certain stock repurchases. Any taxes,  interest,  and  penalties  incurred  would  reduce  our  cash  available  for  distributions  to  shareholders  and  could negatively affect our stock price. However, for years in which we failed to qualify as a REIT, we would not be subject to REIT rules that require us to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders.

## Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the preferential tax rates available for some dividends.

Dividends  payable  by  REITs  may  be  taxed  at  higher  rates  than  dividends  of  non-REIT  corporations.  The maximum  U.S.  federal  income  tax  rate  for  qualified  dividends  paid  by  domestic  non-REIT  corporations  to  U.S. stockholders that are individuals, trusts, or estates is generally 20%. Dividends paid by REITs to such stockholders are generally  not  eligible  for  that  rate,  but  under  current  tax  law,  such  stockholders  may  deduct  up  to  20%  of  ordinary dividends (i.e., dividends not designated as capital gain dividends or qualified dividend income) received from a REIT for taxable years beginning before January 1, 2026. Although this deduction reduces the effective tax rate applicable to certain dividends  paid  by  REITs,  such  tax  rate  may  still  be  higher  than  the  tax  rate  applicable  to  regular  corporate  qualified dividends.  This  may  cause  investors  to  view  REIT  investments  as  less  attractive  than  investments  in  non-REIT corporations, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the stock of REITs, including our stock.

## Changes in tax laws could negatively impact us.

The  United  States  Treasury  Department  and  Congress  frequently  review  federal  income  tax  legislation, regulations  and  other  guidance.  We  cannot  predict  whether,  when,  or  to  what  extent  new  federal  tax  laws,  regulations, interpretations  or  rulings  will  be  adopted,  but  these  changes  might  include,  in  particular,  increases  in  the  U.S.  federal income tax rates that apply to us or our shareholders in certain circumstances, possibly with retroactive effect.

## We may pay some taxes, reducing cash available for shareholders.

Even if we qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign,  state,  and  local  taxes  on  our  income  and  property.  Certain  consolidated  corporate  subsidiaries  of  the  Company have elected to be treated as taxable REIT subsidiaries ('TRSs') for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes, and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions. If tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our TRSs to us are not reasonable compared to similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments. To the extent the Company is required to pay federal, foreign, state, or local taxes, or federal penalty taxes due to existing laws or changes thereto, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders.

In addition, certain local and state governments have imposed taxes on self-storage rent. While in most cases those taxes are paid by our customers, they increase the cost of self-storage rental to our customers and can negatively impact our revenues. Other local and state governments may impose self-storage rent taxes in the future.

## We have exposure to increased property tax in California.

Approximately  $767.2  million  of  our  2022  net  operating  income  is  from  our  properties  in  California,  and  we incurred approximately $47.2 million in related property tax expense. Due to the impact of Proposition 13, which generally limits increases in assessed values to 2% per year, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the properties were assessed at current values. From time to time, proposals have been made to reduce the beneficial impact of Proposition 13, most recently in the November 2020 ballot. While this ballot initiative failed, there can be no assurance that future initiatives or other legislative actions will not eliminate or reduce the benefit of Proposition 13 with respect to our properties. If the beneficial effect of Proposition 13 were ended for our properties, our property tax expense could increase substantially, adversely affecting our cash flow from operations and net income.

## We  are  subject  to  new  and  changing  legislation  and  regulations,  including  the  California  Privacy  Rights  Act (CPRA).

We are subject to new and changing legislation and regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 and legislation regarding property taxes, income taxes, REIT status, labor and employment, privacy, and lien sales at the city, county, state, and federal level, which could materially impact our business and operations. Failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and policies may subject us to increased litigation and regulatory actions and negatively affect our business and operations or reputation.

On  November  3,  2020,  Californians  passed  a  ballot  measure  that  creates  the  California  Privacy  Rights  Act ('CPRA').  The  CPRA  amends  and  expands  the  California  Consumer  Privacy  Act  (CCPA),  which  went  into  effect  on January 1, 2020. The CPRA, which went into effect on January 1, 2023, provides new rights and amends existing rights

found  in  the  CCPA.  It  also  creates  a  new  privacy  enforcement  authority,  the  California  Privacy  Protection  Agency ('CalPPA'). The CPRA grants the Attorney General and the CalPPA the authority to issue regulations on a wide range of topics. It therefore remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to the CPRA or how it will be interpreted. While we believe we have developed processes to comply with current privacy requirements, a regulatory agency may not agree with certain of our implementation decisions, which could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions, or changes to our  business  practices  that  could  increase  costs  or  reduce  revenues.  Other  states  have  also  enacted  or  are  considering enacting  privacy  laws  similar  to  those  passed  in  California.  Similar  laws  may  be  implemented  in  other  jurisdictions  in which we do business and in ways that may be more restrictive than those in California, increasing the cost of compliance, as well as the risk of noncompliance, on our business.

## Our tenant reinsurance business is subject to governmental regulation, which could reduce our profitability or limit our growth.

We  hold  Limited  Lines  Self-Service  Storage  Insurance  Agent  licenses  from  a  number  of  individual  state departments  of  insurance  and  are  subject  to  state  governmental  regulation  and  supervision.    Our  continued  ability  to maintain these Limited Lines Self-Service Storage Insurance Agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations.  The regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction generally have  broad  discretion  to  grant,  renew,  and  revoke  licenses  and  approvals,  to  promulgate,  interpret,  and  implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits, and investigations of the affairs  of  insurance  agents.  As  a  result  of  regulatory  or  private  action  in  any  jurisdiction,  we  may  be  temporarily  or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined, penalized, or subject to an adverse judgment, which could reduce our net income.

## ITEM 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## ITEM 2 . Properties

At December 31, 2022, we had controlling ownership interests in 2,869 self-storage facilities located in 40 states within the U.S.:

| At December 31, 2022  Number of Storage  Facilities  Net Rentable Square Feet  (in thousands)  California  Southern  258  19,159  Northern  182  11,592  Texas  414  35,191  Florida  338  23,499  Illinois  133  8,645  Georgia  122  8,267  North Carolina  107  7,848  Virginia  118  7,781  Maryland  105  7,678  Washington  104  7,300  Colorado  86  6,414  Minnesota  65  5,206  New York  69  4,809  South Carolina  72  4,312  New Jersey  60  4,098  Ohio  60  3,987  Arizona  56  3,939  Michigan  51  3,740  Indiana  46  3,016  Missouri  43  2,845  Oklahoma  36  2,692  Tennessee  42  2,625  Oregon  44  2,566  Pennsylvania  35  2,501  Nevada  32  2,210  Massachusetts  28  1,976  Kansas  24  1,462  Other states (14 states)  139  8,859  Total (a)  2,869  204,217   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) See  Schedule  III:  Real  Estate  and  Accumulated  Depreciation  in  our  consolidated  financial  statements  included  in  this  Annual Report on Form 10-K, for a summary of land, building, accumulated depreciation, square footage, and number of properties by market.

At  December  31,  2022,  five  of  our  facilities  with  a  net  book  value  of  $17  million  were  encumbered  by  an aggregate of $10 million in mortgage notes payable.

The configuration of self-storage facilities has evolved over time. The oldest facilities are comprised generally of multiple  single-story  buildings,  and  have  on  average  approximately  500  primarily  'drive  up'  spaces  per  facility,  and  a small rental office. The most prevalent recently constructed facilities have higher density footprints with large, multi-story buildings with climate control and 1,000 or more self-storage spaces, a more imposing and visible retail presence, and a

prominent  and  large  rental  office  designed  to  appeal  to  customers  as  an  attractive  and  retail-focused  'store.'  Our  selfstorage  portfolio  includes  facilities  with  characteristics  of  the  oldest  facilities,  characteristics  of  the  most  recently constructed  facilities,  and  those  with  characteristics  of  both  older  and  recently  constructed  facilities.  Most  spaces  have between 25 and 400 square feet and an interior height of approximately eight to 12 feet.

## ITEM 3 . Legal Proceedings

For a description of the Company's legal proceedings, see 'Note 14. Commitments and Contingencies' to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## ITEM 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

## PART II

## ITEM 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Our common shares of beneficial interest (NYSE: PSA) have been listed on the NYSE since October 19, 1984. As of February 16, 2023, there were approximately 10,071 holders of record of our common shares.

Our Board has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. From the inception of the repurchase program through February 21, 2023, we have repurchased  a  total  of  23,721,916  common  shares  (all  purchased  prior  to  2010)  at  an  aggregate  cost  of  approximately $679.1 million. Our common share repurchase program does not have an expiration date and there are 11,278,084 common shares that may yet be repurchased under our repurchase program as of December 31, 2022. We have no current plans to repurchase  shares;  however,  future  levels  of  common  share  repurchases  will  be  dependent  upon  our  available  capital, investment alternatives, and the trading price of our common shares.

Refer to Item 12. 'Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters' for information about our equity compensation plans.

## ITEM 6. [Reserved]

## ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ('MD&amp;A') should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.

## Critical Accounting Estimates:

The preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  and  related  disclosures  in  conformity  with  U.S.  generally accepted  accounting  principles  ('GAAP')  requires  us  to  make  judgments,  assumptions,  and  estimates  that  affect  the amounts reported. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions are based  on  current  facts,  historical  experience,  and  various  other  factors  that  we  believe  are  reasonable  under  the circumstances  to  determine  reported  amounts  of  assets,  liabilities,  revenues,  and  expenses  that  are  not  readily  apparent from other sources.

We  believe  the  following  are  our  critical  accounting  estimates,  because  they  are  reasonably  likely  to  have  a material impact on the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that involve a significant level of uncertainty.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets: The analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets, including our real estate facilities, involves identification of indicators of impairment, including unfavorable operational results and significant cost overruns  on  construction,  projections  of  future  operating  cash  flows,  and  estimates  of  fair  values,  all  of  which  require significant  judgment and subjectivity. In particular,  these  estimates  are  sensitive  to  significant  assumptions,  such  as  the projections of future rental rates, stabilized occupancy level, future profit margin, discount rates, and capitalization rates, all  of  which  could  be  affected  by  our  expectations  about  future  market  or  economic  conditions.  Others  could  come  to materially different conclusions.

Allocating  Purchase  Price  for  Acquired  Real  Estate  Facilities :  We  estimate  the  fair  values  of  the  assets  and liabilities of acquired real estate facilities, which consist principally of land and buildings, for purposes of allocating the aggregate purchase price of acquired real estate facilities. We estimate the fair value of land based upon price per square foot derived from observable transactions involving comparable land in similar locations as adjusted for location quality, parcel  size,  and  date  of  sale  associated  with  the  acquired  facilities.  The  fair  value  estimate  of  land  is  sensitive  to  the adjustments  made  to  the  land  market  transactions  used  in  the  estimate,  particularly  when  there  is  a  lack  of  recent comparable land market data. For large portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily using the income approach by estimating the fair value of hypothetical vacant acquired facilities and adjusting for the estimated fair value of land. For individual and small portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily based upon the estimated current replacement cost, which we calculate by estimating the replacement cost of new purpose-built selfstorage facilities in similar geographic regions and adjusting for age, quality, amenities, and configuration associated with

the buildings acquired. The fair value estimate of buildings is sensitive to assumptions used in both the income approach, such as lease-up period, future stabilized operating cash flows, capitalization rate and discount rate, and in the replacement cost approach, such as current cost adjustment, soft cost and developer profit estimates. Others could come to materially different conclusions as to the estimated fair values of land and buildings, which would result in different depreciation and amortization  expense,  gains  and  losses  on  sale  of  real  estate  assets,  as  well  as  the  level  of  land  and  buildings  on  our consolidated balance sheet.

## Overview

Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and our earnings growth is impacted by the levels of growth within our Same Store Facilities (as defined below) as well as within our Acquired Facilities and Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities (both as defined below). Accordingly, a significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facility portfolio.

During 2022, revenues generated by our Same Store Facilities increased by 14.8% ($409.9 million), as compared to 2021, while Same Store cost of operations increased by 5.7% ($39.9 million). Demand and operating trends softened in the second half of 2022 and returned to historical seasonal patterns as compared to what we experienced in 2020 and 2021. We expect the trends to continue in 2023.

In addition to managing our existing facilities for organic growth, we have grown and plan to continue to grow through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expansion of our existing self-storage facilities. Since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for $6.6 billion.  In our non-same store portfolio, we also have developed and expanded self-storage facilities of 17.7 million net rentable square feet for a total cost of $1.6 billion. During 2022, net operating income generated by our Acquired Facilities and Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities increased 98.2% ($226.3 million), as compared to 2021.

We have experienced recent inflationary impacts on our cost of operations, including labor, utilities, and repairs and maintenance, and costs of development and expansion activities, and we may continue to experience such impacts in the future. We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts, such as enhancements in operational processes  and  investments  in  technology  to  reduce  payroll  hours,  achievement  of  economies  of  scale  from  recent acquisitions with supervisory payroll allocated over a broader number of self-storage facilities, and investments in solar power and LED lights to lower utility usage.

In  order  to  enhance  the  competitive  position  of  certain  of  our  facilities  relative  to  local  competitors  (including newly  developed  facilities),  we  have  embarked  on  our  multi-year  Property  of  Tomorrow  program  to  (i)  rebrand  our properties with more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, (ii) enhance the energy efficiency  of  our  properties,  and  (iii)  upgrade  the  configuration  and  layout  of  the  offices  and  other  customer  zones  to improve  the  customer  experience.    We  expect  to  complete  the  program  by  the  end  of  2025.  We  spent  approximately $189 million on the program in 2022 and expect to spend approximately $160 million in 2023 on this effort.

On April 24, 2022, PSB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger whereby affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate ('Blackstone') agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of PSB's common stock for $187.50 per share in cash. On July 20, 2022, PSB announced that it completed the merger transaction with Blackstone. Each share of PSB common stock and  each  common  unit  of  partnership  interest  we  held  in  PSB  were  converted  into  the  right  to  receive  the  merger consideration of $187.50 per share or unit, including a $5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a $0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of $187.72 per share or unit. At the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of $2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of $2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of our equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

In connection with the sale of our equity investment in PSB, on August 4, 2022, we paid a special cash dividend of $13.15 per common share, totaling approximately $2.3 billion, to shareholders of record as of August 1, 2022.

On February 5, 2023, we disclosed that we made a proposal to acquire all of the outstanding shares and units of Life Storage for consideration consisting of Public Storage common shares at an exchange ratio of 0.4192 Public Storage common shares for each outstanding Life Storage share or unit. Our public offer followed prior rebuffs by Life Storage of our attempts to negotiate privately. For more detail about the proposal, please see our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2023. On February 16, 2023, Life Storage announced it had rejected the offer. We currently

intend to pursue the proposed transaction. In the event we enter into and consummate an acquisition of Life Storage, the acquisition would have a significant impact on our future results of operations.

On February 4, 2023, our Board of Trustees declared a 50% increase in its regular common quarterly dividend from $2.00 to $3.00 per share, payable on March 30, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. The distribution equates to an annualized increase to the Company's regular common dividend from $8.00 to $12.00 per share.

## Results of Operations

## Operating Results for 2022 and 2021

In 2022, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $4,142.3 million or $23.50 per diluted common share,  compared  to  $1,732.4  million  or  $9.87  per  diluted  common  share  in  2021,  representing  an  increase  of $2,409.9 million or $13.63 per diluted common share. The increase is due primarily to (i) a $2.1 billion gain on sale of our equity investment in PSB and (ii) a $614.3 million increase in self-storage net operating income, partially offset by (iii) a $174.7 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, (iv) a $125.1 million decrease in equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities due to sale of our equity investment in PSB, and (v) a $45.5 million increase in interest expense.

The $614.3 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2022 as compared to 2021 is a result of a $370.1 million increase attributable to our Same Store Facilities and a $244.2 million increase attributable to our non-same store facilities. Revenues for the Same Store Facilities increased 14.8% or $409.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily  to  higher  realized  annual  rent  per  occupied  square  foot,  partially  offset  by  a  decline  in  occupancy.  Cost  of operations for the Same Store Facilities increased by 5.7% or $39.9 million in 2022 as compared to 2021, due primarily to increased property tax expense, on-site property manager payroll expense, marketing expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs. The increase in net operating income of $244.2 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.

## Operating Results for 2021 and 2020

In 2021, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $1,732.4 million or $9.87 per diluted common share, compared to $1,098.3 million or $6.29 per diluted common share in 2020, representing an increase of $634.1 million or  $3.58  per  diluted  common  share.  The  increase  is  due  primarily  to  (i)  a  $437.4  million  increase  in  self-storage  net operating income, (ii) a $209.7 million increase in foreign currency exchange gains associated with our Euro denominated notes payable, and (iii) our $149.0 million equity share of gains on sale of real estate recorded by PSB in 2021, partially offset by (iv) a $160.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense.

The $437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2021 as compared to 2020 is a result of a $279.5  million  increase  in  our  Same  Store  Facilities  and  a  $157.9  million  increase  in  our  non-Same  Store  Facilities. Revenues for the Same Store Facilities increased 10.6% or $265.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to higher realized annual rent per available square foot and weighted average square foot occupancy. Cost of operations for the Same Store Facilities decreased by 1.9% or $13.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to (i) a 36.1% ($22.4 million) decrease in marketing expenses and (ii) an 11.2% ($14.4 million) decrease in on-site property manager payroll. The increase in net operating income of $157.9 million for the Non-Same Store Facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and 2020 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.

## Funds from Operations and Core Funds from Operations

Funds from Operations ('FFO') and FFO per share are non-GAAP measures defined by Nareit. We believe that FFO  and  FFO  per  share  are  useful  to  REIT  investors  and  analysts  in  measuring  our  performance  because  Nareit's definition of FFO excludes items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating and financial performance. FFO represents net income before depreciation and amortization, which is excluded because it is based upon historical costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. FFO also excludes gains or losses on sale of real estate assets and real estate impairment charges, which are also based upon historical costs and are impacted by historical depreciation. FFO and FFO per share are not a substitute for net income or earnings per share. FFO is not a substitute for net cash flow in evaluating our  liquidity  or  ability  to  pay  dividends,  because  it  excludes  investing  and  financing  activities  presented  on  our consolidated statements of cash flows. In addition, other REITs may compute these measures differently, so comparisons among REITs may not be helpful.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, FFO was $16.46 per diluted common share as compared to $13.36 and $9.75 per diluted common share for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase in 2022 of 23.2%, or $3.10 per diluted common share, as compared to 2021.

We also present 'Core FFO' and 'Core FFO per share' non-GAAP measures that represent FFO and FFO per share  excluding  the  impact  of  (i)  foreign  currency  exchange  gains  and  losses,  (ii)  charges  related  to  the  redemption  of preferred securities, and (iii) certain other non-cash and/or nonrecurring income or expense items primarily representing, with respect to  the  periods  presented  below,  the  impact  of  loss  contingency  accruals  and  casualties,  unrealized  gain  on private  equity  investments  and  our  equity  share  of  merger  transaction  costs,  severance  of  a  senior  executive,  lease termination income, and casualties from our equity investees. We review Core FFO and Core FFO per share to evaluate our ongoing  operating  performance  and  we  believe  they  are  used  by  investors  and  REIT  analysts  in  a  similar  manner. However, Core FFO and Core FFO per share are not substitutes for net income and net income per share. Because other REITs may not compute Core FFO or Core FFO per share in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such measures, Core FFO and Core FFO per share may not be comparable among REITs.

The following table reconciles net income to FFO and Core FFO and reconciles diluted earnings per share to FFO per share and Core FFO per share:

| Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Percentage  Change  2021  2020  Percentage  Change  (Amounts in thousands, except per share data)  Reconciliation of Net Income to FFO and Core  FFO:  Net income allocable to common shareholders  $  4,142,288  $  1,732,444  139.1 %  $  1,732,444  $  1,098,335  57.7 %  Eliminate items excluded from FFO:  Depreciation and amortization  881,569  709,349  709,349  549,975  Depreciation from unconsolidated real estate  investments  54,822  73,729  73,729  70,681  Depreciation allocated to noncontrolling  interests and restricted share unitholders  (6,622)  (4,415)  (4,415)  (3,850)  Gains on sale of real estate investments,  including our equity share from investments  (54,403)  (165,272)  (165,272)  (12,791)  Gain on sale of equity investment in PS  Business Parks, Inc.  (2,116,839)  -  -  -  FFO allocable to common shares  $  2,900,815  $  2,345,835  23.7 %  $  2,345,835  $  1,702,350  37.8 %  Eliminate the impact of items excluded from Core  FFO, including our equity share from  investments:  Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss  (98,314)  (111,787)  (111,787)  97,953  Preferred share redemption charge  -  31,604  31,604  48,265  Property losses and tenant claims due to  casualties (a)  4,817  4,909  4,909  -  Other items  (338)  (543)  (543)  4,412  Core FFO allocable to common shares  $  2,806,980  $  2,270,018  23.7 %  $  2,270,018  $  1,852,980  22.5 %  Reconciliation of Diluted Earnings per Share to  FFO per Share and Core FFO per Share:  Diluted earnings per share  $  23.50  $  9.87  138.1 %  $  9.87  $  6.29  56.9 %  Eliminate amounts per share excluded from FFO:  Depreciation and amortization  5.27  4.44  4.44  3.53  Gains on sale of real estate investments,  including our equity share from investments  (0.31)  (0.95)  (0.95)  (0.07)  Gain on sale of equity investment in PS  Business Parks, Inc.  (12.00)  -  -  -  FFO per share  $  16.46  $  13.36  23.2 %  $  13.36  $  9.75  37.0 %  Eliminate the per share impact of items excluded  from Core FFO, including our equity share from  investments:  Foreign currency exchange (gain) loss  (0.57)  (0.64)  (0.64)  0.56  Preferred share redemption charge  -  0.18  0.18  0.28  Property losses and tenant claims due to  casualties (a)  0.03  0.03  0.03  -  Other items  -  -  -  0.02  Core FFO per share  $  15.92  $  12.93  23.1 %  $  12.93  $  10.61  21.9 %  Diluted weighted average common shares  176,280  175,568  175,568  174,642   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Property losses and tenant claims due to casualties were related to Hurricane Ian in 2022, and Hurricane Ida in 2021, and were included in general and administrative expenses and ancillary cost of operations on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

## Analysis of Net Income - Self-Storage Operations

Our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups: (i) the 2,276 facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since January 1, 2020 (the 'Same Store Facilities'), (ii) 368 facilities we acquired since January 1, 2020 (the 'Acquired Facilities'), (iii) 153 facilities that have been newly developed or expanded, or that had commenced expansion by December 31, 2022 (the 'Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities'), and (iv) 72 other facilities, which are otherwise  not  stabilized  with  respect  to  occupancies  or  rental  rates  since  January  1,  2020  (the  'Other  Non-same  Store Facilities').  See  Note  13  to  our  December  31,  2022  consolidated  financial  statements  'Segment  Information,'  for  a reconciliation of the amounts in the tables below to our total net income.

## Self-Storage Operations

| Summary  Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Percentage  Change  2021  2020  Percentage  Change  (Dollar amounts and square footage in thousands)  Revenues:  Same Store Facilities  $  3,175,207  $  2,765,263  14.8 %  $  2,765,263  $  2,499,486  10.6 %  Acquired Facilities  402,892  161,364  149.7 %  161,364  11,365  1319.8 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  269,245  197,058  36.6 %  197,058  145,360  35.6 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  98,684  79,881  23.5 %  79,881  65,419  22.1 %  3,946,028  3,203,566  23.2 %  3,203,566  2,721,630  17.7 %  Cost of operations:  Same Store Facilities  738,491  698,629  5.7 %  698,629  712,390  (1.9)  %  Acquired Facilities  135,911  57,921  134.6 %  57,921  6,742  759.1 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  79,466  70,029  13.5 %  70,029  62,871  11.4 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  26,341  25,451  3.5 %  25,451  25,540  (0.3)  %  980,209  852,030  15.0 %  852,030  807,543  5.5 %  Net operating income (a):  Same Store Facilities  2,436,716  2,066,634  17.9 %  2,066,634  1,787,096  15.6 %  Acquired Facilities  266,981  103,443  158.1 %  103,443  4,623  2137.6 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  189,779  127,029  49.4 %  127,029  82,489  54.0 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  72,343  54,430  32.9 %  54,430  39,879  36.5 %  Total net operating income  2,965,819  2,351,536  26.1 %  2,351,536  1,914,087  22.9 %  Depreciation and amortization expense:  Same Store Facilities  471,458  451,802  4.4 %  451,802  452,622  (0.2)  %  Acquired Facilities  309,312  167,119  85.1 %  167,119  11,904  1303.9 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  63,362  56,411  12.3 %  56,411  48,573  16.1 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  44,014  38,096  15.5 %  38,096  40,158  (5.1)  %  Total depreciation and amortization  expense  888,146  713,428  24.5 %  713,428  553,257  29.0 %  Net income (loss):  Same Store Facilities  1,965,258  1,614,832  21.7 %  1,614,832  1,334,474  21.0 %  Acquired Facilities  (42,331)  (63,676)  (33.5)  %  (63,676)  (7,281)  774.6 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  126,417  70,618  79.0 %  70,618  33,916  108.2 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  28,329  16,334  73.4 %  16,334  (279)  (5954.5)  %  Total net income  $  2,077,673  $  1,638,108  26.8 %  $  1,638,108  $  1,360,830  20.4 %  Number of facilities at period end:  Same Store Facilities  2,276  2,276  -  2,276  2,276  -  Acquired Facilities  368  294  25.2 %  294  62  374.2 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  153  145  5.5 %  145  137  5.8 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  72  72  -  72  73  -  2,869  2,787  2.9 %  2,787  2,548  9.4 %  Net rentable square footage at period end:  Same Store Facilities  149,118  149,118  -  149,118  149,118  -  Acquired Facilities  31,709  26,905  17.9 %  26,905  5,075  430.1 %  Newly Developed and Expanded Facilities  17,700  16,606  6.6 %  16,606  15,088  10.1 %  Other Non-Same Store Facilities  5,690  5,690  -  5,690  5,770  (1.4)  %  204,217  198,319  3.0 %  198,319  175,051  13.3 %   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Net  operating  income  or  'NOI'  is  a  non-GAAP  financial  measure  that  excludes  the  impact  of  depreciation  and  amortization expense, which is based upon historical real estate costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe  that  real  estate  values  fluctuate  due  to  market  conditions.  We  utilize  NOI  in  determining  current  property  values, evaluating property performance, and in evaluating property operating trends. We believe that investors and analysts utilize NOI in a similar manner. NOI is not a substitute for net income, operating cash flow, or other related financial measures, in evaluating our operating results. See Note 13 to our December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of NOI to our total net income for all periods presented.

## Same Store Facilities

The Same Store Facilities consist of facilities we have owned and operated on a stabilized level of occupancy, revenues,  and  cost  of  operations  since  January  1,  2020.  The  composition  of  our  Same  Store  Facilities  allows  us  more effectively  to  evaluate  the  ongoing  performance  of  our  self-storage  portfolio  in  2020,  2021,  and  2022  and  exclude  the impact of fill-up of unstabilized facilities, which can significantly affect operating trends. We believe investors and analysts use Same Store information in a similar manner. However, because other REITs may not compute Same Store Facilities in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such a measure, Same Store Facilities may not be comparable among REITs.

The following table summarizes the historical operating results of these 2,276 facilities (149.1 million net rentable square  feet)  that  represent  approximately  73%  of  the  aggregate  net  rentable  square  feet  of  our  U.S.  consolidated  selfstorage portfolio at December 31, 2022. It includes various measures and detail that we do not include in the analysis of the developed, acquired, and other non-same store facilities, due to the relative magnitude and importance of the Same Store Facilities relative to our other self-storage facilities.

## Selected Operating Data for the Same Store Facilities (2,276 facilities)

| Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Percentage  Change  2021  2020  Percentage  Change  (Dollar amounts in thousands, except for per square foot data)  Revenues (a):  Rental income  $ 3,074,192  $ 2,683,116  14.6  %  $ 2,683,116  $ 2,415,822  11.1  %  Late charges and administrative fees  101,015  82,147  23.0  %  82,147  83,664  (1.8)  %  Total revenues  3,175,207  2,765,263  14.8  %  2,765,263  2,499,486  10.6  %  Direct cost of operations (a):  Property taxes  279,388  267,961  4.3  %  267,961  258,453  3.7  %  On-site property manager payroll  119,139  114,426  4.1  %  114,426  128,819  (11.2)  %  Repairs and maintenance  58,468  52,703  10.9  %  52,703  50,700  4.0  %  Utilities  43,457  40,548  7.2  %  40,548  41,345  (1.9)  %  Marketing  45,906  39,682  15.7  %  39,682  62,101  (36.1)  %  Other direct property costs  80,991  73,646  10.0  %  73,646  68,332  7.8  %  Total direct cost of operations  627,349  588,966  6.5  %  588,966  609,750  (3.4)  %  Direct net operating income (b)  2,547,858  2,176,297  17.1  %  2,176,297  1,889,736  15.2  %  Indirect cost of operations (a):  Supervisory payroll  (35,017)  (37,058)  (5.5)  %  (37,058)  (40,965)  (9.5)  %  Centralized management costs  (61,922)  (55,350)  11.9  %  (55,350)  (49,129)  12.7  %  Share-based compensation  (14,203)  (17,255)  (17.7)  %  (17,255)  (12,546)  37.5  %  Net operating income  2,436,716  2,066,634  17.9  %  2,066,634  1,787,096  15.6  %  Depreciation and amortization expense  (471,458)  (451,802)  4.4  %  (451,802)  (452,622)  (0.2)  %  Net income  $ 1,965,258  $ 1,614,832  21.7  %  $ 1,614,832  $ 1,334,474  21.0  %  Gross margin (before indirect costs,  depreciation and amortization expense)  80.2  %  78.7  %  1.9  %  78.7  %  75.6  %  4.1  %  Gross margin (before depreciation and  amortization expense)  76.7  %  74.7  %  2.7  %  74.7  %  71.5  %  4.5  %  Weighted average for the period:  Square foot occupancy  94.9  %  96.3  %  (1.5)  %  96.3  %  94.5  %  1.9  %  Realized annual rental income per (c):  Occupied square foot  $  21.73  $  18.67  16.4  %  $  18.67  $  17.15  8.9  %  Available square foot  $  20.61  $  17.99  14.6  %  $  17.99  $  16.20  11.0  %  At December 31:  Square foot occupancy  92.4  %  94.8  %  (2.5)  %  94.8  %  94.2  %  0.6  %  Annual contract rent per occupied  square foot (d)  $  23.02  $  19.96  15.3  %  $  19.96  $  17.81  12.1  %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. See 'Ancillary Operations' below for more information.
- (b) Direct net operating income ('Direct NOI'), a subtotal within NOI, is a non-GAAP financial measure that excludes the impact of supervisory  payroll,  centralized  management  costs,  and  share-based  compensation  in  addition  to  depreciation  and  amortization expense. We utilize direct net operating income in evaluating property performance and in evaluating property operating trends as compared to our competitors.
- (c) Realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by  the  weighted  average  occupied  square  feet  for  the  period.  Realized  annual  rent  per  available  square  foot  ('REVPAF')  is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the total available net rentable square feet for the period. These measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. Late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency, and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of moveins. In addition, the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. These measures take into consideration promotional discounts, which reduce rental income.
- (d) Annual  contract  rent  represents  the  agreed  upon  monthly  rate  that  is  paid  by  our  tenants  in  place  at  the  time  of  measurement. Contract rates are initially set in the lease agreement upon move-in, and we adjust them from time to time with notice. Contract rent excludes other fees that are charged on a per-item basis, such as late charges and administrative fees, does not reflect the impact of promotional discounts, and does not reflect the impact of rents that are written off as uncollectible.

## Analysis of Same Store Revenue

We believe a balanced occupancy and rate strategy maximizes our revenues over time. We regularly adjust rental rates and promotional discounts offered (generally, '$1.00 rent for the first month'), as well as our marketing efforts to maximize revenue from new tenants to replace tenants that vacate.

We typically increase rental rates to our long-term tenants (generally, those who have been with us for at least a year) every six to twelve months. As a result, the number of long-term tenants we have in our facilities is an important factor  in  our  revenue  growth.  The  level  of  rate  increases  to  long-term  tenants  is  based  upon  evaluating  the  additional revenue from the increase against the negative impact of incremental move-outs, by considering customers' in-place rent and prevailing market rents, among other factors.

Revenues generated by our Same Store Facilities increased 14.8% and 10.6% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in each case as compared to the previous year. The increase in 2022 is due primarily to (i) a 16.4% increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2022 as compared to 2021, partially offset by (ii) a 1.5% decrease in average occupancy for 2022 as compared to 2021. The increase in 2021 is due primarily to (i) an 8.9% increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2021 as compared to 2020 and, to a lesser extent, (ii) a 1.9% increase in average occupancy for 2021 as compared to 2020.

Our growth in revenues, realized annual rent per occupied square foot, and REVPAF for 2022 as compared to 2021 was evident in each of our markets. Our weighted average square foot occupancy remained strong across our markets for 2022.

The increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot in 2022 as compared to the same periods in 2021 was due to rate increases to existing long-term tenants in substantially all of our markets in 2022 as compared to curtailed increases  in  certain  markets  in  2021,  combined  with  a  6.2%  increase  in  average  rates  per  square  foot  charged  to  new tenants moving in, as a result of strong customer demand in most of our markets. These improvements were partially offset by increases in move-out activity and promotional discounts given during 2022 as compared to 2021. At December 31, 2022, annual contract rent per occupied square foot was 15.3% higher as compared to December 31, 2021.

We experienced high occupancy levels throughout 2022 with a weighted average square foot occupancy of 94.9%, although representing a decrease of 1.5% during 2022 as compared to 2021. Year-over-year move-out volumes increased 9.7% and year-over-year move-in volumes increased 4.5% in 2022 as compared to 2021, leading to a lower square foot occupancy at December 31, 2022 of 92.4% as compared to 94.8% at December 31, 2021.

Move-out volumes were partially impacted by rental rate increases to our existing tenants in 2022 as compared to 2021.  However, move-out activity from tenants not receiving increases was also higher in 2022 compared to 2021 but remains  below  pre-2020  levels.  Average  length  of  stay  of  our  tenants  increased  in  2022  as  compared  to  2021,  which supported our revenue growth by contributing to the number of tenants eligible for rental rate increases in 2022.

In order to attract more new tenants to replace those that vacated in the second half of 2022, we took a number of actions  including  increasing  promotional  discounting,  reducing  rental  rates  to  new  customers,  and  increasing  marketing expense.

Demand historically has been higher in the summer months than in the winter months and, as a result, rental rates charged to new tenants have typically been higher in the summer months than in the winter months. More typical seasonal patterns of demand with lower demand in the winter months returned in 2022. Demand fluctuates due to various local and regional factors, including the overall economy. Demand for our facilities is also impacted by new supply of self-storage space and alternatives to self-storage.

We expect weaker demand in 2023 as compared to 2022 driven by a weaker macroeconomic outlook and more limited moving activities, with move-out activities and occupancy levels returning to pre-2020 levels. We will continue to support  demand  levels  with  increased  marketing  expense,  lowering  rental  rates  to  new  customers,  and  increased promotional discounting. As a result, we expect revenue growth to decline significantly in 2023 as compared to high levels of  growth in 2022 and 2021. With a wide range of potential macroeconomic pathways for 2023, the range of potential revenue growth rates is wide including the potential for year-over-year declines in revenue in the second half of 2023.

## Late Charges and Administrative Fees

Late  charges  and  administrative  fees  increased  23.0%  in  2022  and  decreased  1.8%  in  2021,  in  each  case  as compared to the previous year. The increase in 2022 is due to (i) higher late charges collected on delinquent accounts driven by more delinquent accounts compared to 2021 and to a lesser extent (ii) higher administrative fees charged per move-in combined with higher move-in volumes. The decrease in 2021 as compared to 2020 is due to (i) an acceleration in average collections whereby a greater percentage of tenants paid their monthly rent promptly to avoid the incurrence of such fees and (ii) reduced move-in administrative fees due to lower move-ins.

## Selected Key Statistical Data

The following table sets forth average annual contract rent per square foot and total square footage for tenants moving  in  and  moving  out  during  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021,  and  2020.  It  also  includes  promotional discounts, which vary based upon the move-in contractual rates, move-in volume, and percentage of tenants moving in who receive the discount.

| Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change  2021  2020  Change  (Amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)  Tenants moving in during the period:  Average annual contract rent per square foot  $  18.11  $  17.06  6.2  %  $  17.06  $  13.53  26.1  %  Square footage  97,783  93,607  4.5  %  93,607  104,636  (10.5)  %  Contract rents gained from move-ins  $  1,770,850  $  1,596,935  10.9  %  $  1,596,935  $  1,415,725  12.8  %  Promotional discounts given  $  46,087  $  38,203  20.6  %  $  38,203  $  75,785  (49.6)  %  Tenants moving out during the period:  Average annual contract rent per square foot  $  20.65  $  17.52  17.9  %  $  17.52  $  15.52  12.9  %  Square footage  101,399  92,466  9.7  %  92,466  100,670  (8.1)  %  Contract rents lost from move-outs  $  2,093,889  $  1,620,004  29.3  %  $  1,620,004  $  1,562,398  3.7  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Analysis of Same Store Cost of Operations

Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) increased 5.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021 due primarily  to  increased  property  tax  expense,  on-site  property  manager  payroll  expense,  marketing  expense,  other  direct property costs, and centralized management costs. Cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased 1.9% in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to decreased marketing expense and on-site property manager payroll expense, partially offset by increased property tax expense, other direct property costs, and centralized management costs.

Property tax expense increased 4.3% and 3.7% in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in each case as compared to the previous year, as a result of higher assessed values. We expected property tax expense growth of approximately 5.3% in 2023 due primarily to higher assessed values.

On-site property manager payroll expense increased 4.1% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and decreased 11.2% in 2021 as compared to 2020. The increase in 2022 is primarily due to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical  markets,  partially  offset  by  a  decline  in  hours  worked  driven  by  revisions  in  operational  processes.  The decrease in 2021 is primarily due to (i) a year-over-year decline in hours worked due to staffing reductions from reduced move-in and move-out activity and revisions to other operational processes and (ii) a temporary $3.00 hourly incentive increase and enhancement of paid time off benefits to all of our property managers between April 1, 2020 and June 30, 2020 in response to the COVID Pandemic, partially offset by wage increases in response to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical markets since the second quarter of 2021. We expect on-site property manager payroll expense to increase in 2023 driven by increased wage rates, partially offset by expected reduction in labor hours driven by revisions in operational processes.

Marketing  expense  includes  Internet  advertising  and  the  operating  costs  of  our  telephone  reservation  center. Internet advertising expense, comprising keyword search fees assessed on a 'per click' basis, varies based upon demand for  self-storage  space,  the  quantity  of  people  inquiring  about  self-storage  through  online  search,  occupancy  levels,  the number and aggressiveness  of  bidding  competitors,  and  other  factors.  These  factors  are  volatile;  accordingly,  Internet advertising can increase or decrease significantly in the short-term. We increased marketing expense by 15.7% in 2022 as compared to 2021, by utilizing  a  higher  volume  of  online  paid  search  programs  to  attract  new  tenants.  We  decreased marketing expense by 36.1% in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to lower volume of paid search programs we utilized in 2021 given strong demand and high occupancies in many of our same store properties.

Other direct property costs include administrative expenses specific to each self-storage facility, such as property loss,  telephone  and  data  communication  lines,  business  license  costs,  bank  charges  related  to  processing  the  facilities' cash  receipts,  tenant  mailings,  credit  card  fees,  eviction  costs,  and  the  cost  of  operating  each  property's  rental  office. These costs increased 10.0% in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 7.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020. These increases were due primarily to an increase in credit card fees as result of year-over-year increases in revenues, and to a lesser extent, a long-term trend of more customers paying with credit cards rather than cash, checks, or other methods of payment with lower transaction costs. We expect a moderate increase in other direct property costs in 2023 primarily driven by increase in credit card fees.

Centralized  management  costs  represents  administrative  and  cash  compensation  expenses  for  shared  general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. Such functions include information technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, facilities management, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. Centralized management  costs  increased  11.9%  in  2022  as  compared  to  2021  and  12.7%  in  2021  as  compared  to  2020.  These increases were due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations.  We expect centralized managements costs to remain flat in 2023 compared to 2022.

## Analysis of Market Trends

The following tables set forth selected market trends in our Same Store Facilities:

## Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market

͏

| As of  December 31, 2022  Year Ended December 31,  Number  of  Facilities  Square  Feet  (millions)  Realized Rent per  Occupied Square Foot  Average Occupancy  Realized Rent per  Available Square Foot  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  Los Angeles  212  15.3  $  32.55  $  27.32  19.1 %  96.9 %  98.2 %  (1.3)  % $  31.55  $  26.83  17.6 %  San Francisco  128  7.8  31.43  28.08  11.9 %  95.3 %  97.2 %  (2.0)  %  29.95  27.29  9.7 %  New York  90  6.4  30.60  27.44  11.5 %  94.5 %  96.3 %  (1.9)  %  28.92  26.43  9.4 %  Miami  83  5.8  27.92  22.42  24.5 %  95.6 %  97.1 %  (1.5)  %  26.70  21.77  22.6 %  Seattle-Tacoma  86  5.7  25.11  21.95  14.4 %  94.2 %  95.3 %  (1.2)  %  23.67  20.93  13.1 %  Washington DC  90  5.5  25.42  22.65  12.2 %  93.4 %  95.3 %  (2.0)  %  23.74  21.58  10.0 %  Chicago  129  8.1  19.28  16.63  15.9 %  93.6 %  95.7 %  (2.2)  %  18.05  15.92  13.4 %  Dallas-Ft. Worth  106  7.0  17.28  14.72  17.4 %  94.6 %  95.8 %  (1.3)  %  16.35  14.11  15.9 %  Atlanta  101  6.6  17.39  14.49  20.0 %  93.7 %  96.0 %  (2.4)  %  16.29  13.91  17.1 %  Houston  95  6.8  15.88  13.58  16.9 %  93.6 %  94.3 %  (0.7)  %  14.86  12.81  16.0 %  Orlando-Daytona  69  4.4  17.96  14.87  20.8 %  95.9 %  95.7 %  0.2 %  17.22  14.23  21.0 %  Philadelphia  56  3.5  20.92  18.55  12.8 %  94.4 %  97.1 %  (2.8)  %  19.75  18.02  9.6 %  West Palm Beach  37  2.6  25.40  21.15  20.1 %  95.9 %  96.8 %  (0.9)  %  24.35  20.48  18.9 %  Tampa  51  3.4  18.87  15.51  21.7 %  95.0 %  96.2 %  (1.2)  %  17.93  14.92  20.2 %  Charlotte  50  3.8  15.01  12.46  20.5 %  95.0 %  95.9 %  (0.9)  %  14.26  11.95  19.3 %  All other markets  893  56.4  17.91  15.51  15.5 %  94.8 %  96.2 %  (1.5)  %  16.98  14.93  13.7 %  Totals  2,276  149.1  $  21.73  $  18.67  16.4 %  94.9 %  96.3 %  (1.5)  % $  20.61  $  17.99  14.6 %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market (Continued)

| Year Ended December 31,  Revenues ($000's)  Direct Expenses ($000's)  Indirect Expenses ($000's)  Net Operating Income ($000's)  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  2022  2021  Change  Los Angeles  $  492,438  $  417,935  17.8 % $  62,909  $  58,765  7.1 % $  11,287  $  11,014  2.5 % $  418,242  $  348,156  20.1 %  San Francisco  238,642  216,832  10.1 %  35,100  33,929  3.5 %  6,645  6,689  (0.7)  %  196,897  176,214  11.7 %  New York  190,639  174,251  9.4 %  44,968  42,982  4.6 %  5,335  5,450  (2.1)  %  140,336  125,819  11.5 %  Miami  160,813  131,175  22.6 %  28,259  26,100  8.3 %  4,016  4,182  (4.0)  %  128,538  100,893  27.4 %  Seattle-Tacoma  138,426  122,217  13.3 %  23,295  22,457  3.7 %  3,894  4,060  (4.1)  %  111,237  95,700  16.2 %  Washington DC  135,483  122,902  10.2 %  27,850  26,531  5.0 %  4,140  4,079  1.5 %  103,493  92,292  12.1 %  Chicago  152,089  133,771  13.7 %  57,184  51,764  10.5 %  5,917  5,797  2.1 %  88,988  76,210  16.8 %  Dallas-Ft. Worth  118,577  102,074  16.2 %  26,047  24,196  7.7 %  4,548  4,645  (2.1)  %  87,982  73,233  20.1 %  Atlanta  113,572  96,721  17.4 %  22,299  19,041  17.1 %  4,756  4,879  (2.5)  %  86,517  72,801  18.8 %  Houston  105,071  90,192  16.5 %  28,554  27,281  4.7 %  4,289  4,397  (2.5)  %  72,228  58,514  23.4 %  Orlando-Daytona  78,622  64,982  21.0 %  14,883  13,543  9.9 %  3,487  3,284  6.2 %  60,252  48,155  25.1 %  Philadelphia  72,597  66,000  10.0 %  15,685  15,105  3.8 %  2,717  2,730  (0.5)  %  54,195  48,165  12.5 %  West Palm Beach  66,203  55,558  19.2 %  13,232  11,710  13.0 %  1,917  2,010  (4.6)  %  51,054  41,838  22.0 %  Tampa  63,047  52,443  20.2 %  13,033  11,767  10.8 %  2,385  2,404  (0.8)  %  47,629  38,272  24.4 %  Charlotte  56,671  47,411  19.5 %  9,405  9,113  3.2 %  2,324  2,208  5.3 %  44,942  36,090  24.5 %  All other markets  992,317  870,799  14.0 %  204,646  194,682  5.1 %  43,485  41,835  3.9 %  744,186  634,282  17.3 %  Totals  $  3,175,207  $  2,765,263  14.8 % $  627,349  $  588,966  6.5 % $  111,142  $  109,663  1.3 % $ 2,436,716  $  2,066,634  17.9 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market (Continued)

͏

| As of  December 31, 2022  Year Ended December 31,  Number  of  Facilities  Square  Feet  (millions)  Realized Rent per  Occupied Square Foot  Average Occupancy  Realized Rent per  Available Square Foot  2021  2020  Change  2021  2020  Change  2021  2020  Change  Los Angeles  212  15.3  $  27.32  $  25.81  5.9 %  98.2 %  96.6 %  1.7 % $  26.83  $  24.93  7.6 %  San Francisco  128  7.8  28.08  26.59  5.6 %  97.2 %  96.0 %  1.3 %  27.29  25.53  6.9 %  New York  90  6.4  27.44  25.86  6.1 %  96.3 %  95.1 %  1.3 %  26.43  24.58  7.5 %  Miami  83  5.8  22.42  19.73  13.6 %  97.1 %  94.4 %  2.9 %  21.77  18.62  16.9 %  Seattle-Tacoma  86  5.7  21.95  20.23  8.5 %  95.3 %  94.1 %  1.3 %  20.93  19.04  9.9 %  Washington DC  90  5.5  22.65  21.05  7.6 %  95.3 %  94.4 %  1.0 %  21.58  19.88  8.6 %  Chicago  129  8.1  16.63  14.96  11.2 %  95.7 %  93.8 %  2.0 %  15.92  14.04  13.4 %  Dallas-Ft. Worth  106  7.0  14.72  13.33  10.4 %  95.8 %  93.0 %  3.0 %  14.11  12.40  13.8 %  Atlanta  101  6.6  14.49  13.11  10.5 %  96.0 %  92.8 %  3.4 %  13.91  12.17  14.3 %  Houston  95  6.8  13.58  12.45  9.1 %  94.3 %  92.2 %  2.3 %  12.81  11.48  11.6 %  Orlando-Daytona  69  4.4  14.87  13.57  9.6 %  95.7 %  94.4 %  1.4 %  14.23  12.81  11.1 %  Philadelphia  56  3.5  18.55  16.86  10.0 %  97.1 %  96.1 %  1.0 %  18.02  16.20  11.2 %  West Palm Beach  37  2.6  21.15  18.36  15.2 %  96.8 %  94.7 %  2.2 %  20.48  17.39  17.8 %  Tampa  51  3.4  15.51  13.71  13.1 %  96.2 %  93.4 %  3.0 %  14.92  12.80  16.6 %  Charlotte  50  3.8  12.46  11.10  12.3 %  95.9 %  92.9 %  3.2 %  11.95  10.31  15.9 %  All other markets  893  56.4  15.51  14.09  10.1 %  96.2 %  94.5 %  1.8 %  14.93  13.31  12.2 %  Totals  2,276  149.1  $  18.67  $  17.15  8.9 %  96.3 %  94.5 %  1.9 % $  17.99  $  16.20  11.0 %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Same Store Facilities Operating Trends by Market (Continued)

| Year Ended December 31,  Revenues ($000's)  Direct Expenses ($000's)  Indirect Expenses ($000's)  Net Operating Income ($000's)  2021  2020  Change  2021  2020  Change  2021  2020  Change  2021  2020  Change  Los Angeles  $  417,935  $  389,109  7.4 % $  58,765  $  62,787  (6.4)  % $  11,014  $  10,371  6.2 % $  348,156  $  315,951  10.2 %  San Francisco  216,832  202,927  6.9 %  33,929  35,029  (3.1)  %  6,689  6,337  5.6 %  176,214  161,561  9.1 %  New York  174,251  162,637  7.1 %  42,982  43,849  (2.0)  %  5,450  4,881  11.7 %  125,819  113,907  10.5 %  Miami  131,175  112,742  16.3 %  26,100  26,353  (1.0)  %  4,182  4,115  1.6 %  100,893  82,274  22.6 %  Seattle-Tacoma  122,217  111,693  9.4 %  22,457  23,228  (3.3)  %  4,060  4,057  0.1 %  95,700  84,408  13.4 %  Washington DC  122,902  113,694  8.1 %  26,531  26,926  (1.5)  %  4,079  3,667  11.2 %  92,292  83,101  11.1 %  Chicago  133,771  118,560  12.8 %  51,764  50,338  2.8 %  5,797  5,473  5.9 %  76,210  62,749  21.5 %  Dallas-Ft. Worth  102,074  90,153  13.2 %  24,196  25,744  (6.0)  %  4,645  4,365  6.4 %  73,233  60,044  22.0 %  Atlanta  96,721  85,125  13.6 %  19,041  19,633  (3.0)  %  4,879  4,366  11.7 %  72,801  61,126  19.1 %  Houston  90,192  81,144  11.2 %  27,281  27,830  (2.0)  %  4,397  4,141  6.2 %  58,514  49,173  19.0 %  Orlando-Daytona  64,982  58,793  10.5 %  13,543  14,604  (7.3)  %  3,284  2,910  12.9 %  48,155  41,279  16.7 %  Philadelphia  66,000  59,666  10.6 %  15,105  15,461  (2.3)  %  2,730  2,633  3.7 %  48,165  41,572  15.9 %  West Palm Beach  55,558  47,364  17.3 %  11,710  11,708  - %  2,010  1,904  5.6 %  41,838  33,752  24.0 %  Tampa  52,443  45,205  16.0 %  11,767  12,410  (5.2)  %  2,404  2,155  11.6 %  38,272  30,640  24.9 %  Charlotte  47,411  41,106  15.3 %  9,113  9,627  (5.3)  %  2,208  2,027  8.9 %  36,090  29,452  22.5 %  All other markets  870,799  779,568  11.7 %  194,682  204,223  (4.7)  %  41,835  39,238  6.6 %  634,282  536,107  18.3 %  Totals  $  2,765,263  $  2,499,486  10.6 % $  588,966  $  609,750  (3.4)  % $  109,663  $  102,640  6.8 % $ 2,066,634  $  1,787,096  15.6 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquired Facilities

The  Acquired  Facilities  represent  368  facilities  that  we  acquired  in  2020,  2021,  and  2022.  As  a  result  of  the stabilization  process  and  timing  of  when  these  facilities  were  acquired,  year-over-year  changes  can  be  significant.  The following table summarizes operating data with respect to the Acquired Facilities:

| ACQUIRED FACILITIES  Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change (a)  2021  2020  Change (a)  ($ amounts in  thousands, except for per square foot amounts)  Revenues (b):  2020 Acquisitions  $  75,647  $  54,890  $  20,757  $  54,890  $  11,365  $  43,525  2021 Acquisitions  312,300  106,474  205,826  106,474  -  106,474  2022 Acquisitions  14,945  -  14,945  -  -  -  Total revenues  402,892  161,364  241,528  161,364  11,365  149,999  Cost of operations (b):  2020 Acquisitions  26,168  25,216  952  25,216  6,742  18,474  2021 Acquisitions  101,859  32,705  69,154  32,705  -  32,705  2022 Acquisitions  7,884  -  7,884  -  -  -  Total cost of operations  135,911  57,921  77,990  57,921  6,742  51,179  Net operating income:  2020 Acquisitions  49,479  29,674  19,805  29,674  4,623  25,051  2021 Acquisitions  210,441  73,769  136,672  73,769  -  73,769  2022 Acquisitions  7,061  -  7,061  -  -  -  Net operating income  266,981  103,443  163,538  103,443  4,623  98,820  Depreciation and amortization expense  (309,312)  (167,119)  (142,193)  (167,119)  (11,904)  (155,215)  Net loss  $  (42,331)  $  (63,676)  $  21,345  $  (63,676)  $  (7,281)  $  (56,395)  At December 31:  Square foot occupancy:  2020 Acquisitions  88.4  %  88.2  %  0.2  %  88.2  %  63.5  %  38.9  %  2021 Acquisitions  83.1  %  79.9  %  4.0  %  79.9  %  -  -  2022 Acquisitions  79.4  %  -  -  -  -  -  83.4  %  81.4  %  2.5  %  81.4  %  63.5  %  28.2  %  Annual contract rent per occupied square  foot:  2020 Acquisitions  $  17.39  $  14.82  17.3  %  $  14.82  $  12.50  18.6  %  2021 Acquisitions  17.81  15.62  14.0  %  15.62  -  -  2022 Acquisitions  11.48  -  -  -  -  -  $  16.84  $  15.46  8.9  %  $  15.46  $  12.50  23.7  %  Number of facilities:  2020 Acquisitions  62  62  -  62  62  -  2021 Acquisitions  232  232  -  232  -  232  2022 Acquisitions  74  -  74  -  -  -  368  294  74  294  62  232  Net rentable square feet (in thousands) (c):  2020 Acquisitions  5,075  5,075  -  5,075  5,075  -  2021 Acquisitions  21,908  21,830  78  21,830  -  21,830  2022 Acquisitions  4,726  -  4,726  -  -  -  31,709  26,905  4,804  26,905  5,075  21,830   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ACQUIRED FACILITIES (Continued)

| As of  December 31, 2022  Costs to acquire (in thousands):  2020 Acquisitions  $  796,065  2021 Acquisitions  5,115,276  2022 Acquisitions  730,480  $  6,641,821   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

͏

(a) Represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items.

(b) Revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. See 'Ancillary Operations' below for more information.

- (c) The Acquired Facilities have an aggregate of approximately 31.7 million net rentable square feet, including 11.2 million in Texas, 3.9 million in Maryland, 1.8 million in Florida, 1.2 million in Oklahoma, 1.1 million in Virginia, 0.9 million in North Carolina, 0.8 million in each of Arizona, Colorado and Ohio, 0.6 million in each of California, Georgia, Illinois, Minnesota,  and  South  Carolina,  0.5  million  in  each  of  Idaho,  Indiana,  Michigan,  Missouri,  Nebraska,  Oregon,  and Pennsylvania, 0.4 million in each of Alabama, Nevada, and Tennessee, 0.3 million in Washington, and 1.2 million in other states.

We have been active in acquiring facilities in recent years. Since the beginning of 2020, we acquired a total of 368 facilities with 31.7 million net rentable square feet for $6.6 billion. During 2022, these facilities contributed net operating income of $267.0 million.

During  2022,  we  acquired  the  Neighborhood  Storage  portfolio  in  the  Ocala,  Florida  market,  consisting  of  28 properties  with  1.2  million  net  rentable  square  feet,  which  includes  26  properties  closed  in  December  2022  for  $179.8 million and two properties that are under construction and expected to close in early 2023.

During 2021, we acquired the ezStorage portfolio, consisting of 48 properties (4.1 million net rentable square feet) for acquisition cost of $1.8 billion. Included in the Acquisition results in the table above are ezStorage portfolio revenues of $100.8 million, NOI of $79.9 million (including Direct NOI of $82.7 million), and average square footage occupancy of 89.6% for 2022.

During 2021, we acquired the All Storage portfolio, consisting of 56 properties (7.5 million net rentable square feet)  for  $1.5  billion.  Included  in  the  Acquisition  results  in  the  table  above  are  All  Storage  portfolio  revenues  of $79.2 million, NOI of $48.4 million (including Direct NOI of $51.2 million), and average square footage occupancy of 79.4% for 2022.

We remain active in seeking to acquire additional self-storage facilities. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities across five states with 0.5 million net rentable square feet, for $70.5 million. Future acquisition volume is likely to be impacted by increasing cost of capital requirements and overall macro-economic uncertainties.

## Developed and Expanded Facilities

The developed and expanded facilities  include  62  facilities  that  were  developed  on  new  sites  since  January  1, 2017, and 91 facilities expanded to increase their net rentable square footage. Of these expansions, 51 were completed before 2021, 27 were completed in 2021 or 2022, and 13 are currently in process at December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes operating data with respect to the Developed and Expanded Facilities:

## DEVELOPED AND EXPANDED FACILITIES

| Year Ended December 31,  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change (a)  2021  2020  Change (a)  ($ amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)  Revenues (b):  Developed in 2017  $  35,216  $  27,593  $  7,623  $  27,593  $  21,541  $  6,052  Developed in 2018  36,789  28,308  8,481  28,308  20,163  8,145  Developed in 2019  16,444  11,921  4,523  11,921  6,455  5,466  Developed in 2020  6,838  3,405  3,433  3,405  301  3,104  Developed in 2021  8,333  1,602  6,731  1,602  -  1,602  Developed in 2022  687  -  687  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  95,029  70,091  24,938  70,091  47,886  22,205  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  51,374  33,746  17,628  33,746  29,333  4,413  Expansions in process  18,535  20,392  (1,857)  20,392  19,681  711  Total revenues  269,245  197,058  72,187  197,058  145,360  51,698  Cost of operations (b):  Developed in 2017  10,416  9,932  484  9,932  9,625  307  Developed in 2018  10,742  9,983  759  9,983  10,364  (381)  Developed in 2019  5,622  5,240  382  5,240  4,685  555  Developed in 2020  1,702  1,679  23  1,679  383  1,296  Developed in 2021  3,539  1,546  1,993  1,546  -  1,546  Developed in 2022  738  -  738  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  30,357  28,554  1,803  28,554  25,083  3,471  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  12,554  8,949  3,605  8,949  8,187  762  Expansions in process  3,796  4,146  (350)  4,146  4,544  (398)  Total cost of operations  79,466  70,029  9,437  70,029  62,871  7,158  Net operating income (loss):  Developed in 2017  24,800  17,661  7,139  17,661  11,916  5,745  Developed in 2018  26,047  18,325  7,722  18,325  9,799  8,526  Developed in 2019  10,822  6,681  4,141  6,681  1,770  4,911  Developed in 2020  5,136  1,726  3,410  1,726  (82)  1,808  Developed in 2021  4,794  56  4,738  56  -  56  Developed in 2022  (51)  -  (51)  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  64,672  41,537  23,135  41,537  22,803  18,734  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  38,820  24,797  14,023  24,797  21,146  3,651  Expansions in process  14,739  16,246  (1,507)  16,246  15,137  1,109  Net operating income  189,779  127,029  62,750  127,029  82,489  44,540  Depreciation and amortization expense  (63,362)  (56,411)  (6,951)  (56,411)  (48,573)  (7,838)  Net income  $  126,417  $  70,618  $  55,799  $  70,618  $  33,916  $  36,702   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEVELOPED AND EXPANDED FACILITIES (Continued)

| As of December 31,  As of December 31,  2022  2021  Change (a)  2021  2020  Change (a)  ($ amounts in thousands, except for per square foot amounts)  Square foot occupancy:  Developed in 2017  89.3  %  91.4  %  (2.3)  %  91.4  %  88.7  %  3.0  %  Developed in 2018  87.5  %  88.6  %  (1.2)  %  88.6  %  86.5  %  2.4  %  Developed in 2019  87.3  %  87.3  %  -  87.3  %  84.6  %  3.2  %  Developed in 2020  94.3  %  88.9  %  6.1  %  88.9  %  34.0  %  161.5  %  Developed in 2021  82.4  %  48.8  %  68.9  %  48.8  %  -  -  Developed in 2022  41.6  %  -  -  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  86.7  %  86.6  %  0.1  %  86.6  %  75.0  %  15.5  %  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  80.0  %  81.4  %  (1.7)  %  81.4  %  90.8  %  (10.4)  %  Expansions in process  81.8  %  89.2  %  (8.3)  %  89.2  %  94.4  %  (5.5)  %  84.1  %  85.3  %  (1.4)  %  85.3  %  81.2  %  5.0  %  Annual contract rent per occupied square foot:  Developed in 2017  $  19.77  $  16.03  23.3  %  16.03  12.64  26.8  %  Developed in 2018  20.84  17.08  22.0  %  17.08  12.73  34.2  %  Developed in 2019  18.19  14.58  24.8  %  14.58  9.69  50.5  %  Developed in 2020  21.75  17.67  23.1  %  17.67  10.08  75.3  %  Developed in 2021  18.04  15.41  17.1  %  15.41  -  -  Developed in 2022  13.84  -  -  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  16.17  13.64  18.5  %  13.64  10.41  31.0  %  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  21.52  19.14  12.4  %  19.14  18.19  5.2  %  Expansions in process  26.49  24.03  10.2  %  24.03  21.87  9.9  %  $  18.98  $  16.08  18.0  %  16.08  12.79  25.7  %  Number of facilities:  Developed in 2017  16  16  -  16  16  -  Developed in 2018  18  18  -  18  18  -  Developed in 2019  11  11  -  11  11  -  Developed in 2020  3  3  -  3  3  -  Developed in 2021  6  6  -  6  -  6  Developed in 2022  8  -  8  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  51  51  -  51  51  -  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  27  27  -  27  25  2  Expansions in process  13  13  -  13  13  -  153  145  8  145  137  8  Net rentable square feet (in thousands) (c):  Developed in 2017  2,040  2,040  -  2,040  2,040  -  Developed in 2018  2,069  2,069  -  2,069  2,069  -  Developed in 2019  1,057  1,057  -  1,057  1,057  -  Developed in 2020  347  347  -  347  347  -  Developed in 2021  681  681  -  681  -  681  Developed in 2022  631  -  631  -  -  -  Expansions completed before 2021  6,879  6,879  -  6,879  6,873  6  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022  3,247  2,636  611  2,636  1,741  895  Expansions in process  749  897  (148)  897  961  (64)  17,700  16,606  1,094  16,606  15,088  1,518   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

͏

| As of  December 31, 2022  Costs to develop (in thousands):  Developed in 2017  $  239,871  Developed in 2018  262,187  Developed in 2019  150,387  Developed in 2020  42,063  Developed in 2021  115,632  Developed in 2022  100,089  Expansions completed before 2021 (d)  478,659  Expansions completed in 2021 or 2022 (d)  231,270  $  1,620,158   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) Represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items.

(b) Revenues  and  cost  of  operations  do  not  include  tenant  reinsurance  and  merchandise  sales  generated  at  the  facilities.  See 'Ancillary Operations' below for more information.

(c) The facilities included above have an aggregate of approximately 17.7 million net rentable square feet at December 31, 2022, including  5.0  million  in  Texas,  3.2  million  in  Florida,  2.2  million  in  California,  1.5  million  in  Colorado,  1.4  million  in Minnesota,  0.9  million  in  North  Carolina,  0.7  million  in  Michigan,  0.4  million  in  each  of  Missouri,  New  Jersey,  South Carolina, and Washington, 0.3 million in Virginia, and 0.9 million in other states.

(d) These amounts only include the direct cost incurred to expand and renovate these facilities, and do not include (i) the original cost to develop or acquire the facility or (ii) the lost revenue on space demolished during the construction and fill-up period.

It  typically takes at least three to four years for a newly developed or expanded self-storage facility to stabilize with respect to revenues. Physical occupancy can be achieved as early as two to three years following completion of the development  or  expansion  through  offering  lower  rental  rates  during  fill-up.  As  a  result,  even  after  achieving  high occupancy, there can still be a period of elevated revenue growth as the tenant base matures and higher rental rates are achieved.

We believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. However, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense.

We  typically  underwrite  new  developments  to  stabilize  at  approximately  an  8.0%  NOI  yield  on  cost.  Our developed facilities have thus far leased up as expected and are at various stages of their revenue stabilization periods. The actual annualized yields that we may achieve on these facilities upon stabilization will depend on many factors, including local and current market conditions in the vicinity of each property and the level of new and existing supply.

The facilities under 'expansions completed' represent those facilities where the expansions have been completed at December 31, 2022. We incurred a total of $709.9 million in direct cost to expand these facilities, demolished a total of 1.2 million net rentable square feet of storage space, and built a total of 6.3 million net rentable square feet of new storage space.

At December 31, 2022, we had 22 additional facilities in development, which will have a total of 2.1 million net rentable square feet of storage space and have an aggregate development cost totaling approximately $492.3 million. We expect these facilities to open over the next 18 to 24 months.

The  facilities  under  'expansion  in  process'  represent  those  facilities  where  construction  is  in  process  at December 31, 2022, and together with additional future expansion activities primarily related to our Same Store Facilities at  December  31,  2022,  we  expect  to  add  a  total  of  2.5  million  net  rentable  square  feet  of  storage  space  by  expanding existing self-storage facilities for an aggregate direct development cost of $487.3 million.

## Other Non-Same Store Facilities

The  'Other  Non-Same  Store  Facilities'  represent  facilities  which,  while  not  newly  acquired,  developed,  or expanded, are not fully stabilized since January 1, 2020, including facilities undergoing fill-up as well as facilities damaged in casualty events such as hurricanes, floods, and fires.

The  Other  Non-Same  Store  Facilities  have  an  aggregate  of  5.7  million  net  rentable  square  feet,  including  1.1 million in Texas, 0.6 million in each of Florida and Washington, 0.4 million in each of California and Virginia, 0.3 million in each of Indiana and South Carolina, 0.2 million in each of Arizona, Georgia, Kentucky, Massachusetts, and Tennessee, and 1.0 million in other states.

During  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  the  average  occupancy  for  these  facilities  totaled  91.4%,  92.7%,  and  85.5%, respectively, and the realized rent per occupied square foot totaled $18.42, $14.61, and $12.69, respectively.

## Depreciation and amortization expense

Depreciation and amortization expense for Self-Storage Operations increased $174.7 million in 2022 as compared to  2021  and  increased  $160.2  million  in  2021  as  compared  to  2020,  primarily  due  to  newly  acquired  facilities  of  $5.1 billion  in  2021.  We  expect  continued increases in depreciation expense in 2023 as a result of elevated levels of capital expenditures and new facilities that are acquired, developed or expanded in 2023.

The following discussion and analysis of the components of net income, including Ancillary Operations and items not allocated to segments, present a comparison for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021.  The  results  of  these  components  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  compared  to  December  31,  2020  was included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 on page 23, under Part II, Item 7, 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,' which was filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022.

## Ancillary Operations

Ancillary  revenues  and  expenses  include  amounts  associated  with  the  reinsurance  of  policies  against  losses  to goods stored by tenants in our self-storage facilities, sale of merchandise at our self-storage facilities, and management of property owned by unrelated third parties. The following table sets forth our ancillary operations:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change  (Amounts in thousands)  Revenues:  Tenant reinsurance premiums  $  188,201  $  166,585  $  21,616  Merchandise  28,303  28,466  (163)  Third party property management  19,631  17,207  2,424  Total revenues  236,135  212,258  23,877  Cost of operations:  Tenant reinsurance  36,830  33,932  2,898  Merchandise  17,113  17,274  (161)  Third party property management  18,755  17,362  1,393  Total cost of operations  72,698  68,568  4,130  Net operating income (loss):  Tenant reinsurance  151,371  132,653  18,718  Merchandise  11,190  11,192  (2)  Third party property management  876  (155)  1,031  Total net operating income  $  163,437  $  143,690  $  19,747   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Tenant reinsurance operations: Tenant reinsurance premium revenue increased $21.6 million or 13.0% in 2022 over 2021, as a result of an increase in our tenant base with respect to acquired, newly developed, and expanded facilities and the third party properties we manage. Tenant reinsurance premium revenue generated from tenants at our Same-Store Facilities  were  $139.0  million  and  $133.9  million  in  2022  and  2021,  respectively,  representing  a  3.8%  year  over  year increase in 2022.

We expect future growth will come primarily from customers of newly acquired and developed facilities, as well as additional tenants at our existing unstabilized self-storage facilities.

Cost of operations primarily includes claims paid as well as claims adjustment expenses. Claims expenses vary based upon the number of insured tenants and the volume of events that drive covered customer losses, such as burglary, as well  as  catastrophic  weather  events  affecting  multiple  properties  such  as  hurricanes  and  floods.  Included  in  cost  of operations are $2.7 million of estimated claims costs related to Hurricane Ian for 2022, as compared to $2.0 million of estimated claims costs related to Hurricane Ida for 2021.

Merchandise  sales: Sales  of  locks,  boxes,  and  packing  supplies  at  our  self-storage  facilities  are  primarily impacted by the level of move-ins and other customer traffic at our self-storage facilities. We do not expect any significant changes in revenues or profitability from our merchandise sales in 2023.

Third-party property management: At December 31, 2022, in our third-party property management program, we managed 114 facilities for unrelated third parties, and were under contract to manage 78 additional facilities including 73

facilities that are currently under construction. During 2022, we added 60 facilities to the program, acquired three facilities from the program, and had 17 properties exit the program due to sales to other buyers. While we expect this business to increase in scope and size, we do not expect any significant changes in overall profitability of this business in the near term as we seek new properties to manage and are in the earlier stages of fill-up for newly managed properties.

## Analysis of items not allocated to segments

## Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities

We account for the equity investments in PSB and Shurgard using the equity method and record our pro-rata share of  the  net  income  of  these  entities.  The  following  table,  and  the  discussion  below,  sets  forth  our  equity  in  earnings  of unconsolidated real estate entities:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change  (Amounts in thousands)  Equity in earnings:  PSB  $  80,596  $  207,722  $  (127,126)  Shurgard  26,385  24,371  2,014  Total equity in earnings  $  106,981  $  232,093  $  (125,112)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Investment in PSB: On April 24, 2022, PSB entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger whereby affiliates of Blackstone agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of PSB's common stock for $187.50 per share in cash. On July 20, 2022, PSB announced that it completed the merger transaction with Blackstone. Each share of PSB common stock and each common unit of partnership interest we held in PSB were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of $187.50 per share or unit, including a $5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a $0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of $187.72 per share or unit. At the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of $2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of $2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of our equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. in the Consolidated Statement of Income. Accordingly, equity in earnings from PSB for the year ended December 31, 2022 reflect activities through the merger date, July 20, 2022.

Included in our equity earnings from PSB is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling $49.1 million and $149.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our equity share of earnings from PSB contributed $57.7 million and $99.3 million to Core FFO in 2022 and 2021, respectively.

As a result of closing the sale of PSB, we will no longer recognize equity in earnings from PSB in the future.

Investment in Shurgard: Included in our equity earnings from Shurgard for the year ended December 31, 2022 is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling $3.5 million.

For  purposes  of  recording  our  equity  in  earnings  from  Shurgard,  the  Euro  was  translated  at  exchange  rates  of approximately 1.070 U.S. Dollars per Euro at December 31, 2022 (1.134 at December 31, 2021), and average exchange rates of 1.054 for 2022 and 1.183 for 2021. Accordingly, our equity in earnings from Shurgard was negatively impacted by the strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Euro by approximately 10.9% during the year ended December 31, 2022.

General and administrative expense: The following table sets forth our general and administrative expense:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change  (Amounts in thousands)  Share-based compensation expense  $  37,865  $  37,760  $  105  Development and acquisition costs  17,540  8,892  8,648  Federal and State tax expense and related compliance costs  16,086  11,530  4,556  Legal costs  4,014  6,194  (2,180)  Corporate management costs  21,808  18,594  3,214  Other costs  17,429  18,284  (855)  Total  $  114,742  $  101,254  $  13,488   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Development and acquisition costs primarily represent internal and external expenses related to our development and acquisition of real estate facilities and varies primarily based upon the level of activities. The amounts in the above table are net of $17.4 million and $14.6 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in development costs that were capitalized to  newly  developed  and  redeveloped  self-storage  facilities.  During  2022,  we  wrote  off  $7.0  million  of  accumulated development costs for cancelled development and redevelopment projects driven by significant increases in construction costs from when the projects were initiated.

Interest and other income: The following table sets forth our interest and other income:

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Change  (Amounts in thousands)  Interest earned on cash balances  $  20,824  $  101  $  20,723  Commercial operations  9,846  8,127  1,719  Unrealized gain on private equity investments  4,685  -  4,685  Other  5,212  4,078  1,134  Total  $  40,567  $  12,306  $  28,261   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Interest expense: For 2022 and 2021, we incurred $142.4 million and $94.3 million, respectively, of interest on our  outstanding  notes  payable.  In  determining  interest  expense,  these  amounts  were  offset  by  capitalized  interest  of $6.0 million and $3.5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively, associated with our development activities. The increase of interest expense in 2022 as compared to 2021 is due to our issuances of debt to fund our 2021 acquisition activity. At December  31,  2022,  we  had  $6.9  billion  of  notes  payable  outstanding,  with  a  weighted  average  interest  rate  of approximately 2.0%.

Foreign Currency Exchange Gain: For 2022, we recorded foreign currency gains of $98.3 million, representing primarily  the  changes  in  the  U.S.  Dollar  equivalent  of  our  Euro-denominated  unsecured  notes  due  to  fluctuations  in exchange rates (gains of $111.8 million for 2021). The Euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.070 U.S. Dollars per Euro at December 31, 2022 and 1.134 at December 31, 2021. Future gains and losses on foreign currency will be dependent upon changes in the relative value of the Euro to the U.S. Dollar and the level of Euro-denominated notes payable outstanding.

Gain on Sale of Real Estate: In 2022 and 2021, we recorded gains on sale of real estate totaling $1.5 million and $13.7  million,  respectively,  in  connection  with  the  partial  sale  of  real  estate  facilities  pursuant  to  eminent  domain proceedings.

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

## Overview and our Sources of Capital

While operating as a REIT allows us to minimize the payment of U.S. federal corporate income tax expense, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our shareholders. Notwithstanding this requirement, our annual operating retained cash flow increased from $200 million to $300 million per year in recent years to approximately $700 million in 2021 and $1 billion in 2022. Retained operating cash flow represents our expected cash flow provided by operating  activities  (including  property  operating  costs  and  interest  payments  described  below),  less  shareholder distributions and capital expenditures. We expect retained cash flow of approximately $500 million for 2023.

The REIT distribution requirement limits cash flow from operations that can be retained and reinvested in the business, increasing our reliance upon raising capital to fund growth. Capital needs in excess of retained cash flow are met with:  (i)  medium  and  long-term  debt,  (ii)  preferred  equity,  and  (iii)  common  equity.  We  select  among  these  sources  of capital based upon relative cost, availability, the desire for leverage, and considering potential constraints caused by certain features of capital sources, such as debt covenants. We view our line of credit, as well as any short-term bank loans, as bridge financing.

Because  raising  capital  is  important  to  our  growth,  we  endeavor  to  maintain  a  strong  financial  profile characterized by strong credit metrics, including low leverage relative to our total capitalization and operating cash flows. We are one of the highest rated REITs, as rated by major rating agencies Moody's and Standard &amp; Poor's. Our senior notes payable have an 'A' credit rating by Standard &amp; Poor's and 'A2' by Moody's. Our credit ratings on each of our series of preferred  shares  are  'A3'  by  Moody's  and  'BBB+'  by  Standard  &amp;  Poor's.  Our  credit  profile  enables  us  to  effectively access both the public and private capital markets to raise capital.

We have a $500.0 million revolving line of credit that we are able to use as temporary 'bridge' financing until we are  able  to  raise  longer  term  capital.  As  of  December  31,  2022  and  February  21,  2023,  there  were  no  borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit; however, we do have approximately $18.6 million of outstanding letters of credit,  which  limits  our  borrowing  capacity  to  $481.4  million  as  of  February  21,  2023.  Our  line  of  credit  matures  on April 19, 2024.

We believe that we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities, and we have  significant  access  to  sources  of  capital  including  debt  and  preferred  equity.  While  the  costs  of  financing  have increased  recently,  based  on  our  strong  credit  profile  and  our  substantial  current  liquidity  relative  to  our  capital requirements noted below, we would not expect any potential capital market dislocations to have a material impact upon our  expected  capital  and  growth  plans  over  the  next  12  months.  However,  if  capital  market  conditions  were  to  change significantly in the long run, our access to or cost of debt and preferred equity capital could be negatively impacted and potentially affect future investment activities.

Our current and expected capital resources include: (i) $775.3 million of cash as of December 31, 2022 and (ii) approximately $500.0 million of expected retained operating cash flow over the next twelve months. We believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures, and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.

As described below, our current committed cash requirements consist of (i) $70.5 million in property acquisitions currently under contract and (ii) $606.6 million of remaining spending on our current development pipeline, which will be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months.  Our cash requirements may increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties.  Additional potential cash requirements could result from various activities including the redemption of outstanding preferred securities, repurchases of common stock, or merger and acquisition activities, as and to the extent we determine to engage in such activities.

Over the long term, to the extent that our cash requirements exceed our capital resources, we believe we have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities.

## Cash Requirements

The following summarizes our expected material cash requirements, which comprise (i) contractually obligated expenditures, including payments of principal and interest, (ii) other essential expenditures, including property operating expenses, maintenance capital expenditures and dividends paid in accordance with REIT distribution requirements, and (iii) opportunistic expenditures, including acquisitions and developments and repurchases of our securities. We expect to satisfy these cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings.

Required  Debt  Repayments: As  of  December  31,  2022,  the  principal  outstanding  on  our  debt  totaled approximately  $6.9  billion,  consisting  of  $10.1  million  of  secured  notes  payable,  $1.7  billion  of  Euro-denominated unsecured  notes  payable  and  $5.3  billion  of  U.S.  Dollar  denominated  unsecured  notes  payable.  Approximate  principal maturities and interest payments are as follows (amounts in thousands):

| 2023  $  151,532  2024  933,385  2025  367,561  2026  1,251,404  2027  587,643  Thereafter  4,349,115  $  7,640,640   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Capital  Expenditure  Requirements: Capital  expenditures  include  general  maintenance,  major  repairs,  or replacements to elements of our facilities to keep our facilities in good operating condition and maintain their visual appeal. Capital  expenditures  do  not  include  costs  relating  to  the  development  of  new  facilities  or  redevelopment  of  existing facilities to increase their available rentable square footage.

Capital expenditures totaled $452.3 million in 2022 and are expected to approximate $450 million in 2023. In addition to standard capital repairs of building elements reaching the end of their useful lives, our capital expenditures in recent years have included incremental expenditures to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to  local  competitors  pursuant  to  a  multi-year  program.  Such  investments  include  development  of  more  pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage and upgrades to the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. We spent approximately $189 million in 2022 and expect to spend $160 million in 2023 on this effort. In addition, we have made investments in LED lighting and the installation of solar panels, which approximated $56 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and we expect to spend $132 million in 2023.

We  believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of LED lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs.

Requirement to Pay Distributions: For all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Code. For each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will not be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our 'REIT taxable income' (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. We believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to qualify as a REIT.

On  February  4,  2023,  our  Board  declared  a  regular  common  quarterly  dividend  of  $3.00  per  common  share totaling approximately $526 million, which will be paid at the end of March 2023.  Our consistent, long-term dividend policy  has  been  to  distribute  our  taxable  income.  Future  quarterly  distributions  with  respect  to  the  common  shares  will continue to be determined based upon our REIT distribution requirements after taking into consideration distributions to the  preferred  shareholders  and  will  be  funded  with  cash  flows  from  operating  activities.  Our  future  aggregate  annual common dividend distributions may increase as a result of the issuance of additional common shares, including any shares that would be issued if we were to consummate our recently proposed acquisition of Life Storage.

The annual  distribution  requirement  with  respect  to  our  preferred  shares  outstanding  at  December  31,  2022  is approximately $194.7 million per year.

Real  Estate  Investment  Activities: We continue  to  seek  to  acquire  additional  self-storage  facilities  from  third parties. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities for a total purchase price of $70.5 million.

We are actively  seeking  to  acquire  additional  facilities.  However,  future  acquisition  volume  will  depend  upon whether  additional  owners  will  be  motivated  to  market  their  facilities,  which  will  in  turn  depend  upon  factors  such  as economic conditions and the level of seller confidence.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  had  development  and  expansion  projects  at  a  total  cost  of  approximately $979.6 million. Costs incurred through December 31, 2022 were $373.0 million, with the remaining cost to complete of $606.6  million  expected  to  be  incurred  primarily  in  the  next  18  to  24  months.  Some  of  these  projects  are  subject  to contingencies such as entitlement approval. We expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. Our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that  meet  our  risk-adjusted  yield  expectations  and  challenges  in  obtaining  building  permits  for  self-storage  facilities  in certain municipalities.

Property  Operating  Expenses: The  direct and indirect cost of our operations impose  significant cash requirements.  Direct operating costs include property taxes, on-site property manager payroll, repairs and maintenance, utilities, and marketing.  Indirect operating costs include supervisory payroll and centralized management costs.  The cash requirements from these operating costs will vary year to year based on, among other things, changes in the size of our portfolio and changes in property tax rates and assessed values, wage rates, and marketing costs in our markets.

Redemption  of  Preferred  Securities :  Historically,  we  have  taken  advantage  of  refinancing  higher  coupon preferred securities with lower coupon preferred securities. In the future, we may also elect to finance the redemption of preferred securities with proceeds from the issuance of debt. As of February 21, 2023, we have two series of preferred securities that are eligible for redemption, at our option and with 30 days' notice: our 5.150% Series F Preferred Shares ($280.0  million)  and  our  5.050%  Series  G  Preferred  Shares  ($300.0  million).  See  Note  9  to  our  December  31,  2022 consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  redemption  dates  of  all  of  our  series  of  preferred  shares.  Redemption  of  such preferred  shares  will  depend  upon  many  factors,  including  the  rate  at  which  we  could  issue  replacement  preferred securities. None of our preferred securities are redeemable at the option of the holders.

Repurchases of Common Shares : Our Board has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. During 2022, we did not repurchase any of our common shares. From the inception of the repurchase program through February 21, 2023, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916  common  shares  at  an  aggregate  cost  of  approximately  $679.1  million.  Future  levels  of  common  share repurchases  will  be  dependent  upon  our  available  capital,  investment  alternatives  and  the  trading  price  of  our  common shares.

## ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

To  limit  our  exposure  to  market  risk,  we  are  capitalized  primarily  with  preferred  and  common  equity.  Our preferred shares are redeemable at our option generally five years after issuance, but the holder has no redemption option. Our debt, which totals approximately $6.9 billion at December 31, 2022, is the only market-risk sensitive portion of our capital structure.

The fair value of our debt at December 31, 2022 is approximately $6.0 billion. The table below summarizes the annual maturities of our debt, which had a weighted average effective rate of 2.0% at December 31, 2022. See Note 7 to our  December  31,  2022  consolidated  financial  statements  for  further  information  regarding  our  debt  (amounts  in thousands).

| 2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  Thereafter  Total  Debt  $  8,270  $  807,159  $  259,170  $  1,150,138  $  500,140  $  4,185,709  $  6,910,586   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We have foreign currency exposure at December 31, 2022 related to (i) our investment in Shurgard, with a book value of $275.8 million, and a fair value of $1.4 billion based upon the closing price of Shurgard's stock on December 31, 2022, and (ii) €1.5 billion ($1.7 billion) of Euro-denominated unsecured notes payable, providing a natural hedge against the fair value of our investment in Shurgard.

## ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The  financial  statements  and  supplementary  data  appearing  on  pages  F-3  to  F-34  are  incorporated  herein  by reference.

## ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

Not applicable.

## ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures

## Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We  maintain  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  that  are  designed  to  ensure  that  information  required  to  be disclosed in reports we file and submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in accordance with SEC guidelines, and that  such  information  is  communicated  to  our  management,  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial Officer,  to  allow  timely  decisions  regarding  required  disclosure  based  on  the  definition  'of  disclosure  controls  and procedures' in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,  management  recognized  that  any  controls  and  procedures,  no  matter  how  well  designed  and  operated,  can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures in reaching that level of reasonable  assurance.  We  also  have  investments  in  certain  unconsolidated  real  estate  entities,  and,  because  we  do  not control these entities, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to such entities are substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries.

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  carried  out  an  evaluation,  under  the  supervision  and  with  the  participation  of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation  of  our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  (as  such  term  is  defined  in  Rules  13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  of  the Exchange  Act).  Based  on  that  evaluation,  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  concluded  that  our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022, at a reasonable assurance level.

## Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as  such  term  is  defined  in  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  of  the  Exchange  Act.  Under  the  supervision  and  with  the

participation  of  our  management,  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer,  we  conducted  an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal ControlIntegrated  Framework issued  by  the  Committee  on  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (2013 Framework). Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control-Integrated Framework ,  our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

The effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm. Ernst &amp; Young LLP's report on our internal control over financial reporting appears below.

## Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022 to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Shareholders and Board of Trustees of Public Storage

## Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited Public Storage's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Public Storage (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Los Angeles, California February 21, 2023

## ITEM 9B. Other Information

None.

## ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections

Not applicable.

## PART III

## ITEM 10. Trustees, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The following is a biographical summary of the current executive officers of the Company:

Joseph D. Russell, Jr. ,  age  63,  has  served  as  Chief  Executive Officer since January 1, 2019, and as President since July 2016.  Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Russell was President and Chief Executive Officer of PS Business Parks, Inc. from August 2002 to July 2016. Mr. Russell has also served as a trustee of Public Storage since January 1, 2019.

H. Thomas Boyle ,  age  40,  has  served  as  Chief  Financial  Officer  since  January  1,  2019  and  Chief  Investment Officer since January 1, 2023. Previously, Mr. Boyle was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Operations, from November 2016, when he joined the Company, until January 2019. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Boyle served in roles of increasing responsibilities with Morgan Stanley since 2005, from analyst to his last role as Executive Director, Equity and Debt Capital Markets.

Natalia N. Johnson ,  age 45, has served as Chief Administrative Officer since August 4, 2020. Previously, Ms. Johnson was Senior Vice President, Chief Human Resources Officer from April 2018 until August 2020, and prior to that was Senior Vice President of Human Resources, a position she held since joining the Company in July 2016. Prior to joining Public Storage, Ms. Johnson held a variety of senior management positions at Bank of America, including Chief Operating Officer for Mortgage Technology and Human Resources Executive for the Mortgage Business, and worked for Coca-Cola Andina and San Cristόbal Insurance.

Nathaniel A. Vitan ,  age 49, has served as Senior Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary since April 20, 2019, and was previously Vice President and Chief Counsel-Litigation and Operations since joining the Company in June 2016 until April 2019. Prior to joining Public Storage, Mr. Vitan was Assistant General Counsel for Altria Client Services LLC from 2008 to 2016, and before then was a Trial and Appellate Practice attorney at Latham &amp; Watkins LLP.

David  Lee ,  age  47,  has  served  as  Chief  Operating  Officer  since  November  1,  2021  and  as  the  Company's principal  operating  officer  since  February  21,  2023.  Prior  to  joining  Public  Storage,  Mr.  Lee  held  various  roles  of increasing responsibility at The UPS Store since 2002, most recently as Senior Vice President of Operations.

Other  information  required  by  this  item  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  the  material  appearing  in  the Company's Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act.

## ITEM 11. Executive Compensation

The  information  required  by  this  item  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  the  material  appearing  in  the Company's Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act.

## ITEM  12. Security  Ownership  of  Certain  Beneficial  Owners  and  Management  and  Related  Shareholder Matters

The  following  table  sets  forth  information,  as  of  December  31,  2022  on  the  Company's  equity  compensation plans:

Equity Compensation Plan Information

| Plan Category  Number of  securities to be  issued upon  exercise of  outstanding  options, warrants,  and rights  Weighted-  average exercise  price of  outstanding  options, warrants,  and rights  Number of securities  remaining available  for future issuance  under equity  compensation plans  (excluding securities  reflected in column  (A))  (A)  (B)  (C)  Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (a)  3,815,547 (b)  $ 209.53 (c)  1,724,352  Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders (d)  -  -  -  Total  3,815,547 (b)  $ 209.53 (c)  1,724,352   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- a) The Company's equity compensation plans are described more fully in Note 11 to the  December 31, 2022 financial statements. All plans have been approved by the Company's shareholders.
- b) Includes  (i)  stock  options  to  purchase  3,307,964  common  shares,  including  performance-based  stock options  as  to  which  the  performance  period  had  not  ended  or  the  Compensation  Committee  had  not certified  performance  as  of  December  31,  2022,  which  stock  options  are  reflected  in  the  table  above assuming a maximum payout, (ii) 498,032 restricted share units, including performance-based restricted share units as to which the performance period had not ended as of December 31, 2022, which restricted share  units  are  reflected  in  the  table  above  assuming  a  maximum  payout,  and  (iii)  9,551  fully  vested deferred share units. All restricted share units, if and when vested, and all deferred share units will be settled in common shares on a one-for-one basis.
- c) Represents the weighted average exercise price of stock options to purchase 1,854,041 common shares, excluding the performance-based stock options described in footnote (b), above. The 498,032 restricted share units would vest for no consideration.
- d) There were no securities outstanding or available for future issuance under equity compensation plans not approved by the Company's shareholders.

Other  information  required  by  this  item  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  the  material  appearing  in  the Company's Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act.

## ITEM 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Trustee Independence

The  information  required  by  this  item  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  the  material  appearing  in  the Company's Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act.

## ITEM 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The  information  required  by  this  item  is  hereby  incorporated  by  reference  to  the  material  appearing  in  the Company's Notice and Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act of 1934.

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules

## a. 1. Financial Statements

The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules hereof are filed as part of this report.

## 2. Financial Statement Schedules

The financial statements schedules listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules are filed as part of this report.

3. Exhibits

See Index to Exhibits contained herein.

- b. Exhibits:

See Index to Exhibits contained herein.

- c. Financial Statement Schedules

Not applicable.

## PUBLIC STORAGE INDEX TO EXHIBITS (1)

(Items 15(a)(3) and 15(c))

| 3.1  Restated Declaration of Trust of Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust. Filed herewith.  3.2  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Public Storage. Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on  Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.3  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.150% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series F. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 23, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.4  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.050% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series G. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated July 31, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.5  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 5.600% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series H. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated February 28, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.6  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.875% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series I. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.7  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.700% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series J. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 5, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.8  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.750% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series K. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  December  11,  2019  and  incorporated  herein  by  reference.  3.9  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.625% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series L. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 8, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.10  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.125 % Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series M. Filed as Exhibit  3.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  August  11,  2020  and  incorporated  herein  by  reference.  3.11  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 3.875% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series N. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  September  29,  2020  and  incorporated  herein  by  reference.  3.12  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 3.900% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series O. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.13  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.000% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series P. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated June 7, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.14  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 3.950% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series Q. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.15  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.000% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series R. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.  3.16  Articles Supplementary for Public Storage 4.100% Cumulative Preferred Shares, Series S. Filed as Exhibit 3.1  to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 4, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference.  4.1  Description of the Company's Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of  1934. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,  2021 and incorporated herein by reference.  4.2  Master Deposit Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2007. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report  on Form 8-K dated June 6, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference.  4.3  Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  18,  2017,  between  Public  Storage  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank,  National  Association, as trustee. Filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated September  18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 4.4 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 18, 2017, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2022 Notes and the form of Global Note representing the 2027 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8K dated September 18, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.5 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 12, 2019, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National  Association,  as  trustee,  including  the  form  of  Global  Note  representing  the  2029  Notes.  Filed  as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 12, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.6 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 24, 2020, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National  Association,  as  trustee,  including  the  form  of  Global  Note  representing  the  2032  Notes.  Filed  as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 24, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.7 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 19, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National  Association,  as  trustee,  including  the  form  of  Global  Note  representing  the  2026  Notes.  Filed  as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated January 14, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.8 Fifth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of  April  23,  2021,  between  Public  Storage  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the Floating Rate Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.9 Sixth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of  April  23,  2021,  between  Public  Storage  and  Wells  Fargo  Bank, National  Association,  as  trustee,  including  the  form  of  Global  Note  representing  the  2028  Notes.  Filed  as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.10 Seventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 23, 2021, between Public Storage and Wells Fargo Bank, National  Association,  as  trustee,  including  the  form  of  Global  Note  representing  the  2031  Notes.  Filed  as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 23, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.11 Eighth  Supplemental  Indenture,  dated  as  of  September  9,  2021,  between  Public  Storage  and  Wells  Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2030 Notes. Filed as  Exhibit  4.2  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  September  9,  2021  and  incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.12 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2026 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.13 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2028 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 4.14 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 9, 2021, between Public Storage and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association), as trustee, including the form of Global Note representing the 2031 Notes. Filed as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8K dated November 9, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2015, by and among Public Storage and the signatories thereto. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated November 3, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.2 Note  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  as  of  April  12,  2016,  by  and  among  Public  Storage  and  the  signatories thereto.  Filed  as  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  April  12,  2016  and incorporated herein by reference.

- 10.3 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated April 19, 2019, by and among Public Storage, the lenders party thereto, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, Wells Fargo Securities LLC  and  Merrill  Lynch,  Pierce,  Fenner  &amp;  Smith  Incorporation,  as  joint  lead  arrangers  and  as  joint bookrunners, Bank of America, N.A., as syndication agent, and Citibank, N.A., as documentation agent. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K dated April 19, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.4 Form of Trustee and Officer Indemnification Agreement.  Filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.5* Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as Amended (2007 Plan). Filed  as  Exhibit  10.1  to  the  Company's  Current  Report  on  Form  8-K  dated  May  1,  2014  and  incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.6* Public Storage 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan (2016 Plan). Filed herewith.
- 10.7* Public Storage 2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan (2021 Plan). Filed herewith.
- 10.8* Form of 2007 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.9* Form of 2007 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (deferral of receipt of shares). Filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.10* Form of 2007 Plan Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.11* Form of 2007 Plan Trustee Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.12* Form of 2016 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (deferral of receipt of shares). Filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.13* Form of 2016 Plan Trustee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.14* Form of 2016 Plan Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (deferral of receipt of shares) (2018). Filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.15* Form of 2016 Plan Trustee Deferred Stock Unit Agreement (2018). Filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.16* Form  of  2016  Plan  Executive  Restricted  Stock  Unit  Agreement  (2018).  Filed  as  Exhibit  10.30  to  the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.17* Form of 2016 Employee Stock Unit Agreement (2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.18* Form of 2016 Plan Employee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.19* Form of 2016 Plan Performance-Based Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2020). Filed as Exhibit 10.5 to  the  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.20* Form of 2021 Plan Employee Stock Unit Agreement (2021). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference.
- 10.21* Form of 2021 Plan Employee Stock Unit Agreement (2022). Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference.

| - 10.22* Form of 2021 Plan Trustee Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement. Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference.  - 10.23* Form of 2021 Plan Performance-Based Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement (2022). Filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference.  - 10.24* Form of 2021 Plan Performance-Based Stock Unit Agreement (2022). Filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference.  - 21 Listing of Subsidiaries. Filed herewith.  - 23.1 Consent of Ernst &amp; Young LLP. Filed herewith.  - 31.1 Rule 13a - 14(a) Certification. Filed herewith.  - 31.2 Rule 13a - 14(a) Certification. Filed herewith.  - 32 Section 1350 Certifications. Filed herewith.  - 101 .INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document)  - 101 .SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. Filed herewith.  - 101 .CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. Filed herewith.  - 101 .DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. Filed herewith.  - 101 .LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. Filed herewith.  - 101 .PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link. Filed herewith.  - 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)  - \_ (1) SEC File No. 001-33519 unless otherwise indicated.  * Denotes management compensatory plan agreement or arrangement.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

## PUBLIC STORAGE

| Date: February 21, 2023  By:  /s/ Joseph D. Russell, Jr.  Joseph D. Russell, Jr.,  Chief Executive Officer, President and Trustee   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| /s/ Joseph D. Russell, Jr.  Chief Executive Officer, President and  Trustee (principal executive officer)  February 21, 2023  Joseph D. Russell, Jr.  /s/ H. Thomas Boyle  Chief Financial Officer and Chief  Investment Officer (principal financial  officer)  February 21, 2023  H. Thomas Boyle  /s/ Ronald L. Havner, Jr.  Chairman of the Board  February 21, 2023  Ronald L. Havner, Jr.  /s/ Tamara Hughes Gustavson  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Tamara Hughes Gustavson  /s/ Leslie Stone Heisz  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Leslie Stone Heisz  /s/ Michelle Millstone-Shroff  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Michelle Millstone-Shroff  /s/ Shankh S. Mitra  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Shankh S. Mitra  /s/ David J. Neithercut  Trustee  February 21, 2023  David J. Neithercut  /s/ Rebecca Owen  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Rebecca Owen  /s/ Kristy M. Pipes  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Kristy M. Pipes  /s/ Avedick B. Poladian  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Avedick B. Poladian  Signature  Title  Date   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| /s/ John Reyes  Trustee  February 21, 2023  John Reyes  /s/ Tariq M. Shaukat  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Tariq M. Shaukat  /s/ Ronald P. Spogli  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Ronald P. Spogli  /s/ Paul S. Williams  Trustee  February 21, 2023  Paul S. Williams  Signature  Title  Date   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES

## (Item 15 (a))

| Page References  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  Auditor name: Ernst &amp; Young LLP; Firm ID: (42); Auditor location: Los Angeles, California  F-1 - F-2  Consolidated Balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021  F-3  For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020:  Consolidated Statements of income  F-4  Consolidated Statements of comprehensive income  F-5  Consolidated Statements of equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests  F-6 - F-7  Consolidated Statements of cash flows  F-8 - F-9  Notes to consolidated financial statements  F-10 - F-31  Schedule:  III - Real estate and accumulated depreciation  F-32 - F-34   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not present or not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

## To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Public Storage

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Public Storage (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and redeemable noncontrolling interests and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 21, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matter

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Description of the Matter

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 1980.

Los Angeles, California February 21, 2023

## Purchase Price Allocation

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of 74 self-storage facilities for a total purchase price of $730.5 million. As further discussed in Notes 2 and 3 of the consolidated financial statements, the transactions were accounted for as asset acquisitions, and the purchase price was allocated based on a relative fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, which consisted principally of land and buildings.

Auditing the accounting for the Company's 2022 acquisitions of self-storage facilities was subjective because the Company, with the assistance of its external valuation specialist, must exercise a high level of management judgment in determining the estimated fair value of acquired land and buildings. Determining the fair value of acquired land was difficult due to the lack of available directly comparable land market information.  The estimated fair value of the acquired buildings was based upon (i) the income approach, which included estimating the fair value of hypothetical vacant acquired buildings and adjusting for the estimated fair value of land or (ii) estimated replacement costs, which were calculated by estimating the cost of building similar facilities in comparable markets and adjusting those costs for the age, quality, and configuration associated with the acquired facilities. Determining the fair value of the acquired buildings was challenging due to the judgment utilized by management in determining the assumptions utilized in, or the adjustments applied to, the valuation of each building.

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over management's accounting for acquired self-storage facilities, including controls over the review of assumptions underlying the purchase price allocation and accuracy of the underlying data used.  For example, we tested controls over the determination of the fair value of the land and building assets, including the controls over the review of the valuation models and the underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates.

For the 2022 acquisitions of self-storage facilities described above, our procedures included, but were not limited to, evaluating the sensitivity of changes in significant assumptions on the purchase price allocation.  We performed a sensitivity analysis to evaluate the impact on the Company's financial statements resulting from changes in allocated land and building values. For certain of these asset acquisitions, we also read the purchase agreements, evaluated whether the Company had appropriately determined whether the transaction was a business combination or asset acquisition, evaluated the methods and significant assumptions used by the Company, and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data supporting the significant assumptions and estimates. Additionally, for certain of these asset acquisitions, we involved our valuation specialists to assist in the assessment of the methodology utilized by the Company, in addition to performing corroborative analyses to assess whether the conclusions in the valuation were supported by observable market data. For example, our valuation specialists used independently identified data sources to evaluate management's selected comparable land sales, income approach assumptions, and replacement cost assumptions.

## PUBLIC STORAGE CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Amounts in thousands, except share data)

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  ASSETS  Cash and equivalents  $  775,253  $  734,599  Real estate facilities, at cost:  Land  5,273,073  5,134,060  Buildings  18,946,053  17,673,773  24,219,126  22,807,833  Accumulated depreciation  (8,554,155)  (7,773,308)  15,664,971  15,034,525  Construction in process  372,992  272,471  16,037,963  15,306,996  Investments in unconsolidated real estate entities  275,752  828,763  Goodwill and other intangible assets, net  232,517  302,894  Other assets  230,822  207,656  Total assets  $  17,552,307  $  17,380,908  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  Notes payable  $  6,870,826  $  7,475,279  Accrued and other liabilities  514,680  482,091  Total liabilities  7,385,506  7,957,370  Commitments and contingencies (Note 14)  Redeemable noncontrolling interests  -  68,249  Equity:  Public Storage shareholders' equity:  Preferred Shares, $0.01 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 174,000 shares issued  (in series) and outstanding, (164,000 at December 31, 2021) at liquidation  preference  4,350,000  4,100,000  Common Shares, $0.10 par value, 650,000,000 shares authorized, 175,265,668 shares  issued and outstanding (175,134,455 shares at December 31, 2021)  17,527  17,513  Paid-in capital  5,896,423  5,821,667  Accumulated deficit  (110,231)  (550,416)  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (80,317)  (53,587)  Total Public Storage shareholders' equity  10,073,402  9,335,177  Noncontrolling interests  93,399  20,112  Total equity  10,166,801  9,355,289  Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity  $  17,552,307  $  17,380,908   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues:  Self-storage facilities  $  3,946,028  $  3,203,566  2,721,630  Ancillary operations  236,135  212,258  193,438  4,182,163  3,415,824  2,915,068  Expenses:  Self-storage cost of operations  980,209  852,030  807,543  Ancillary cost of operations  72,698  68,568  59,919  Depreciation and amortization  888,146  713,428  553,257  General and administrative  114,742  101,254  83,199  Interest expense  136,319  90,774  56,283  2,192,114  1,826,054  1,560,201  Other increases (decreases) to net income:  Interest and other income  40,567  12,306  22,323  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities  106,981  232,093  80,497  Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)  98,314  111,787  (97,953)  Gain on sale of real estate  1,503  13,683  1,493  Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc.  2,128,860  -  -  Net income  4,366,274  1,959,639  1,361,227  Allocation to noncontrolling interests  (17,127)  (6,376)  (4,014)  Net income allocable to Public Storage shareholders  4,349,147  1,953,263  1,357,213  Allocation of net income to:  Preferred shareholders  (194,390)  (186,579)  (207,068)  Preferred shareholders - redemptions (Note 9)  -  (28,914)  (48,265)  Restricted share units  (12,469)  (5,326)  (3,545)  Net income allocable to common shareholders  $  4,142,288  $  1,732,444  $  1,098,335  Net income per common share:  Basic  $  23.64  $  9.91  $  6.29  Diluted  $  23.50  $  9.87  $  6.29  Basic weighted average common shares outstanding  175,257  174,858  174,494  Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding  176,280  175,568  174,642   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

## (Amounts in thousands)

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income  $  4,366,274  $  1,959,639  $  1,361,227  Foreign currency exchange (loss) gain on investment in Shurgard  (26,730)  (10,186)  21,489  Total comprehensive income  4,339,544  1,949,453  1,382,716  Allocation to noncontrolling interests  (17,127)  (6,376)  (4,014)  Comprehensive income allocable to Public Storage shareholders  $  4,322,417  $  1,943,077  $  1,378,702   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| Balances at December 31, 2019  $  4,065,000  $  17,442  $  5,710,934  $  (665,575)  $  (64,890)  $  9,062,911  $  16,756  $  9,079,667  $  -  Issuance of 49,900 preferred shares (Note 9)  1,247,500  -  (39,294)  -  -  1,208,206  -  1,208,206  -  Redemption and shares called for redemption of  60,800 preferred shares (Note 9)  (1,520,000)  -  -  -  -  (1,520,000)  -  (1,520,000)  -  Issuance of common shares in connection with  share-based compensation (163,127 shares)  (Note 11)  -  16  12,648  -  -  12,664  -  12,664  -  Share-based compensation expense, net of cash  paid in lieu of common shares (Note 11)  -  -  22,845  -  -  22,845  -  22,845  -  Acquisition of noncontrolling interests  -  -  (32)  -  -  (32)  (1)  (33)  -  Contributions by noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,629  2,629  -  Net income  -  -  -  1,361,227  -  1,361,227  -  1,361,227  -  Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  (4,014)  -  (4,014)  4,014  -  -  Distributions to:  -  Preferred shareholders (Note 9)  -  -  -  (207,068)  -  (207,068)  -  (207,068)  -  Noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  (5,366)  (5,366)  -  Common shareholders and restricted share  unitholders ($8.00 per share)  -  -  -  (1,399,361)  -  (1,399,361)  -  (1,399,361)  -  Other comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  21,489  21,489  -  21,489  -  Balances at December 31, 2020  $  3,792,500  $  17,458  $  5,707,101  $  (914,791)  $  (43,401)  $  8,558,867  $  18,032  $  8,576,899  $  -  Issuance of 47,300 preferred shares (Note 9)  1,182,500  -  (35,045)  -  -  1,147,455  -  1,147,455  -  Redemption of 35,000 preferred shares (Note 9)  (875,000)  -  -  -  -  (875,000)  -  (875,000)  -  Issuance of common shares in connection with  share-based compensation (552,713 shares)  (Note 11)  -  55  95,805  -  -  95,860  -  95,860  -  Share-based compensation expense, net of cash  paid in lieu of common shares (Note 11)  -  -  54,492  -  -  54,492  -  54,492  -  Acquisition of noncontrolling interests  -  -  (686)  -  -  (686)  (6)  (692)  -  Contributions by noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,451  2,451  68,170  Net income  -  -  -  1,959,639  -  1,959,639  -  1,959,639  -  Cumulative  Preferred Shares  Common Shares  Paid-in Capital  Accumulated  Deficit  Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Loss  Total  Public Storage  Shareholders'  Equity  Noncontrolling  Interests  Total Equity  Redeemable  Noncontrolling  Interests   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts)

| Cumulative  Preferred Shares  Common Shares  Paid-in Capital  Accumulated  Deficit  Accumulated  Other  Comprehensive  Loss  Total  Public Storage  Shareholders'  Equity  Noncontrolling  Interests  Total Equity  Redeemable  Noncontrolling  Interests  Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  (6,376)  -  (6,376)  5,906  (470)  470  Distributions to:  Preferred shareholders (Note 9)  -  -  -  (186,579)  -  (186,579)  -  (186,579)  -  Noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  (6,271)  (6,271)  (391)  Common shareholders and restricted share  unitholders ($8.00 per share)  -  -  -  (1,402,309)  -  (1,402,309)  -  (1,402,309)  -  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  (10,186)  (10,186)  -  (10,186)  -  Balances at December 31, 2021  $  4,100,000  $  17,513  $  5,821,667  $  (550,416)  $  (53,587)  $  9,335,177  $  20,112  $  9,355,289  $  68,249  Issuance of 10,000 preferred shares (Note 9)  250,000  -  (7,168)  -  -  242,832  -  242,832  -  Issuance of common shares in connection with  share-based compensation (283,190 shares)  (Note 11)  -  29  35,376  -  -  35,405  -  35,405  -  Retirement of common shares (151,977 shares)  -  (15)  15  -  -  -  -  -  -  Taxes paid upon net share settlement of  restricted share units  -  -  (16,827)  -  -  (16,827)  -  (16,827)  -  Share-based compensation expense (Note 11)  -  -  63,360  -  -  63,360  -  63,360  -  Contributions by noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  6,708  6,708  15,426  Reclassification from redeemable  noncontrolling interests to noncontrolling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  83,826  83,826  (83,826)  Net income  -  -  -  4,366,274  -  4,366,274  -  4,366,274  -  Net income allocated to noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  (17,127)  -  (17,127)  16,467  (660)  660  Distributions to:  Preferred shareholders (Note 9)  -  -  -  (194,390)  -  (194,390)  -  (194,390)  -  Noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  (33,714)  (33,714)  (509)  Common shareholders and restricted share  unitholders ($21.15 per share)  -  -  -  (3,714,572)  -  (3,714,572)  -  (3,714,572)  -  Other comprehensive loss  -  -  -  -  (26,730)  (26,730)  -  (26,730)  -  Balances at December 31, 2022  $  4,350,000  $  17,527  $  5,896,423  $  (110,231)  $  (80,317)  $  10,073,402  $  93,399  $  10,166,801  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

## (Amounts in thousands)

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cash flows from operating activities:  Net income  $  4,366,274  $  1,959,639  $  1,361,227  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flows from operating  activities:  Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc.  (2,128,860)  -  -  Gain on sale of real estate  (1,503)  (13,683)  (1,493)  Depreciation and amortization  888,146  713,428  553,257  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities  (106,981)  (232,093)  (80,497)  Distributions from cumulative equity in earnings of unconsolidated real  estate entities  134,769  150,488  72,098  Unrealized foreign currency exchange (gain) loss  (97,563)  (111,787)  97,953  Share-based compensation expense  56,703  59,815  33,363  Other  6,156  17,748  6,994  Total adjustments  (1,249,133)  583,916  681,675  Net cash flows from operating activities  3,117,141  2,543,555  2,042,902  Cash flows from investing activities:  Capital expenditures to maintain real estate facilities  (459,773)  (270,238)  (169,998)  Development and expansion of real estate facilities  (313,511)  (281,981)  (189,413)  Acquisition of real estate facilities and intangible assets  (757,944)  (5,047,106)  (792,266)  Distributions in excess of cumulative equity in earnings from  unconsolidated real estate entities  13,670  19,518  24,658  Repayment of note receivable  -  -  7,509  Proceeds from sale of real estate investments  1,543  16,296  1,796  Proceeds from sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc.  2,636,011  -  -  Net cash flows from (used in) investing activities  1,119,996  (5,563,511)  (1,117,714)  Cash flows from financing activities:  Repayments on notes payable  (513,495)  (2,218)  (2,020)  Issuance of notes payable, net of issuance costs  -  5,038,904  545,151  Issuance of preferred shares  242,832  1,147,455  1,208,206  Issuance of common shares in connection with share-based compensation  35,271  95,860  12,664  Redemption of preferred shares  -  (1,175,000)  (1,220,000)  Taxes paid upon net share settlement of restricted share units  (16,827)  (13,069)  (10,518)  Acquisition of noncontrolling interests  -  (692)  (33)  Contributions by noncontrolling interests  1,669  2,451  2,629  Distributions paid to preferred shareholders, common shareholders and  restricted share unitholders  (3,908,497)  (1,588,888)  (1,606,429)  Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests  (34,223)  (6,662)  (5,366)  Net cash flows (used in) from financing activities  (4,193,270)  3,498,141  (1,075,716)  Net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities  43,867  478,185  (150,528)  Net effect of foreign exchange impact on cash and equivalents, including  restricted cash  -  505  (426)  Increase (decrease) in cash and equivalents, including restricted cash  $  43,867  $  478,690  $  (150,954)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

## (Amounts in thousands)

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cash and equivalents, including restricted cash at beginning of the period:  Cash and equivalents  $  734,599  $  257,560  $  409,743  Restricted cash included in other assets  26,691  25,040  23,811  $  761,290  $  282,600  $  433,554  Cash and equivalents, including restricted cash at end of the period:  Cash and equivalents  $  775,253  $  734,599  $  257,560  Restricted cash included in other assets  29,904  26,691  25,040  $  805,157  $  761,290  $  282,600  Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities:  Costs incurred during the period remaining unpaid at period end for:  Capital expenditures to maintain real estate facilities  $  (15,260)  $  (23,398)  $  (10,359)  Construction or expansion of real estate facilities  (65,650)  (50,051)  (32,349)  Real estate acquired in exchange for noncontrolling interests  (19,865)  (68,170)  -  Real estate acquired in exchange for consideration payable  -  -  (3,799)  Preferred shares called for redemption and reclassified to liabilities  -  -  300,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## 1. Description of the Business

Public Storage (referred to herein as 'the Company,' 'we,' 'us,' or 'our'), a Maryland real estate investment trust  that  has  elected  to  be  taxed  as  a  real  estate  investment  trust  ('REIT'),  was  organized  in  1980.  Our  principal business  activities  include  the  ownership  and  operation  of  self-storage  facilities  that  offer  storage  spaces  for  lease, generally  on  a  month-to-month basis,  for  personal  and  business  use,  ancillary  activities  such  as  tenant  reinsurance, merchandise sales, and third party management, as well as the acquisition and development of additional self-storage space.

At  December  31,  2022,  we  had  direct  and  indirect  equity  interests  in  2,869  self-storage  facilities  (with approximately 204.2 million net rentable square feet) located in 40 states in the United States ('U.S.') operating under the Public Storage® name, and 1.2 million net rentable square feet of commercial and retail space.

At  December  31,  2022,  we  owned  a  35%  common  equity  interest  in  Shurgard  Self  Storage  Limited ('Shurgard'), a public company traded on the Euronext Brussels under the 'SHUR' symbol, which owned 266 selfstorage  facilities  (with  approximately  15  million  net  rentable  square  feet)  located  in  seven  Western  European countries, all operating under the Shurgard® name.

On July  20,  2022,  in  connection  with  the  closing  of  the  merger  of  PS  Business  Parks,  Inc.  ('PSB')  with affiliates of Blackstone Real Estate ('Blackstone'), we completed the sale of our 41% common equity interest in PSB in its entirety. Prior to the merger transaction, PSB was a REIT traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the 'PSB' symbol, which owned commercial properties, primarily multi-tenant industrial, flex, and office space. Refer to Note 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities for transaction information and our accounting treatment of the sale.

## 2. Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements are presented on an accrual basis in accordance with U.S. generally accepted  accounting  principles  ('GAAP')  as  set  forth  in  the  Accounting  Standards  Codification  of  the  Financial Accounting  Standards  Board  ('FASB'),  and  in  conformity  with  the  rules  and  regulations  of  the  Securities  and Exchange Commission ('SEC').

Disclosures  of  the  number  and  square  footage  of  facilities,  as  well  as  the  number  and  coverage  of  tenant reinsurance policies (Note 14) are unaudited and outside the scope of our independent registered public accounting firm's audit of our financial statements in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (U.S.).

## Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

## Consolidation and Equity Method of Accounting

We consider entities to be Variable Interest Entities ('VIEs') when they have insufficient equity to finance their activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by other parties, or the equity holders as a group do not have a controlling financial interest. In addition, we have general partner interests in limited partnerships along  with  third-party  investors  to  develop,  construct  or  operate  self-storage  facilities.  As  the  general  partner,  we consider  the  limited  partnerships  to  be  VIEs  if  the  limited  partners  lack  both  substantive  participating  rights  and substantive kick-out rights. We consolidate VIEs when we have (i) the power to direct the activities most significantly impacting economic performance, and (ii) either the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits from the VIE. The total assets, primarily real estate assets, and the total liabilities of our consolidated VIEs are not material as of December 31, 2022. We consolidate all other entities when we control them through voting shares or contractual rights.  We  refer  to  the  entities  we  consolidate,  for  the  period  in  which  the  reference  applies,  collectively  as  the 'Subsidiaries,' and we eliminate intercompany transactions and balances.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

We account for our investments in entities that we do not consolidate but over which we have significant influence  using  the  equity  method  of  accounting.  We  refer  to  these  entities,  for  the  periods  in  which  the  reference applies, collectively as the 'Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities,' and we eliminate intra-entity profits and losses and amortize any differences between the cost of our investment and the underlying equity in net assets against equity in earnings as if the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entity were a consolidated subsidiary.

Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities presented on our income statements represents our pro-rata  share  of  the  earnings  of  the  Unconsolidated  Real  Estate  Entities.  The  dividends  we  receive  from  the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities are reflected on our consolidated statements of cash flows as 'distributions from cumulative equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities' to the extent of our cumulative equity in earnings, with any excess classified as 'distributions in excess of cumulative equity in earnings from unconsolidated real estate entities.'

## Use of Estimates

The  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  and  accompanying  notes  in  conformity  with  GAAP requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions.

## Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash

Cash equivalents represent highly liquid financial instruments that mature within three months of acquisition such as money market funds with a rating of at least AAA by Standard &amp; Poor's, commercial paper that is rated A1 by Standard &amp; Poor's or deposits with highly rated commercial banks. Restricted cash, which represent amounts used to collateralize our insurance obligations and are restricted from general corporate use, are included in other assets.

## Fair Value

As used herein, the term 'fair value' is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. In the absence of active markets for identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the balance sheet date.

Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value are measured and classified in accordance with a three-tier fair value hierarchy based on the observability of the inputs available in the market used to measure fair value:

Level 1 Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date.

Level 2 Significant observable inputs other than Level 1, that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly through corroboration with observable market data.

Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market data for the related assets or liabilities.

The categorization of a financial instrument within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

Our financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, other assets, other liabilities, and notes payable. Cash equivalents, restricted cash, other assets and other liabilities are stated at book value, which approximates fair value as of the balance sheet date due to the short time period to maturity.

We estimate and disclose the fair value of our notes payable using Level 2 inputs by discounting the related future cash flows at a rate based upon quoted interest rates for securities that have similar characteristics such as credit quality and time to maturity.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

We use significant judgment to estimate fair values of real estate facilities,  goodwill,  and  other  intangible assets  for  the  purposes  of  purchase  price  allocation  or  impairment  analysis.  In  estimating  their  values,  we  consider Level  3  inputs  such  as  market  prices  of  land,  market  capitalization  rates,  expected  returns,  earnings  multiples, projected levels of earnings, costs of construction, and functional depreciation.

## Real Estate Facilities

We record real estate facilities at cost. We capitalize all costs incurred to acquire, develop, construct, renovate and improve facilities as part of major repair and maintenance programs, including interest and property taxes incurred during the construction period. We expense the costs of demolition of existing facilities associated with a renovation as incurred. We allocate the net acquisition cost of acquired real estate facilities to the underlying land, buildings, and identified intangible assets based upon their respective individual estimated fair values.

We expense costs associated with dispositions of real estate, as well as routine repairs and maintenance costs, as  incurred.  We  depreciate  buildings  and  improvements on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives ranging generally between 5 to 25 years.

When we sell a full or partial interest in a real estate facility without retaining a controlling interest following sale, we recognize a gain or loss on sale as if 100% of the property was sold at fair value. If we retain a controlling interest  following  the  sale,  we  record  a  noncontrolling  interest  for  the  book  value  of  the  partial  interest  sold,  and recognize additional paid-in capital for the difference between the consideration received and the partial interest at book value.

## Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consist of goodwill, the Shurgard® trade name, which Shurgard uses pursuant to a fee-based licensing agreement, and finite-lived assets. Goodwill and the Shurgard® trade name have indefinite lives and are not amortized. Our finite-lived assets consist primarily of (i) acquired customers in place amortized relative to the benefit of the customers in place, with such amortization reflected as depreciation and amortization expense on our income statement and (ii) property tax abatements acquired and amortized relative to the reduction in property tax paid, with such amortization reflected as self-storage cost of operations on our income statement.

## Evaluation of Asset Impairment

We  evaluate  our  real  estate  and  finite-lived  intangible  assets  for  impairment  each  quarter.  If  there  are indicators of impairment and we determine that the asset is not recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows to be received through the asset's remaining life (or, if earlier, the expected disposal date), we record an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the asset's estimated fair value or net proceeds from expected disposal.

We evaluate our investments in unconsolidated real estate entities for impairment quarterly. We record an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount exceeds estimated fair value, when we believe any such shortfall is other than temporary.

We  evaluate  goodwill  for  impairment  annually  and  whenever  relevant  events,  circumstances,  and  other related factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the related reporting unit is less than the carrying amount. When we conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the aggregate carrying amount, no impairment charge is recorded and no further analysis is performed. Otherwise, we record an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeds the amount that would be allocated to goodwill if the reporting unit were acquired for estimated fair value.

We evaluate other indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as the Shurgard® trade name for impairment at least annually and whenever relevant events, circumstances and other related factors indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. When we conclude that it is not more likely than not that the asset is impaired, we do not record an impairment charge and no further analysis is performed. Otherwise, we record an impairment charge to the extent the carrying amount exceeds the asset's estimated fair value.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

No impairments were recorded in any of our evaluations for any period presented herein.

## Revenue and Expense Recognition

We recognize revenues from self-storage facilities, which primarily comprise rental income earned pursuant to month-to-month leases, as well as associated late charges and administrative fees, as earned. Promotional discounts reduce rental  income over the promotional period, which is generally one month. We recognize ancillary revenues when earned.

We accrue for property tax expense based upon actual amounts billed and, in some circumstances, estimates when bills  or  assessments  have  not  been  received  from  the  taxing  authorities.  If  these  estimates  are  incorrect,  the timing and amount of expense recognition could be incorrect. We expense cost of operations (including advertising expenditures), general and administrative expense, and interest expense as incurred.

## Foreign Currency Exchange Translation

The local currency (primarily the Euro) is the functional currency for our interests in foreign operations. The related  balance  sheet  amounts  are  translated  into  U.S.  Dollars  at  the  exchange  rates  at  the  respective  financial statement date, while amounts on our consolidated statements of income are translated at the average exchange rates during the respective period. Cumulative translation adjustments, to the extent not included in cumulative net income, are included in equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).

When financial instruments denominated in a currency other than the U.S. Dollar are expected to be settled in cash in the foreseeable future, the impact of changes in the U.S. Dollar equivalent are reflected in current earnings.

At  December  31,  2022,  due  primarily  to  our  investment  in  Shurgard  (Note  4)  and  our  notes  payable denominated in Euros (Note 7), our operating results and financial position are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates between the Euro, and to a lesser extent, other European currencies, against the U.S. Dollar. The Euro was  translated  at  exchange  rates  of  approximately  1.070  U.S.  Dollars  per  Euro  at  December  31,  2022  (1.134  at December 31, 2021), and average exchange rates of 1.054, 1.183 and 1.141 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

## Income Taxes

We have elected to be treated as a REIT, as defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 'Code'). For each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we will not be subject to U.S. federal corporate  income  tax  on  our  'REIT  taxable  income'  (generally,  taxable  income  subject  to  specified  adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. We believe we have met these REIT requirements for all periods presented herein. Accordingly, we have recorded no U.S. federal corporate income tax expense related to our REIT taxable income.

Our tenant reinsurance, merchandise, and third party management operations are subject to corporate income tax  and  such  taxes  are  included  in  general  and  administrative  expenses.  We  also  incur  income  and  other  taxes  in certain states, which are included in general and administrative expense.

We recognize tax benefits of uncertain income tax positions that are subject to audit only if we believe it is more likely than not that the position would ultimately be sustained assuming the relevant taxing authorities had full knowledge of the relevant facts and circumstances of our positions. As of December 31, 2022, we had no tax benefits that were not recognized.

## Share-Based Compensation

We generally estimate the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant. We determine the fair  value  of  restricted  share  units  ('RSUs')  with  no  market  conditions  based  on  the  closing  market  price  of  the Company's common shares on the date of grant. We value stock options with no market conditions at the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. We value stock options and RSUs with market conditions at the grant

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

date using a Monte-Carlo valuation simulation. Our determination of the fair value of share-based payment awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model or Monte-Carlo valuation simulation is affected by our stock price as well  as  assumptions  regarding  a  number  of  subjective  and  complex  variables.  These  variables  include,  but  are  not limited to, our expected stock price volatility over the expected term of the awards. For stock options, variables also include  actual  and  projected  stock  option  exercise  behaviors.  For  restricted  share  units  and  stock  options  with performance conditions, we adjust compensation cost each quarter as needed for any changes in the assessment of the probability that the specified performance criteria will be achieved.

We amortize  the  grant-date  fair  value  of  awards  as  compensation  expense  over  the  service  period,  which begins on the grant date and ends on the expected vesting date. For awards that are earned solely upon the passage of time and continued service, the entire cost of the award is amortized on a straight-line basis over the service period. For awards with market and/or performance conditions, the individual cost of each vesting is amortized separately over each  individual  service  period  (the  'accelerated  attribution'  method).  For  awards  with  performance  conditions,  the estimated  number  of  stock  awards  that  will  ultimately  vest  requires  judgment,  and  to  the  extent  actual  results  or updated estimates differ from our current estimates, such amounts will be recorded as a cumulative adjustment in the period estimates are revised.  In amortizing share-based compensation expense, we do not estimate future forfeitures. Instead, we reverse previously amortized share-based compensation expense with respect to grants that are forfeited in the period the employee terminates employment.

In July 2020, we modified our share-based compensation plans to allow immediate vesting upon retirement ('Retirement Acceleration'), and to extend the exercisability of outstanding stock options up to a year after retirement, for currently outstanding and future grants. Prior to the modification, unvested awards were forfeited, and outstanding vested stock options were cancelled, upon retirement. Employees are eligible for Retirement Acceleration if they meet certain conditions including length of service, age, notice of intent to retire, and facilitation of succession for their role. This modification results in accelerating amortization of compensation expense for each grant by changing the end of the  service  period  from  the  original  vesting  date  to  the  date  an  employee  is  expected  to  be  eligible  for  Retirement Acceleration, if earlier.

## 3. Real Estate Facilities

Activity in real estate facilities during 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows:

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in thousands)  Operating facilities, at cost:  Beginning balance  $  22,807,833  $  17,372,627  $  16,289,146  Capital expenditures to maintain real estate facilities  452,316  284,200  163,834  Acquisitions  733,442  4,940,413  781,219  Dispositions  (1,704)  (7,408)  (303)  Developed or expanded facilities opened for operation  227,239  218,001  138,731  Ending balance  24,219,126  22,807,833  17,372,627  Accumulated depreciation:  Beginning balance  (7,773,308)  (7,152,135)  (6,623,475)  Depreciation expense  (781,931)  (625,968)  (528,660)  Dispositions  1,084  4,795  -  Ending balance  (8,554,155)  (7,773,308)  (7,152,135)  Construction in process:  Beginning balance  272,471  188,079  141,934  Costs incurred to develop and expand real estate facilities  336,948  302,393  188,102  Write-off of cancelled projects and transfer to other assets  (9,188)  -  (3,226)  Developed or expanded facilities opened for operation  (227,239)  (218,001)  (138,731)  Ending balance  372,992  272,471  188,079  Total real estate facilities at December 31,  $  16,037,963  $  15,306,996  $  10,408,571   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During 2022, we acquired 74 self-storage facilities (4.7 million net rentable square feet of storage space), for a total cost of $730.5 million, consisting of $710.6 million in cash and $19.9 million in partnership units in one of our subsidiaries.  Approximately  $24.1  million  of  the  total  cost  was  allocated  to  intangible  assets.  We  completed development and redevelopment activities costing $227.2 million during 2022, adding 1.4 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. Construction in process at December 31, 2022 consisted of projects to develop new selfstorage facilities and expand existing self-storage facilities. During 2022, we wrote off $7.0 million of accumulated development costs for cancelled development and redevelopment projects in construction in process as general and administrative expense. We also transferred $2.2 million of land cost related to a cancelled development project to other assets at December 31, 2022.

Additionally, on July 8, 2022, we acquired from PSB the commercial interests in five properties at three sites jointly  occupied  with  certain  of  our  self-storage  facilities  located  in  Maryland  and  Virginia,  for  $47.3  million.  We recognized $27.0 million of real estate assets and $0.7 million of intangibles for the properties acquired, representing the cost of these commercial properties that we did not have interest in through our equity investment in PSB. We recognized the remaining $19.6 million as an increase to our basis in our equity investment in PSB, which represents the elimination of our portion of the gain recorded by PSB.

During 2022, we sold portions of real estate facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings for $1.5 million in cash proceeds and recorded a related gain on sale of real estate of approximately $1.5 million.

During 2021, we acquired 232 self-storage facilities (21,830,000 net rentable square feet of storage space), for a  total  cost  of  $5.1  billion,  consisting  of  $5.0  billion  in  cash  and  $68.2  million  in  partnership  units  in  one  of  our subsidiaries.  Approximately  $174.9  million  of  the  total  cost  was  allocated  to  intangible  assets.  We  completed

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

development and redevelopment activities costing $218.0 million during 2021, adding 1.6 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. During 2021, we sold portions of real estate facilities in connection with eminent domain proceedings for $16.3 million in cash proceeds and recorded a related gain on sale of real estate of approximately $13.7 million.

During 2020, we acquired 62 self-storage facilities (5.1 million net rentable square feet of storage space), for a total cost of $792.3 million, which includes the assumption of a $3.8 million liability. Approximately $14.9 million of the total cost was allocated to intangible assets. We completed development and redevelopment activities costing $138.7 million during 2020, adding 1.1 million net rentable square feet of self-storage space. Included in general and administrative expense in 2020 is $3.2 million in development projects that were cancelled.

At  December  31,  2022,  the  adjusted  basis  of  real  estate  facilities  for  U.S.  federal  tax  purposes  was approximately $16.5 billion (unaudited).

## 4. Investments in Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities

The following table sets forth our investments in, and equity in earnings of, the Unconsolidated Real Estate Entities (amounts in thousands):

| Investments in Unconsolidated Real  Estate Entities at December 31,  Equity in Earnings of Unconsolidated Real Estate for the  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2022  2021  2020  PSB  $  -  $  515,312  $  80,596  $  207,722  $  64,835  Shurgard  275,752  313,451  26,385  24,371  15,662  Total  $  275,752  $  828,763  $  106,981  $  232,093  $  80,497   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following tables represent summarized financial information for PSB and Shurgard in aggregate derived from their respective reported financial statements prepared under US GAAP before our basis difference adjustments for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021,  and  2020  (amounts  in  thousands).  Due  to  the  complete  sale  of  our equity  investment  in  PSB  in  July  2022,  the  summarized  financial  information  for  2022  includes  PSB's  financial activities  through June 30, 2022, which represents the most practical date of such reported information prior to the transaction.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

| Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenues  $  572,192  $  790,461  $  721,393  Costs of operations  193,868  263,398  242,992  Operating income  220,948  333,624  290,901  Gain on sale of real estate  128,743  359,904  27,234  Net Income  299,226  639,062  275,680   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| At December 31,  2022  2021  Real estate assets  $  1,391,806  $  3,437,115  Other assets  289,420  481,403  Total assets  $  1,681,226  $  3,918,518  Debt  $  860,977  $  943,276  Other liabilities  224,701  298,787  Noncontrolling interests  2,659  262,243  Shareholders' equity  592,889  2,414,212  Total liabilities and equity  $  1,681,226  $  3,918,518   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Investment in PSB

Prior to the sale of our equity investment in PSB in its entirety on July 20, 2022, we owned 7,158,354 shares of  PSB's  common  stock  and  7,305,355  limited  partnership  units  in  an  operating  partnership  controlled  by  PSB, representing a 41% common equity interest in PSB.

On April  24,  2022,  PSB  entered  into  an  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger  whereby  affiliates  of  Blackstone agreed to acquire all outstanding shares of PSB's common stock for $187.50 per share in cash. On July 20, 2022, PSB announced  that  it  completed  the  merger  transaction  with  Blackstone.  Each  share  of  PSB  common  stock  and  each common unit of partnership interest we held in PSB were converted into the right to receive the merger consideration of $187.50 per share or unit, including a $5.25 closing cash dividend per share or unit, and a $0.22 prorated quarterly cash dividend per share or unit, for a total of $187.72 per share or unit. At the close of the merger transaction, we received a total of $2.7 billion of cash proceeds and recognized a gain of $2.1 billion, which was classified within gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc. in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

We classified $2.6 billion of the proceeds from the merger consideration, or $182.25 per share or unit within cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for 2022. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received cash distributions from PSB totaling $109.5 million (including the aforementioned $5.25 closing cash  dividend  per  share  or  unit  and  the  $0.22  prorated  quarterly  cash  dividend  per  share  or  unit  from  the  merger transaction), $127.3 million and $60.7 million, respectively, which were classified within cash flows from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

## Investment in Shurgard

Throughout all periods presented, we effectively owned, directly and indirectly 31,268,459 Shurgard common shares, representing a 35% equity interest in Shurgard.

Based upon the closing price at December 31, 2022 (€42.85 per share of Shurgard common stock, at 1.070 exchange rate of U.S. Dollars to the Euro), the shares we owned had a market value of approximately $1.4 billion.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

Our equity in earnings of Shurgard comprised our equity share of Shurgard's net income, less amortization of the Shurgard Basis Differential (defined below). During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we received $3.5 million, $3.5 million and  $3.1  million  of  trademark  license  fees  that  Shurgard  pays  to  us  for  the  use  of  the  Shurgard®  trademark, respectively.  We eliminated $1.2 million, $1.2 million, and $1.1 million of intra-entity profits and losses for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing our equity share of the trademark license fees. We classify the remaining license fees we receive from Shurgard as interest and other income on our income statement.

During  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  we  received  cash  dividends  from  Shurgard  totaling  $37.8  million,  $41.5 million and $34.9 million, respectively. Approximately $13.7 million, $19.5 million and $24.7 million of total cash distributions  from  Shurgard  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively,  represented distributions in excess of cumulative equity in earnings from Shurgard, which was classified within cash flows from investing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.

At December 31, 2022, our investment in Shurgard's real estate assets exceeded our pro-rata share of the underlying  amounts  on  Shurgard's  balance  sheet  by  approximately  $67.8  million  ($74.7  million  at  December  31, 2021). This differential (the 'Shurgard Basis Differential') includes our basis adjustments in Shurgard's real estate assets net of related deferred income taxes. The Shurgard Basis Differential is being amortized as a reduction to equity in  earnings  of  the  Unconsolidated  Real  Estate  Entities.  Such  amortization  totaled  approximately  $6.9  million,  $8.4 million and $5.8 million during 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

Shurgard is a publicly held entity trading on Euronext Brussels under the symbol 'SHUR'.

## 5. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

Goodwill and other intangible assets consisted of the following (amounts in thousands):

| At December 31, 2022  At December 31, 2021  Gross Book  Value  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Book  Value  Gross Book  Value  Accumulated  Amortization  Net Book  Value  Goodwill  $  165,843  $  -  $  165,843  $  165,843  $  -  $  165,843  Shurgard® Trade Name  18,824  -  18,824  18,824  -  18,824  Finite-lived intangible  assets, subject to  amortization  201,668  (153,818)  47,850  198,180  (79,953)  118,227  Total goodwill and other  intangible assets  $  386,335  $  (153,818)  $  232,517  $  382,847  $  (79,953)  $  302,894   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Finite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of acquired customers in place. Amortization expense related to  intangible  assets  subject  to  amortization  was  $95.2  million,  $76.6  million  and  $16.1  million  in  2022,  2021,  and 2020,  respectively.  During  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  intangibles  increased  $24.8  million,  $174.9  million,  and  $14.9 million, respectively, in connection with the acquisition of real estate facilities (Note 3).

The remaining amortization expense will be recognized over a weighted average life of approximately 1.3 years.  The  estimated  future  amortization  expense  for  our  finite-lived  intangible  assets  at  December  31,  2022  is  as follows (amounts in thousands):

| Year  Amount  2023  $  36,852  2024  5,746  Thereafter  5,252  Total  $  47,850   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6. Credit Facility

We  have  a  revolving  credit  agreement  (the  'Credit  Facility')  with  a  $500  million  borrowing  limit  that matures on April 19, 2024. Amounts drawn on the Credit Facility bear annual interest at rates ranging from LIBOR plus 0.7% to LIBOR plus 1.350% depending upon the ratio of our Total Indebtedness to Gross Asset Value (as defined in the Credit Facility) (LIBOR plus 0.75% at December 31, 2022). We are also required to pay a quarterly facility fee ranging from 0.07% per annum to 0.25% per annum depending upon the ratio of our Total Indebtedness to our Gross Asset Value (0.10% per annum at December 31, 2022). At December 31, 2022 and February 21, 2023, we had no outstanding  borrowings  under  this  Credit  Facility.  We  had  undrawn  standby  letters  of  credit,  which  reduce  our borrowing capacity, totaling $18.6 million at December 31, 2022 ($21.2 million at December 31, 2021). The Credit Facility has various customary restrictive covenants with which we were in compliance at December 31, 2022.

## 7. Notes Payable

Our notes payable are reflected net of issuance costs (including original issue discounts), which are amortized as  interest  expense  on  the  effective  interest  method  over  the  term  of  each  respective  note.  Our  notes  payable  at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set forth in the tables below:

| Amounts at December 31, 2022  Coupon Rate  Effective  Rate  Principal  Unamortized  Costs  Book  Value  Fair  Value  ($ amounts in thousands)  U.S. Dollar Denominated Unsecured Debt  Notes due April 23, 2024  SOFR+0.47%  2.831%  $  700,000  $  (925)  $  699,075  $  691,309  Notes due February 15, 2026  0.875%  1.030%  500,000  (2,322)  497,678  441,849  Notes due November 9, 2026  1.500%  1.640%  650,000  (3,357)  646,643  578,899  Notes due September 15, 2027  3.094%  3.218%  500,000  (2,492)  497,508  466,029  Notes due May 1, 2028  1.850%  1.962%  650,000  (3,599)  646,401  558,197  Notes due November 9, 2028  1.950%  2.044%  550,000  (2,818)  547,182  468,509  Notes due May 1, 2029  3.385%  3.459%  500,000  (1,947)  498,053  456,855  Notes due May 1, 2031  2.300%  2.419%  650,000  (5,697)  644,303  530,390  Notes due November 9, 2031  2.250%  2.322%  550,000  (3,134)  546,866  443,514  5,250,000  (26,291)  5,223,709  4,635,551  Euro Denominated Unsecured Debt  Notes due April 12, 2024  1.540%  1.540%  107,035  -  107,035  104,344  Notes due November 3, 2025  2.175%  2.175%  259,039  -  259,039  246,119  Notes due September 9, 2030  0.500%  0.640%  749,245  (8,611)  740,634  566,204  Notes due January 24, 2032  0.875%  0.978%  535,175  (4,858)  530,317  396,297  1,650,494  (13,469)  1,637,025  1,312,964  Mortgage Debt  , secured by 5 real  estate facilities with a net book value  of $17.0 million  3.410%  3.410%  10,092  -  10,092  9,568  $  6,910,586  $  (39,760)  $  6,870,826  $  5,958,083   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

| Amounts at  December 31, 2021  Book Value  Fair Value  ($ amounts in thousands)  U.S. Dollar Denominated Unsecured Debt  Notes due September 15, 2022  $  499,637  $  506,362  Notes due April 23, 2024  698,372  700,314  Notes due February 15, 2026  496,939  488,141  Notes due November 9, 2026  645,773  649,996  Notes due September 15, 2027  496,980  535,206  Notes due May 1, 2028  645,724  649,221  Notes due November 9, 2028  546,701  548,241  Notes due May 1, 2029  497,743  545,580  Notes due May 1, 2031  643,617  656,546  Notes due November 9, 2031  546,512  551,932  5,717,998  5,831,539  Euro Denominated Unsecured Debt  Notes due April 12, 2024  113,431  117,526  Notes due November 3, 2025  274,518  295,256  Notes due September 9, 2030  784,287  769,561  Notes due January 24, 2032  561,761  551,842  1,733,997  1,734,185  Mortgage Debt  23,284  24,208  $  7,475,279  $  7,589,932   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## U.S. Dollar Denominated Unsecured Notes

On  August  15,  2022,  the  Company  redeemed  its  2.370%  Senior  Notes  due  September  15,  2022,  with  an aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million.

On January 19, 2021, we completed a public offering of $500 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes bearing interest at an annual rate of 0.875% and maturing on February 15, 2026. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually, commencing on August 15, 2021. In connection with the offering, we incurred $3.8 million in costs.

On April 23, 2021, we completed a public offering of $700 million, $650 million, and $650 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes bearing interest at an annual rate of the Compounded Secured Overnight Financing Rate  ('SOFR')  plus  0.47%  (reset  quarterly  and  at  4.36%  as  of  December  31,  2022),  1.850%,  and  2.300%, respectively, and maturing on April 23, 2024, May 1, 2028, and May 1, 2031, respectively. Interest on the 2024 notes is  payable  quarterly,  commencing  on  July  23,  2021.  Interest  on  the  2028  notes  and  2031  notes  is  payable  semiannually, commencing on November 1, 2021. In connection with the offering, we incurred a total of $13.7 million in costs.

On  November  9,  2021,  we  completed  a  public  offering  of  $650  million,  $550  million,  and  $550  million aggregate  principal  amount  of  senior  notes  bearing  interest  at  an  annual  rate  of  1.500%,  1.950%,  and  2.250%, respectively, and maturing on November 9, 2026, November 9, 2028, and November 9, 2031, respectively. Interest on the senior notes is payable semi-annually, commencing on May 9, 2022. In connection with the offering, we incurred a total of $11.3 million in costs.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

The  U.S.  Dollar  denominated  unsecured  notes  (the  'U.S.  Dollar  Denominated  Unsecured  Notes')  have various financial covenants, with which we were in compliance at December 31, 2022. Included in these covenants are (a) a maximum Debt to Total Assets of 65% (approximately 14% at December 31, 2022) and (b) a minimum ratio of Adjusted EBITDA to Interest Expense of 1.5x (approximately 25x for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022) as well as covenants limiting the amount we can encumber our properties with mortgage debt.

## Euro Denominated Unsecured Notes

Our Euro denominated unsecured notes (the 'Euro Notes') consist of four tranches: (i) €242.0 million issued to institutional investors on November 3, 2015, (ii) €100.0 million issued to institutional investors on April 12, 2016, (iii) €500.0 million issued in a public offering on January 24, 2020, and (iv) €700.0 million issued in a public offering on September 9, 2021. Interest is payable semi-annually on the notes issued November 3, 2015 and April 12, 2016, and annually on the notes issued January 24, 2020 and September 9, 2021.The Euro Notes have financial covenants similar to those of the U.S. Dollar Denominated Unsecured Notes.

We reflect changes in the U.S. Dollar equivalent of the amount payable including the associated interest, as a result of changes in foreign exchange rates as 'Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)' on our income statement (gains of $99.2 million for 2022, as compared to gains of $111.8 million for 2021 and losses of $98.0 million for 2020).

## Mortgage Notes

We assumed our non-recourse mortgage debt in connection with property acquisitions, and we recorded such debt  at  fair  value  with  any  premium  or  discount  to  the  stated  note  balance  amortized  using  the  effective  interest method.

At December 31, 2022, the related contractual interest rates of our mortgage notes are fixed, ranging between 3.2% and 7.1%, and mature between November 1, 2023 and July 1, 2030.

At December 31, 2022, approximate principal maturities of our Notes Payable are as follows (amounts in thousands):

| Unsecured Debt  Mortgage Debt  Total  2023  $  -  $  8,270  $  8,270  2024  807,035  124  807,159  2025  259,039  131  259,170  2026  1,150,000  138  1,150,138  2027  500,000  140  500,140  Thereafter  4,184,420  1,289  4,185,709  $  6,900,494  $  10,092  $  6,910,586  Weighted average effective rate  2.0  %  3.4  %  2.0  %   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash paid  for  interest  totaled  $133.8  million,  $77.7  million,  and  $52.7  million  for  2022,  2021,  and  2020, respectively. Interest capitalized as real estate totaled $6.0 million, $3.5 million and $3.4 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

## 8. Noncontrolling Interests

There  are  noncontrolling  interests  related  to  several  subsidiaries  we  consolidate  of  which  we  do  not  own 100% of the equity. At December 31, 2022, certain of these subsidiaries have issued 499,966 partnership units to thirdparties that are convertible on a one-for-one basis (subject to certain limitations) into common shares of the Company at the request of the unitholder. These include a total of 54,137 partnership units of $19.9 million issued to third-parties in connection with our acquisition of self-storage properties in 2022.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

At  March  31,  2022,  there  were  254,833  partnership  units  of  $83.8  million  classified  as  redeemable noncontrolling  interests  outside  of  total  equity  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets,  because  the  unitholders  of  these partnership  units  had  the  right  to  require  redemption  of  their  partnership  units  in  cash  if  common  shares  of  the Company were not publicly listed. In the second quarter of 2022, the related partnership agreements were amended with such cash redemption feature removed from these partnership units. We therefore reclassified $83.8 million from redeemable noncontrolling interests to noncontrolling interests in total equity during the three months ended June 30, 2022.

## 9. Shareholders' Equity

## Preferred Shares

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had the following series of Cumulative Preferred Shares ('Preferred Shares') outstanding:

| At December 31, 2022  At December 31, 2021  Series  Earliest  Redemption  Date  Dividend Rate  Shares  Outstanding  Liquidation  Preference  Shares  Outstanding  Liquidation  Preference  (Dollar amounts in thousands)  Series F  6/2/2022  5.150  %  11,200  $  280,000  11,200  $  280,000  Series G  8/9/2022  5.050  %  12,000  300,000  12,000  300,000  Series H  3/11/2024  5.600  %  11,400  285,000  11,400  285,000  Series I  9/12/2024  4.875  %  12,650  316,250  12,650  316,250  Series J  11/15/2024  4.700  %  10,350  258,750  10,350  258,750  Series K  12/20/2024  4.750  %  9,200  230,000  9,200  230,000  Series L  6/17/2025  4.625  %  22,600  565,000  22,600  565,000  Series M  8/14/2025  4.125  %  9,200  230,000  9,200  230,000  Series N  10/6/2025  3.875  %  11,300  282,500  11,300  282,500  Series O  11/17/2025  3.900  %  6,800  170,000  6,800  170,000  Series P  6/16/2026  4.000  %  24,150  603,750  24,150  603,750  Series Q  8/17/2026  3.950  %  5,750  143,750  5,750  143,750  Series R  11/19/2026  4.000  %  17,400  435,000  17,400  435,000  Series S  1/13/2027  4.100  %  10,000  250,000  -  -  Total Preferred Shares  174,000  $  4,350,000  164,000  $  4,100,000   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  holders  of  our  Preferred  Shares  have  general  preference  rights  with  respect  to  liquidation,  quarterly distributions, and any accumulated unpaid distributions. Except as noted below, holders of the Preferred Shares do not have voting rights. In the event of a cumulative arrearage equal to six quarterly dividends, holders of all outstanding series of preferred shares (voting as a single class without regard to series) will have the right to elect two additional members to serve on our Board of Trustees (our 'Board') until the arrearage has been cured. At December 31, 2022, there were no dividends in arrears. The affirmative vote of at least 66.67% of the outstanding shares of a series of Preferred Shares is required for any material and adverse amendment to the terms of such series. The affirmative vote of at least 66.67% of the outstanding shares of all of our Preferred Shares, voting as a single class, is required to issue shares ranking senior to our Preferred Shares.

Except under certain conditions relating to the Company's qualification as a REIT, the Preferred Shares are not redeemable prior to the dates indicated on the table above. On or after the respective dates, each of the series of Preferred Shares is redeemable at our option, in whole or in part, at $25.00 per depositary share, plus accrued and unpaid dividends. Holders of the Preferred Shares cannot require us to redeem such shares.

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

Upon  issuance  of  our  Preferred  Shares,  we  classify  the  liquidation  value  as  preferred  equity  on  our consolidated balance sheet with any issuance costs recorded as a reduction to Paid-in capital.

During  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  we  issued  the  following  series  of  Preferred  Shares  at  an  issuance  price  of $25.00 per depository share with each depository share representing 0.001 of a share of Preferred Share (amounts in thousands):

| 2022  S  10,000  $  250,000  $  7,168  2021  P, Q and R  47,300  1,182,500  35,045  2020  L, M, N and O  49,900  1,247,500  39,294  Year  Series  Shares  Gross Proceeds  Issuance Costs   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During 2021 and 2020, we redeemed the following series of Preferred Shares at par (none in 2022) (amounts in thousands):

| 2021  C, D and E  $  875,000  $  28,914  2020 (a)  V, W, X and B  1,520,000  48,265  Year  Series  Aggregate  Redemption  Amount  Allocation of Income to  Preferred Shares Holders in  Connection with Redemption   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a) On  December  14,  2020,  we  called  for  redemption  of,  and  on  January  20,  2021,  we  redeemed  Series  B Preferred Shares. The liquidation value (at par) was reclassified as a liability as of December 31, 2020 and we recorded  allocation  of  income  to  the  holders  of  our  Preferred  Shares  in  2020  in  connection  with  this redemption.

## Common Shares

During 2022, 2021, and 2020, activity with respect to the issuance of our common shares was as follows (dollar amounts in thousands):

| 2022  2021  2020  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Employee stock-based compensation and  exercise of stock options (Note 11)  283,190  $  35,405  552,713  $  95,860  163,127  $  12,664   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our  Board  previously  authorized  the  repurchase  from  time  to  time  of  up  to  35.0  million  of  our  common shares  on  the  open  market  or  in  privately  negotiated  transactions.  Through  December  31,  2022,  we  repurchased approximately 23.7 million shares pursuant to this authorization; none of which were repurchased during the three years ended December 31, 2022.

The unaudited characterization of dividends for U.S. federal corporate income tax purposes is made based upon earnings and profits of the Company, as defined by the Code. Common share dividends paid, including amounts paid to our restricted share unitholders, totaled $3.714 billion ($21.15 per share), $1.402 billion ($8.00 per share), and $1.399 billion ($8.00 per share) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Included in common share dividends paid during 2022 is $2.3 billion of a special cash dividend ('Special Dividend') of $13.15 per common share paid on August 4, 2022 in connection with the sale of our equity investment in PSB on July 20, 2022.  Preferred  share  dividends  totaled  $194.4  million,  $186.6  million  and  $207.1  million  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

For the tax year ended December 31, 2022, distributions for the common shares and all the various series of preferred shares were classified as follows:

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

| 2022 (unaudited)  1st Quarter  2nd Quarter  8/4/2022  Special  3rd Quarter  4th Quarter  Ordinary Dividends  29.61 %  29.61 %  39.66 %  - %  100.00 %  Capital Gain Distributions  70.39 %  70.39 %  60.34 %  100.00 %  0.00 %  Total  100.00 %  100.00 %  100.00 %  100.00 %  100.00 %   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  ordinary  income  dividends  distributed  for  the  tax  year  ended  December  31,  2022  are  not  qualified dividends under the Internal Revenue Code; however, they are subject to the 20% deduction under IRS Section 199A.

## 10. Related Party Transactions

At December 31, 2022, Tamara Hughes Gustavson, a current member of our Board, held less than a 0.1% equity interest in, and is a manager of, a limited liability company that owns 65 self-storage facilities in Canada. Two of Ms. Gustavson's adult children owned the remaining equity interest in the limited liability company. These facilities operate under the Public Storage® tradename, which we license to the owners of these facilities for use in Canada on a royalty-free, non-exclusive basis. We have no ownership interest in these facilities and we do not own or operate any facilities in Canada. If we chose to acquire or develop our own facilities in Canada, we would have to share the use of the Public Storage® name in Canada. We have a right of first refusal, subject to limitations, to acquire the stock or assets of the corporation engaged in the operation of these facilities if their owners agree to sell them. Our subsidiaries reinsure risks relating to loss of goods stored by customers in these facilities, and have received premium payments of approximately $2.2 million, $2.1 million and $1.6 million for 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively.

On  July  8,  2022,  we  acquired  from  PSB  the  commercial  interests  in  five  properties  at  three  sites  jointly occupied with certain of our self-storage facilities located in Maryland and Virginia, for $47.3 million. We recognized $27.0 million of real estate assets and $0.7 million of intangibles for the properties acquired, representing the cost of these commercial properties that we did not have interest in through our equity investment in PSB. We recognized the remaining $19.6 million as an increase in our basis in our equity investment in PSB, which represents the elimination of our portion of the gain recorded by PSB.

## 11. Share-Based Compensation

Under various share-based compensation plans and under terms established or modified by our Board or a committee thereof, we grant equity awards to trustees, officers, and key employees, including non-qualified options to purchase  the  Company's  common  shares,  RSUs,  deferred  share  units  ('DSUs'),  and  unrestricted  common  shares issued in lieu of trustee compensation.

On April 26, 2021, the Company's Shareholders approved the 2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan ('2021 Plan'), which authorized an additional three million shares available for future issuance of equity-based awards. As of December 31, 2022, there were a total of 1,724,352 shares reserved for granting of future options and stock awards under the 2021 Plan.

We recorded share-based compensation expense associated with our equity awards in the various expense categories in the Consolidated Statements of Income as set forth in the following table. In addition, $4.1 million and $3.9 million share-based compensation cost was capitalized as real estate facilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (none in 2020).

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

| For Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (Amounts in thousands)  Self-storage cost of operations  $  17,950  $  20,544  $  14,904  Ancillary cost of operations  888  1,561  -  General and administrative  37,865  37,760  18,586  Total  $  56,703  $  59,865  $  33,490   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in share-based compensation is $14.9 million, $15.9 million and $5.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, of retirement acceleration as discussed in Note 2.

## Stock Options

We have service-based and performance-based stock options outstanding. Performance-based stock options outstanding vest upon meeting certain performance conditions or market conditions. Stock options generally vest over 3 to 5 years, expire 10 years after the grant date, and have an exercise price equal to the closing trading price of our common shares on the grant date. New shares are issued for options exercised. Employees cannot require the Company to settle their award in cash.

For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  we  incurred  share-based  compensation  cost  for outstanding stock options of $19.9 million, $25.1 million and $7.6 million, respectively.

During 2022, we granted 65,000 stock options in connection with non-management trustee compensation. We also  granted  77,683  stock  options,  of  which  vesting  is  dependent  upon  meeting  certain  market  conditions  over  the three-year period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2024, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2027. These stock options require relative achievement of the Company's total shareholder return as compared to the weighted average total shareholder return of specified peer groups and can result in grantees earning up to 200% of the target options originally granted.

During  2021,  245,000  stock  options  were  awarded  where  vesting  is  dependent  upon  meeting  certain performance  targets  over  the  three-year  period  from  January  1,  2021  through  December  31,  2023,  which  are considered  performance  conditions,  with  continued  service-based  vesting  through  the  first  quarter  of  2026.  These awards contain a relative Total Shareholder Return modifier that will adjust the payout based on relative performance as compared to the market. As of December 31, 2022, these performance targets were expected to be met at 125% achievement, an increase from 100% as of December 31, 2021.

During  2020,  770,000  stock  options  were  awarded  where  vesting  is  dependent  upon  meeting  certain performance  targets  over  the  three-year  period  from  January  1,  2020  through  December  31,  2022,  which  are considered  performance  conditions,  with  continued  service-based  vesting  through  the  first  quarter  of  2025.  These performance targets were met at 125% achievement at December 31, 2022.

The stock options outstanding at December 31, 2022 have an aggregate intrinsic value (the excess, if any, of each option's market value over the exercise price) of approximately $209.8 million and remaining average contractual lives of approximately five years. Total compensation cost related to nonvested stock options that has not yet been recognized is $21.2 million and is expected to be recognized as compensation cost over approximately three years on average. Exercisable stock options have an aggregate intrinsic value of approximately $128.9 million at December 31, 2022 and remaining average contractual lives of approximately three years.

Additional information with respect to stock options during 2022, 2021, and 2020 is as follows:

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

| Service-Based  Performance-Based  Total  Number of  Options  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price per  Share  Number of  Options  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price per  Share  Number of  Options  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price per  Share  Options outstanding January 1,  2020  2,339,667  $  204.53  -  $  -  2,339,667  $  204.53  Granted  70,000  200.61  770,000  228.94  840,000  226.58  Exercised  (71,500)  (175.16)  -  -  (71,500)  (175.16)  Cancelled  (107,000)  (220.33)  (40,000)  (228.94)  (147,000)  (222.67)  Options outstanding December 31, 2020  2,231,167  $  204.60  730,000  $  228.94  2,961,167  $  210.59  Granted (a)  140,000  248.54  420,000  229.53  560,000  234.29  Exercised  (471,216)  (203.30)  -  -  (471,216)  (203.30)  Cancelled  -  -  (10,000)  (228.94)  (10,000)  (228.94)  Options outstanding December 31, 2021  1,899,951  $  208.16  1,140,000  $  229.16  3,039,951  $  216.04  Granted (b)  65,000  398.97  138,933  299.88  203,933  331.46  Special dividend adjustment (c)  62,512  N/A  41,836  N/A  104,348  N/A  Exercised  (173,422)  (189.95)  (10,327)  (221.68)  (183,749)  (191.74)  Cancelled  -  -  -  -  -  -  Options outstanding December 31, 2022 (d)  1,854,041  $  209.53  1,310,442  $  229.39  3,164,483  $  217.75  Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 (d)  1,617,555  $  200.87  10,327  $  221.68  1,627,882  $  201.00   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  2020  Aggregate exercise date intrinsic value of options exercised during the year (in 000's)  $  27,210  $  44,613  $  3,433  Average assumptions used in valuing options with the Black-Scholes method:  Expected life of options in years  6  5  5  Risk-free interest rate  2.9  %  0.8  %  0.4  %  Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility  22.9  %  24.1  %  21.6  %  Expected dividend yield  2.0  %  2.9  %  3.8  %  Average assumptions used in valuing options with market conditions with the  Monte-Carlo simulation method:  Expected life of options in years  7  5  Risk-free interest rate  1.8  %  0.9  %  Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility  22.6  %  26.5  %  Expected dividend yield  2.3  %  2.9  %  Average estimated value of options granted during the year  $  87.57  $  62.66  $  17.79   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(a)  Amount  granted  for  performance-based  stock  options  includes  performance  adjustments  above  target  for options granted in 2020.

(b)  Amount  granted  for  performance-based  stock  options  includes  performance  adjustments  above  target  for options granted in 2021.

(c) On August 4, 2022, we paid a Special Dividend of $13.15 per common share to shareholders of record as of August 1, 2022. Stock options that were outstanding at the time of the Special Dividend were adjusted pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of the Company's applicable equity and performance-based incentive compensation plans that provide  for  equitable  adjustments  in  the  event  of  an  extraordinary  cash  dividend.  The  anti-dilution  adjustments

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

proportionately increased the number of outstanding stock options and reduced the exercise prices of outstanding stock options  by  a  conversion  rate  of  1.03275,  resulting  in  an  increase  of  104,348  stock  options  outstanding.  The adjustments did not result in incremental share-based compensation expense.

(d)  The  weighted  average  exercise  price  of  options  outstanding  and  options  exercisable  at  December  31,  2022 reflect the adjusted exercise price post the anti-dilution adjustment on August 3, 2022.

## Restricted Share Units

We have service-based  and  performance-based  RSUs  outstanding,  which  generally  vest  over  5  to  8  years from the grant date. Performance-based RSUs outstanding vest upon meeting certain performance conditions or market conditions. The grantee receives dividends for each outstanding RSU equal to the per-share dividends received by our common shareholders. We expense any dividends previously paid upon forfeiture of the related RSU. Upon vesting, the grantee receives new common shares equal to the number of vested RSUs, less common shares withheld to satisfy the grantee's statutory tax liabilities arising from the vesting.

The fair value of our RSUs is determined based upon the applicable closing trading price of our common shares.

For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  we  incurred  share-based  compensation  cost  for RSUs of $39.9 million, $37.6 million, and $25.1 million, respectively.

During 2022, 21,985 RSUs were awarded where vesting is dependent upon meeting certain market conditions over  a  three-year  period  from  January  1,  2022  through  December  31,  2024,  with  continued  service-based  vesting through  the  first  quarter  of  2027.  The  amount  of  these  RSUs  that  are  earned  and  vested,  if  any,  will  be  based,  in addition to continued employment requirements, on the Company's relative total shareholder return over the three-year period as compared to the weighted average total shareholder return of the specified peer groups and can result in grantees earning up to 200% of the target RSUs originally granted.

During  2021,  37,000  RSUs  were  awarded  where  vesting  is  dependent  upon  meeting  certain  performance targets for 2021, which are considered performance conditions, with continued service-based vesting through the first quarter of 2026. As of December 31, 2021, these targets were met at 125% achievement.

Remaining compensation cost related to RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 totals approximately $74.3 million and is expected to be recognized over the next two years on average. The following tables set forth relevant information with respect to restricted shares (dollar amounts in thousands):

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

| Service-Based  Performance-Based  Total  Number of  Restricted  Share Units  Weighted-  Average  Grant-Date  Fair Value  Number of  Restricted  Share Units  Weighted-  Average  Grant-Date  Fair Value  Number of  Restricted  Share Units  Weighted-  Average  Grant-Date  Fair Value  Restricted share units outstanding  January 1, 2020  619,150  $  213.29  -  $  -  619,150  $  213.29  Granted  110,755  222.27  -  -  110,755  222.27  Vested  (140,089)  (200.88)  -  -  (140,089)  (200.88)  Forfeited  (37,028)  (215.08)  -  -  (37,028)  (215.08)  Restricted share units outstanding  December 31, 2020  552,788  $  218.11  -  $  -  552,788  $  218.11  Granted (a)  143,068  336.06  46,250  275.12  189,318  321.17  Vested  (138,420)  (216.63)  -  -  (138,420)  (216.63)  Forfeited  (32,864)  (221.32)  -  -  (32,864)  (221.32)  Restricted share units outstanding  December 31, 2021  524,572  $  249.90  46,250  $  275.12  570,822  $  251.95  Granted  51,575  293.43  21,985  465.11  73,560  344.74  Vested  (146,138)  (240.71)  -  -  (146,138)  (240.71)  Forfeited  (22,197)  (256.50)  -  -  (22,197)  (256.50)  Restricted share units outstanding  December 31, 2022  407,812  $  258.34  68,235  $  336.33  476,047  $  269.52   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2022

47,244

16,827

99,009

3

1.6  %

26.5  %

2.3  %

465.11

Amounts for the year (in 000's, except number of shares):

Fair value of vested shares on vesting date

Cash paid for taxes upon vesting in lieu of issuing common shares

Common shares issued upon vesting

Average assumptions used in valuing restricted share units with market conditions with the Monte-Carlo simulation method:

Time from the valuation date to the end of the performance period

Risk-free interest rate

Expected volatility, based upon historical volatility

Expected dividend yield

Average estimated value of restricted share units granted during the year

$

$

$

(a) Amount  includes  adjustments  above  target  for  performance-based  RSUs  granted  in  fiscal  year  2021 based on achievement of performance criteria.

## Trustee Deferral Program

Non-management trustees may elect to receive all or a portion of their cash retainers in cash, unrestricted common shares, or fully-vested DSUs to be settled at a specified future date. Shares of unrestricted stock and/or DSUs will  be  granted  to  the  non-management  trustee  on  the  last  day  of  each  calendar  quarter  based  on  the  cash  retainer earned for that quarter and converted into a number of shares or units based on the applicable closing price of our common shares on such date. During 2022, we granted 2,425 DSUs and 432 unrestricted common shares.

2021

37,430

13,069

81,325

2020

31,076

10,518

91,627

$

$

$

$

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## 12.   Net Income per Common Share

We allocate net income to (i) noncontrolling interests based upon their contractual rights in the respective subsidiaries  or  for  participating  noncontrolling  interests  based  upon  their  participation  in  both  distributed  and undistributed  earnings  of  the  Company,  (ii)  preferred  shareholders,  for  distributions  paid  or  payable,  (iii)  preferred shareholders,  to  the  extent  redemption  cost  exceeds  the  related  original  net  issuance  proceeds  (a  'preferred  share redemption  charge'),  and  (iv)  RSUs,  for  non-forfeitable  dividends  paid  and  adjusted  for  participation  rights  in undistributed earnings of the Company.

We calculate basic and diluted net income per common share based upon net income allocable to common shareholders,  divided  by  (i)  weighted  average  common  shares  for  basic  net  income  per  common  share,  and  (ii) weighted average common shares adjusted for the impact of dilutive stock options outstanding for diluted net income per common share. Potentially dilutive stock options representing 147,344 common shares were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, because their effect would have been antidilutive.

The  following  table  reconciles  the  numerators  and  denominators  of  the  basic  and  diluted  net  income  per common  shares  computation  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021,  and  2020,  respectively  (in  thousands, except per share amounts):

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Numerator for basic and dilutive net income per common  share - net income allocable to common shareholders  $  4,142,288  $  1,732,444  $  1,098,335  Denominator for basic net income per share -  weighted  average common shares outstanding  175,257  174,858  174,494  Net effect of dilutive stock options - based on treasury  stock method  1,023  710  148  Denominator for dilutive net income per share -  weighted  average common shares outstanding  176,280  175,568  174,642  Net income per common share:  Basic  $  23.64  $  9.91  $  6.29  Dilutive  $  23.50  $  9.87  $  6.29   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 13. Segment Information

Our  operating  segments  reflect  the  significant  components  of  our  operations  where  discrete  financial information is evaluated separately by our chief operating decision maker.

## Self-Storage Operations

The  Self-Storage  Operations  reportable  segment  reflects  the  aggregated  rental  operations  from  the  selfstorage  facilities  we  own  from  (i)  Same  Store  Facilities,  (ii)  Acquired  Facilities,  (iii)  Developed  and  Expanded Facilities, and (iv) Other Non-Same Store Facilities. The presentation in the table below sets forth the Net Operating Income ('NOI') of this  reportable  segment,  as  well  as  the  related  depreciation  expense.  For  all  periods  presented, substantially all of our real estate facilities, goodwill and other intangible assets, other assets, and accrued and other liabilities are associated with the Self-Storage Operations reportable segment.

## Ancillary Operations

The Ancillary Operations reflects the combined operations of our tenant reinsurance, merchandise sales, and third party property management operating segments.

## Presentation of Segment Information

The following table reconciles NOI and net income attributable to our reportable segment to our consolidated net income:

| For the Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  (amounts in thousands)  Self-Storage Operations Reportable Segment  Revenue  $  3,946,028  $  3,203,566  $  2,721,630  Cost of operations  (980,209)  (852,030)  (807,543)  Net operating income  2,965,819  2,351,536  1,914,087  Depreciation and amortization  (888,146)  (713,428)  (553,257)  Net income  2,077,673  1,638,108  1,360,830  Ancillary Operations  Revenue  236,135  212,258  193,438  Cost of operations  (72,698)  (68,568)  (59,919)  Net operating income  163,437  143,690  133,519  Total net income allocated to segments  2,241,110  1,781,798  1,494,349  Other items not allocated to segments:  General and administrative  (114,742)  (101,254)  (83,199)  Interest and other income  40,567  12,306  22,323  Interest expense  (136,319)  (90,774)  (56,283)  Equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities  106,981  232,093  80,497  Foreign currency exchange gain (loss)  98,314  111,787  (97,953)  Gain on sale of real estate  1,503  13,683  1,493  Gain on sale of equity investment in PS Business Parks, Inc.  2,128,860  -  -  Net income  $  4,366,274  $  1,959,639  $  1,361,227   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## PUBLIC STORAGE NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022

## 14.   Commitments and Contingencies

## Contingent Losses

We  are  a  party  to  various  legal  proceedings  and  subject  to  various  claims  and  complaints;  however,  we believe that the likelihood of these contingencies resulting in a material loss to the Company, either individually or in the aggregate, is remote.

## Insurance and Loss Exposure

We  carry  property,  earthquake,  general  liability,  employee  medical  insurance,  and  workers  compensation coverage  through  internationally  recognized  insurance  carriers,  subject  to  deductibles.  Our  deductible  for  general liability is $2.0 million per occurrence. Our annual deductible for property loss is $25.0 million per occurrence. This deductible decreases to $5.0 million once we reach $35.0 million in aggregate losses for occurrences that exceed $5.0 million. Insurance carriers' aggregate limits on these policies of $75.0 million for property losses and $102.0 million for  general  liability  losses  are  higher  than  estimates  of  maximum  probable  losses  that  could  occur  from  individual catastrophic events determined in recent engineering and actuarial studies; however, in case of multiple catastrophic events, these limits could be exceeded.

We reinsure a program that provides insurance to our customers from an independent third-party insurer. This program  covers  customer  claims  for  losses  to  goods  stored  at  our  facilities  as  a  result  of  specific  named  perils (earthquakes are not covered by this program), up to a maximum limit of $5,000 per storage unit. We reinsure all risks in this program, but purchase insurance to cover this exposure for a limit of $15.0 million for losses in excess of $5.0 million per occurrence. We are subject to licensing requirements and regulations in all states. Customers participate in the program at their option. At December 31, 2022, there were approximately 1.2 million certificates held by our selfstorage customers, representing aggregate coverage of approximately $5.6 billion.

## Commitments

We have construction commitments representing future expected payments for construction under contract totaling  $263.5  million  at  December  31,  2022.  We  expect  to  pay  approximately  $229.8  million  in  2023  and  $33.7 million in 2024 for these construction commitments.

We have future contractual payments on land, equipment and office space under various lease commitments totaling $63.4 million at December 31, 2022. We expect to pay approximately $3.1 million in each of 2023 and 2024, $3.0 million in each of 2025 and 2026, $2.1 million in 2027 and $49.1 million thereafter for these commitments.

## 15.  Subsequent Events

Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we acquired or were under contract to acquire eight self-storage facilities across five states with 0.5 million net rentable square feet, for $70.5 million.

On  February  4,  2023,  our  Board  of  Trustees  declared  a  50%  increase  in  its  regular  common  quarterly dividend from $2.00 to $3.00 per share, payable on March 30, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 15, 2023. The distribution equates to an annualized increase to the Company's regular common dividend from $8.00 to $12.00 per share.

## PUBLIC STORAGE SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE

## AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION

(Amounts in thousands, except number of properties)

| Self-storage facilities by market:  Los Angeles  226  16,652  359  543,650  981,256  471,088  542,073  1,453,921  1,995,994  928,465  Dallas/Ft. Worth  193  17,274  -  328,518  1,889,830  214,515  329,979  2,102,884  2,432,863  421,762  Houston  145  12,265  -  239,385  647,576  258,080  238,706  906,335  1,145,041  381,723  San Francisco  141  9,197  -  245,623  557,398  314,857  258,373  859,505  1,117,878  557,875  Chicago  137  8,865  -  147,606  440,494  144,497  150,443  582,154  732,597  427,557  Washington DC  118  8,341  -  420,884  1,319,147  199,354  436,704  1,502,681  1,939,385  435,221  Atlanta  112  7,550  1,591  143,799  420,664  101,272  144,161  521,574  665,735  319,016  Seattle/Tacoma  100  6,980  -  211,959  584,089  161,112  212,568  744,592  957,160  410,728  Miami  99  7,460  -  252,244  560,224  172,704  254,137  731,035  985,172  397,084  New York  98  7,278  -  281,499  617,448  268,202  287,836  879,313  1,167,149  536,545  Orlando/Daytona  98  5,781  -  157,808  408,287  70,883  163,289  473,689  636,978  191,858  Denver  70  5,291  8,142  120,117  323,262  106,286  120,838  428,827  549,665  187,978  Minneapolis/St. Paul  65  5,218  -  123,460  300,698  126,906  127,014  424,050  551,064  166,687  Philadelphia  62  4,041  -  58,824  226,733  85,150  57,845  312,862  370,707  187,147  Charlotte  61  4,689  -  89,309  238,236  85,982  97,172  316,355  413,527  158,819  Tampa  57  3,985  -  93,109  213,546  85,926  96,422  296,159  392,581  155,070  Detroit  48  3,595  -  67,465  225,061  61,379  68,871  285,034  353,905  142,253  Portland  49  2,865  -  60,975  218,076  51,935  61,633  269,353  330,986  124,847  Baltimore  50  3,851  -  136,598  775,086  42,754  136,722  817,716  954,438  131,757  Phoenix  50  3,499  -  99,453  304,379  45,259  99,444  349,647  449,091  139,434  West Palm Beach  46  3,833  -  156,788  221,479  114,853  157,496  335,624  493,120  161,302  San Antonio  40  2,827  -  54,753  224,313  31,712  54,711  256,067  310,778  84,489  Austin  37  2,942  -  69,205  188,500  49,021  71,227  235,499  306,726  109,453  Raleigh  38  2,732  -  89,212  212,776  42,985  90,201  254,772  344,973  83,693  Norfolk  36  2,208  -  47,728  128,986  30,103  46,843  159,974  206,817  84,167  Sacramento  35  2,054  -  26,429  80,391  42,815  26,913  122,722  149,635  90,534  Indianapolis  31  2,040  -  40,905  109,447  24,061  41,905  132,508  174,413  57,787  Kansas City  30  1,972  -  19,603  106,102  37,676  19,803  143,578  163,381  70,531  Boston  28  1,962  -  80,843  209,495  39,655  81,409  248,584  329,993  124,302  St. Louis  28  1,749  -  23,539  89,341  35,063  23,395  124,548  147,943  72,260  Columbus  27  2,015  -  44,983  92,001  29,817  45,090  121,711  166,801  57,187  Columbia  27  1,620  -  27,177  83,532  23,724  27,936  106,497  134,433  47,839  Oklahoma City  36  2,695  -  58,426  197,991  19,338  58,426  217,329  275,755  38,708  San Diego  24  2,183  -  89,782  162,043  52,943  92,292  212,476  304,768  111,712  Las Vegas  25  1,649  -  28,016  113,889  22,270  27,264  136,911  164,175  58,605  Cincinnati  21  1,241  -  19,385  67,782  24,688  19,303  92,552  111,855  38,121  Initial Cost  Gross Carrying Amount At December 31, 2022  Description  No. of  Facilities  Net  Rentable  Square Feet  2022  Encum-  brances  Land  Buildings &amp;  Improvements  Costs  Subsequent  to Acquisition  Land  Buildings  Total  Accumulated  Depreciation   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION

(Amounts in thousands, except number of properties)

| Nashville/Bowling Green  19  1,221  -  25,374  57,494  32,496  25,372  89,992  115,364  37,098  Colorado Springs  16  1,118  -  12,320  60,393  23,467  12,317  83,863  96,180  35,592  Milwaukee  15  964  -  13,189  32,071  10,806  13,158  42,908  56,066  37,262  Louisville  15  913  -  23,563  46,108  8,936  23,562  55,045  78,607  21,323  Jacksonville  15  922  -  14,454  47,415  13,294  14,503  60,660  75,163  38,156  Birmingham  15  606  -  6,316  25,567  15,119  6,204  40,798  47,002  30,303  Richmond  15  768  -  20,979  52,239  6,712  20,784  59,146  79,930  24,763  Greensboro  14  845  -  13,413  35,326  15,088  15,502  48,325  63,827  31,488  Charleston  14  978  -  16,947  56,793  23,215  17,923  79,032  96,955  33,383  Fort Myers/Naples  15  1,148  -  32,185  95,517  8,105  32,420  103,387  135,807  26,587  Chattanooga  13  846  -  10,030  45,578  8,613  9,832  54,389  64,221  19,596  Savannah  12  700  -  33,094  42,465  5,698  31,766  49,491  81,257  23,012  Greensville/Spartanburg/Asheville  14  842  -  10,815  50,364  11,111  11,744  60,546  72,290  25,378  Honolulu  11  807  -  54,184  106,299  21,266  55,101  126,648  181,749  78,924  Hartford/New Haven  11  693  -  6,778  19,959  22,898  8,443  41,192  49,635  35,980  New Orleans  11  772  -  13,372  59,382  9,197  13,540  68,411  81,951  31,527  Salt Lake City  12  758  -  18,606  37,739  6,242  18,255  44,332  62,587  17,354  Memphis  11  645  -  19,581  29,852  11,269  20,934  39,768  60,702  25,156  Mobile  15  759  -  18,688  45,137  6,859  18,515  52,169  70,684  17,238  Omaha  11  940  -  17,965  69,085  4,785  17,965  73,870  91,835  10,254  Buffalo/Rochester  9  462  -  6,785  17,954  4,328  6,783  22,284  29,067  16,267  Cleveland/Akron  10  631  -  5,916  30,775  6,213  6,309  36,595  42,904  14,890  Augusta  9  503  -  9,397  24,669  4,817  9,397  29,486  38,883  9,188  Reno  7  559  -  5,487  18,704  5,353  5,487  24,057  29,544  14,450  Tucson  7  439  -  9,403  25,491  8,779  9,884  33,789  43,673  23,192  Wichita  7  433  -  2,017  6,691  7,767  2,130  14,345  16,475  12,642  Monterey/Salinas  7  329  -  8,465  24,151  7,729  8,455  31,890  40,345  24,998  Boise  6  545  -  13,412  55,496  1,211  13,412  56,707  70,119  3,802  Evansville  5  326  -  2,340  14,316  1,567  2,312  15,911  18,223  5,593  Dayton  5  284  -  1,074  8,975  4,981  1,073  13,957  15,030  8,290  Huntsville/Decatur  5  298  -  9,161  13,481  3,561  9,108  17,095  26,203  7,163  Fort Wayne  4  271  -  3,487  11,003  3,610  3,487  14,613  18,100  6,611  Roanoke  4  223  -  5,093  18,091  1,080  5,093  19,171  24,264  4,645  Palm Springs  3  242  -  8,309  18,065  2,979  8,309  21,044  29,353  13,108  Providence  3  155  -  995  11,206  3,191  995  14,397  15,392  7,928  Shreveport  2  150  -  817  3,030  3,056  741  6,162  6,903  5,088  Springfield/Holyoke  2  144  -  1,428  3,380  1,999  1,427  5,380  6,807  5,243  Initial Cost  Gross Carrying Amount At December 31, 2022  Description  No. of  Facilities  Net  Rentable  Square Feet  2022  Encum-  brances  Land  Buildings &amp;  Improvements  Costs  Subsequent  to Acquisition  Land  Buildings  Total  Accumulated  Depreciation   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## PUBLIC STORAGE SCHEDULE III - REAL ESTATE AND ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION

(Amounts in thousands, except number of properties)

| Rochester  2  99  -  1,047  2,246  2,483  980  4,796  5,776  4,354  Santa Barbara  2  98  -  5,733  9,106  1,133  5,733  10,239  15,972  6,674  Topeka  2  94  -  225  1,419  2,136  225  3,555  3,780  3,279  Lansing  2  88  -  556  2,882  996  556  3,878  4,434  2,791  Flint  1  56  -  543  3,068  275  542  3,344  3,886  2,252  Joplin  1  56  -  264  904  1,046  264  1,950  2,214  1,708  Syracuse  1  55  -  545  1,279  906  545  2,185  2,730  2,097  Modesto/Fresno/Stockton  1  33  -  44  206  1,344  193  1,401  1,594  1,060  Commercial and non-operating  real estate  -  13,194  26,143  78,824  13,349  104,812  118,161  53,952  2,869  204,217  $  10,092  $  5,196,649  $  14,907,072  $  4,115,405  $  5,273,073  $  18,946,053  $  24,219,126  $  8,554,155  Initial Cost  Gross Carrying Amount At December 31, 2022  Description  No. of  Facilities  Net  Rentable  Square Feet  2022  Encum-  brances  Land  Buildings &amp;  Improvements  Costs  Subsequent  to Acquisition  Land  Buildings  Total  Accumulated  Depreciation   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Buildings and improvements are depreciated on a straight-line basis over estimated useful lives ranging generally between 5 to 25 years. In addition, disclosures of the number and square footage of our facilities are unaudited.

## PUBLIC STORAGE

## RESTATED DECLARATION OF TRUST 1

## ARTICLE I FORMATION

Public Storage (the 'Trust') is a real estate investment trust within the meaning of the Maryland REIT Law. The Trust shall not be deemed to be a general partnership, limited partnership, joint venture, joint stock company or a corporation (but nothing herein shall preclude the Trust from being treated for tax purposes as an association under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 'Code')).

## ARTICLE II NAME

The name of the Trust is: Public Storage.

The Board of Trustees of the Trust (the 'Board of Trustees' or 'Board') may change the name of the Trust without approval of the shareholders.

## ARTICLE III PURPOSES AND POWERS

Section 3.1 Purposes. The purposes for which the Trust is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity, including, without limitation or obligation, to invest in and to acquire, hold, manage, administer, control and dispose of property (including mortgages) including, without limitation or obligation, engaging in business as a real estate investment trust ('REIT') under the Code.

Section 3.2 Powers. The Trust shall have all of the powers granted to real estate investment trusts by the Maryland REIT Law and all other powers set forth in the Declaration of Trust that are not inconsistent with law and are appropriate to promote and attain the purposes set forth in the Declaration of Trust.

## ARTICLE IV RESIDENT AGENT

The name of the resident agent of the Trust in the State of Maryland is The Corporation Trust Incorporated, whose post office address is 2405 York Road, Suite 201, Lutherville Timonium, Maryland 12093. The resident agent is a Maryland corporation. The Trust may have such offices or places of business within or outside the State of Maryland as the Board of Trustees may from time to time determine.

## ARTICLE V BOARD OF TRUSTEES

Section 5.1 Powers. Subject to any express limitations contained in the Declaration of Trust or in the Bylaws, (a) the business and affairs of the Trust shall be managed under the direction of the Board of Trustees and (b) the Board shall have full, exclusive and absolute power, control and authority over any and all property of the Trust. The Board may take any action as in its sole judgment and discretion is necessary or appropriate to conduct the business and affairs of the Trust. The Declaration of Trust shall be construed with the presumption in favor of the grant of power and authority to the Board. Any construction of the Declaration of Trust or determination made in good faith by the Board concerning its powers and authority hereunder shall be conclusive. The enumeration and definition of particular powers of the Trustees included in the Declaration of Trust or in the Bylaws shall in no way be limited or restricted by reference to or inference from the terms of this or any other provision of the Declaration of Trust or the Bylaws or construed or deemed by inference or otherwise in any manner to exclude or limit the powers conferred upon the Board or the Trustees under the general laws of the State of Maryland or any other applicable laws.

1 This Restated Declaration of Trust is a composite Declaration of Trust and reflects the amendments to (i) Article VIII, Section 8.2(b) of the Declaration of Trust filed with the State of Maryland on April 28, 2021 and (ii) Article X, Section 10.3 of the Declaration of Trust filed with the State of Maryland on April 29, 2022.

The Board shall have the authority to cause the Trust to elect to qualify for federal income tax treatment as a REIT. Following such election, if the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Trust to continue to be qualified as a REIT, the Board may revoke or otherwise terminate the Trust's REIT election pursuant to Section 856(g) of the Code.

The Board, without any action by the shareholders of the Trust, shall have and may exercise, on behalf of the Trust, without limitation, the power to determine that compliance with any restriction or limitations on ownership and transfers of shares of the Trust's beneficial interest set forth in Article VII of the Declaration of Trust is no longer required in order for the Trust to qualify as a REIT; to adopt Bylaws of the Trust, which may thereafter be amended or repealed as provided therein; to elect officers in the manner prescribed in the Bylaws; to solicit proxies from holders of shares of beneficial interest of the Trust; and to do any other acts and deliver any other documents necessary or appropriate to the foregoing powers.

Section 5.2 Number. The number of Trustees (hereinafter the 'Trustees') is currently set at ten (10), but may hereafter be increased to a maximum of fifteen (15) or decreased to not fewer than three (3) pursuant to the Bylaws. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if for any reason any or all of the Trustees cease to be Trustees, such event shall not terminate the Trust or affect the Declaration of Trust or the powers of the remaining Trustees. The Trustees may increase the number of Trustees and fill any vacancy, whether resulting from an increase in the number of Trustees or otherwise, on the Board of Trustees. Election of Trustees by shareholders shall require the vote and be in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Bylaws.

It shall not be necessary to list in the Declaration of Trust the names and addresses of any Trustees hereinafter elected.

Section 5.3 Resignation or Removal. Any Trustee may resign by written notice to the Board, effective upon execution and delivery to the Trust of such written notice or upon any future date specified in the notice. Subject to the rights of holders of one or more classes or series of Preferred Shares, as hereinafter defined, to elect one or more Trustees, a Trustee may be removed at any time, but only with cause, at a meeting of the shareholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two thirds of the Shares then outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of Trustees.

Section 5.4 Term. The Trustees shall be elected at each annual meeting of the Shareholders and shall serve until the next annual meeting of the Shareholders and until their successors are duly elected and qualified.

Section 5.5 Determinations by Board. The determination as to any of the following matters, made in good faith by or pursuant to the direction of the Board of Trustees consistent with the Declaration of Trust, shall be final and conclusive and shall be binding upon the Trust and every holder of Shares: the amount of the net income of the Trust for any period and the amount of assets at any time legally available for the payment of dividends, redemption of Shares or the payment of other distributions on Shares; the amount of paid-in surplus, net assets, other surplus, annual or other cash flow, funds from operations, net profit, net assets in excess of capital, undivided profits or excess of profits over losses on sales of assets; the amount, purpose, time of creation, increase or decrease, alteration or cancellation of any reserves or charges and the propriety thereof (whether or not any obligation or liability for which such reserves or charges shall have been created shall have been paid or discharged); any interpretation of the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers or rights, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption of any class or series of Shares; the fair value, or any sale, bid or asked price to be applied in determining the fair value, of any asset owned or held by the Trust or of any Shares; the number of Shares of any class of the Trust; any matter relating to the acquisition, holding and disposition of any assets by the Trust; or any other matter relating to the business and affairs of the Trust or required or permitted by applicable law, the Declaration of Trust or Bylaws or otherwise to be determined by the Board of Trustees.

## ARTICLE VI SHARES OF BENEFICIAL INTEREST

Section 6.1 Authorized Shares. The beneficial interest of the Trust shall be divided into shares of beneficial interest (the 'Shares'). The total number of Shares of all classes that the Trust has authority to issue is 850,000,000, of which 650,000,000 Shares are initially classified as common shares of beneficial interest, $0.10 par value per share ('Common Shares'), 100,000,000 Shares are initially classified as equity shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share ('Equity Shares'), and 100,000,000 Shares are initially classified as preferred shares of beneficial interest, $0.01 par value per share ('Preferred Shares'). The Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any unissued Shares of any class or series of shares of beneficial interest into Shares of another class or series of shares of beneficial interest. If shares of one class are classified or reclassified into shares of another class of shares pursuant to this Article VI, the number of authorized shares of the former class shall be automatically decreased and the number of shares of the latter class shall be automatically increased, in each case by the number of shares so classified or reclassified, so that the aggregate number of shares of beneficial interest of all classes that the Trust has authority to issue shall not be more than the total number of shares of beneficial interest set forth in the second sentence of this paragraph.

Section 6.2 Common Shares. Subject to the provisions of Article VII, each Common Share shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on each matter upon which holders of Common Shares are entitled to vote.

Section 6.3. Equity Shares. The Board of Trustees may classify any unissued Equity Shares and reclassify any previously classified but unissued Equity Shares of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of common shares, equity shares or preferred shares.

Section 6.4 Preferred Shares. The Board of Trustees may classify any unissued Preferred Shares and reclassify any previously classified but unissued Preferred Shares of any series from time to time, into one or more classes or series of common shares, equity shares or preferred shares.

Section 6.5 Classified or Reclassified Shares. Prior to issuance of any Shares classified or reclassified, the Board of Trustees by resolution shall: (a) designate that class or series to distinguish it from all other classes and series of Shares; (b) specify the number of Shares to be included in the class or series; (c) set, subject to the provisions of Article VII and subject to the express terms of any class or series of Shares outstanding at the time, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms and conditions of redemption for each class or series; and (d) cause the Trust to file articles supplementary with the Maryland State Department of Assessments and Taxation (the 'SDAT'). Any of the terms of any class or series of Shares set pursuant to clause (c) of this Section 6.5 may be made dependent upon facts ascertainable outside the Declaration of Trust (including the occurrence of any event, including a determination or action by the Trust or any other person or body) and may vary among holders thereof, provided that the manner in which such facts or variations shall operate upon the terms of such class or series of Shares is clearly and expressly set forth in the articles supplementary filed with the SDAT.

Section 6.6 Dividends and Distributions. The Board of Trustees may from time to time authorize and the Trust shall declare to shareholders such dividends or distributions in cash or other assets of the Trust or in securities of the Trust or from another source as the Board of Trustees in its discretion shall determine. The Board of Trustees shall endeavor to authorize, and the Trust shall declare and pay, such dividends and distributions as shall be necessary for the Trust to qualify as a REIT under the Code; however, shareholders shall have no right to any dividend or distribution unless and until authorized by the Board and declared and publicly disclosed by the Trust. The exercise of the powers and rights of the Board of Trustees pursuant to this Section 6.6 shall be subject to the preferences of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding.

Section 6.7 Transferable Shares; Preferential Dividends. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Declaration of Trust, no determination shall be made by the Board of Trustees nor shall any transaction be entered into by the Trust that would cause any Shares or other beneficial interest in the Trust not to constitute 'transferable shares' or 'transferable certificates of beneficial interest' under Section 856(a)(2) of the Code or that would cause any distribution to constitute a preferential dividend as described in Section 562(c) of the Code.

Section 6.8 General Nature of Shares. All Shares shall be personal property entitling the shareholders only to those rights provided in the Declaration of Trust. The shareholders shall have no interest in the property of the Trust

and shall have no right to compel any partition, division, dividend or distribution of the Trust or of the property of the Trust. The death of a shareholder shall not terminate the Trust. The Trust is entitled to treat as shareholders only those persons in whose names Shares are registered as holders of Shares on the share ledger of the Trust.

Section 6.9 Fractional Shares. The Trust may, without the consent or approval of any shareholder, issue fractional Shares, eliminate a fraction of a Share by rounding up or down to a full Share, arrange for the disposition of a fraction of a Share by the person entitled to it, or pay cash for the fair value of a fraction of a Share.

Section 6.10 Divisions and Combinations of Shares. Subject to an express provision to the contrary in the terms of any class or series of beneficial interest hereafter authorized, the Board of Trustees shall have the power to divide or combine the outstanding shares of any class or series of beneficial interest, without a vote of shareholders.

Section 6.11 Declaration of Trust and Bylaws. All persons who shall acquire a Share shall acquire the same subject to the provisions of the Declaration of Trust and the Bylaws.

## ARTICLE VII RESTRICTION ON TRANSFER AND OWNERSHIP OF SHARES

Section 7.1 Definitions. For the purpose of this Article VII, the following terms shall have the following meanings:

Beneficial Ownership. The term 'Beneficial Ownership' shall mean ownership of Shares by a Person, whether the interest in Shares is held directly or indirectly (including by a nominee), and shall include interests that would be treated as owned through the application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Sections 856(h)(1)(B) and 856(h)(3) of the Code. The terms 'Beneficial Owner,' 'Beneficially Owns' and 'Beneficially Owned' shall have the correlative meanings.

Business Day. The term 'Business Day' shall mean any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized or required by law, regulation or executive order to close.

Charitable Beneficiary. The term 'Charitable Beneficiary' shall mean one or more beneficiaries of the Charitable Trust as determined pursuant to Section 7.3.7, provided that each such organization must be described in Sections 501(c)(3), 170(b)(1)(A) and 170(c)(2) of the Code.

Charitable Trust. The term 'Charitable Trust' shall mean any trust provided for in Section 7.2.1(b)(i) and Section 7.3.1.

Charitable Trustee. The term 'Charitable Trustee' shall mean the Person unaffiliated with the Trust and a Prohibited Owner, that is appointed by the Trust to serve as trustee of the Charitable Trust.

Code. The term 'Code' shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time.

Declaration of Trust. The term 'Declaration of Trust' shall mean this Declaration of Trust as filed for record with the SDAT, and any amendments and supplements thereto.

Designated Investment Entity. The term 'Designated Investment Entity' shall mean either (i) a pension trust that qualifies for look-through treatment under Section 856(h) of the Code, (ii) an entity that qualifies as a regulated investment company under Section 851 of the Code, or (iii) a Qualified Investment Manager; provided that each beneficial owner of such entity, or in the case of a Qualified Investment Manager holding Shares solely for the benefit of its customers, each such customer, would satisfy the Ownership Limit if such beneficial owner owned directly its proportionate share of the Shares that are held by such Designated Investment Entity.

Designated Investment Entity Limit. The term 'Designated Investment Entity Limit' shall mean (i) with respect to any class or series of Common Shares, 9.9% (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Common Shares of the Trust; and (ii) with respect to any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, 100% of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, of the Trust.

Excepted Holder. The term 'Excepted Holder' shall mean B. Wayne Hughes, Tamara Hughes Gustavson, B. Wayne Hughes Jr., each of their respective spouses, children (and their respective spouses), and grandchildren (and their respective spouses) (such individuals being referred to as 'Hughes Family Members'), any Person who is or would be a Beneficial Owner of Common Shares as a result of the Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares by any Hughes Family Member, B.W. Hughes Living Trust, B. Wayne Hughes 5-04 Annuity Trust, B. Wayne Hughes 6-04 Annuity Trust, B. Wayne Hughes 9-05 Annuity Trust, American Commercial Equities, LLC, and American Commercial Equities Two, LLC, and any Person whose Beneficial Ownership of Common Shares would cause a Hughes Family Member to be considered the Beneficial Owner of such Common Shares (Excepted Holder status shall apply to Persons in this final category solely to the extent of the deemed Beneficial Ownership held by such Hughes Family Members) (collectively, the 'Excepted Holders').

Excepted Holder Limit. The term 'Excepted Holder Limit' shall mean as follows:

(1) With respect to any class or series of Common Shares, no Excepted Holder shall be permitted to Beneficially Own any class or series of Common Shares to the extent that, as a result of such Beneficial Ownership:

(A) any single Excepted Holder who is considered an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 35.66% of the outstanding shares of any such class or series;

(B) any two Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 38.66% of the outstanding shares of any such class or series;

(C) any three Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 41.66% of the outstanding shares of any such class or series;

(D) any four Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 44.66% of the outstanding shares of any such class or series; or

(E) any five Excepted Holders who are considered individuals for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code would be considered to Beneficially Own more than 47.66% of the outstanding shares of any such class or series.

(2) With respect to any class or series of Equity Shares, the Excepted Holder Limit shall mean 15% of the outstanding shares of any such class or series.

(3) In applying this definition, the percentages of ownership of shares of any class or series shall be based on the number or value of the shares, whichever is more restrictive, as determined for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) and Section 856(a) of the Code.

Exemption. The term 'Exemption' shall mean an exemption from the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as the case may be, as granted by the Board pursuant to Section 7.2.7.

Initial Date. The term 'Initial Date' shall mean the effective date of the Maryland Merger.

Market Price. The term 'Market Price' on any date shall mean, with respect to any class or series of outstanding Shares, the Closing Price for such Shares on such date. The 'Closing Price' on any date shall mean the last sale price for such Shares, regular way, or, in case no such sale takes place on such day, the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for such Shares, in either case as reported in the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE or, if such Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on the NYSE, as reported on the principal consolidated transaction reporting system with respect to securities listed on the principal national securities exchange on which such Shares are listed or admitted to trading or, if such Shares are not listed or admitted to trading on any national securities exchange, the last quoted price, or, if not so quoted, the average of the high bid and low asked prices in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotation System or, if such system is no longer in use, the principal other automated quotation system that may then be in use or, if such Shares are not quoted by any such organization, the average of the closing bid and asked prices as furnished by a professional market maker making a market in such Shares selected by the Board of Trustees or, in the event that no

trading price is available for such Shares, the fair market value of Shares, as determined in good faith by the Board of Trustees.

Maryland Merger. The term 'Maryland Merger' shall mean the merger of Public Storage, Inc., a California corporation, with and into the Trust.

NYSE. The term 'NYSE' shall mean The New York Stock Exchange.

Ownership Limit. The term 'Ownership Limit' shall mean (i) with respect to any class or series of Common Shares, 3% (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Common Shares of the Trust; and (ii) with respect to any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, 9.9% (in value or number of Shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares, as the case may be, of the Trust.

Person. The term 'Person' shall mean an individual, corporation, partnership, estate, trust (including a trust qualified under Sections 401(a) or 501(c)(17) of the Code), a portion of a trust permanently set aside for or to be used exclusively for the purposes described in Section 642(c) of the Code, association, private foundation within the meaning of Section 509(a) of the Code, joint stock company or other entity.

Prohibited Owner. The term 'Prohibited Owner' shall mean, with respect to any purported Transfer, any Person who, but for the provisions of Section 7.2.1, would Beneficially Own Shares, and if appropriate in the context, shall also mean any Person who would have been the record owner of Shares that the Prohibited Owner would have so owned.

Qualified Investment Manager. The term 'Qualified Investment Manager' shall mean an entity (i) who for compensation engages in the business of advising others as to the value of securities or as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities; (ii) who purchases securities in the ordinary course of its business and not with the purpose or effect of changing or influencing control of the Trust, nor in connection with or as a participant in any transaction having such purpose or effect, including any transaction subject to Rule 13d-3(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'); and (iii) who has or shares voting power and investment power within the meaning of Rule 13d-3(a) under the Exchange Act. A Qualified Investment Manager shall be deemed to beneficially own all Common Shares beneficially owned by each of its affiliates, after application of the beneficial ownership rules under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, provided such affiliate meets the requirements set forth in the preceding clause (ii).

REIT. The term 'REIT' shall mean a real estate investment trust within the meaning of Section 856 of the Code.

Restriction Termination Date. The term 'Restriction Termination Date' shall mean the first day after the Initial Date on which the Board determines that it is no longer in the best interests of the Trust to attempt to, or continue to, qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions and limitations on Beneficial Ownership and Transfers of Shares set forth herein is no longer required in order for the Trust to qualify as a REIT.

## SDAT. The term 'SDAT' shall mean the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland.

Transfer. The term 'Transfer' shall mean any issuance, sale, transfer, gift, assignment, devise or other disposition, as well as any other event that causes any Person to acquire Beneficial Ownership or any agreement to take any such actions or cause any such events, of Shares or the right to vote or receive dividends or distributions on Shares, including (a) a change in the capital structure of the Trust, (b) a change in the relationship between two or more Persons which causes a change in ownership of Shares by application of Section 544 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h) of the Code, (c) the granting or exercise of any option or warrant (or any disposition of any option or warrant), pledge, security interest, or similar right to acquire Shares, (d) any disposition of any securities or rights convertible into or exchangeable for Shares or any interest in Shares or any exercise of any such conversion or exchange right and (e) Transfers of interests in other entities that result in changes in Beneficial Ownership of Shares; in each case, whether voluntary or involuntary, whether owned of record, Beneficially Owned and whether by operation of law or otherwise. The terms 'Transferring' and 'Transferred' shall have the correlative meanings.

## Section 7.2 Shares.

Section 7.2.1 Ownership Limitations. During the period commencing on the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date:

## (a) Basic Restrictions.

(i) (1) No Person shall Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Common Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit, other than: (A) an Excepted Holder, which shall not Beneficially Own Common Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder, (B) a Designated Investment Entity, which shall not Beneficially Own Common Shares in excess of the Designated Investment Entity Limit, and (C) a Person that complies with an Exemption, which Person shall not Beneficially Own Common Shares in excess of the ownership permitted by such Exemption.

(2) No Person shall Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit, other than (A) an Excepted Holder, which shall not Beneficially Own Equity Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder, (B) a Designated Investment Entity, which shall not Beneficially Own Preferred Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the Designated Investment Entity Limit, and (C) a Person that complies with an Exemption, which Person shall not Beneficially Own Preferred Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the ownership permitted by such Exemption.

Notwithstanding the above subparagraph 7.2.1(a)(i)(1) and (2), no Person shall be deemed to exceed the Ownership Limit set forth in subparagraph 7.2.1(a)(i) (1) and (2) solely by reason of the Beneficial Ownership of Shares to the extent that such Shares were Beneficially Owned by such Person on the effective date of the 1995 merger of Public Storage Management, Inc., with and into Storage Equities, Inc. (then renamed, Public Storage, Inc.); provided,  however, that the Beneficial Ownership of any such Shares shall be taken into account in determining whether any subsequent Transfer or other event violates subparagraph 7.2.1(a)(i).

(ii) No Person shall Beneficially Own Shares to the extent that (1) such Beneficial Ownership of Shares would result in the Trust being 'closely held' within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of a taxable year), or (2) such Beneficial Ownership of Shares would result in the Trust otherwise failing to qualify as a REIT.

(iii) No Person shall Transfer any Shares if, as a result of the Transfer, the Shares would be beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined without reference to the rules of attribution under Section 544 of the Code). Any Transfer of Shares that, if effective, would result in Shares being beneficially owned by less than 100 Persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code) shall be void ab initio, and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such Shares.

(b) Transfer in Trust. If any Transfer of Shares occurs which, if effective, would result in any Person Beneficially Owning Shares in violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii),

(i) then that number of Shares the Beneficial Ownership of which otherwise would cause such Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) (rounded up to the nearest whole Share) shall be automatically transferred to a Charitable Trust for the benefit of a Charitable Beneficiary, as described in Section 7.3, effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the date of such Transfer, and such Person shall acquire no rights in such Shares; or

(ii) if the transfer to the Charitable Trust described in clause (i) of this sentence would not be effective for any reason to prevent the violation of Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii), then the Transfer of that number of Shares that otherwise would cause any Person to violate Section 7.2.1(a)(i) or (ii) shall be void ab initio, and the intended transferee shall acquire no rights in such Shares.

Section 7.2.2 Remedies for Breach. If the Board or any duly authorized committee thereof shall at any time determine in good faith that a Transfer or other event has taken place that results in a violation of Section 7.2.1 or that a Person intends to acquire or has attempted to acquire Beneficial Ownership of any Shares in violation of Section 7.2.1 (whether or not such violation is intended), the Board or a committee thereof shall be empowered to take such action as it deems advisable to refuse to give effect to or to prevent such Transfer or other event,

including, without limitation, causing the Trust to redeem Shares, refusing to give effect to such Transfer on the books of the Trust or instituting proceedings to enjoin such Transfer or other event; provided,  however, that any Transfer or attempted Transfer or other event in violation of Section 7.2.1 shall automatically result in the transfer to the Charitable Trust described above, and, where applicable, such Transfer (or other event) shall be void ab initio as provided above irrespective of any action (or non-action) by the Board or a committee thereof.

Section 7.2.3 Notice of Restricted Transfer. Any Person who acquires, or attempts or intends to acquire, Beneficial Ownership of Shares that will or may violate Section 7.2.1(a), or any Person who would have owned Shares that resulted in a transfer to the Charitable Trust pursuant to the provisions of Section 7.2.1(b), shall immediately give written notice to the Trust of such event, or in the case of such a proposed or attempted transaction, shall give at least 15 days prior written notice, and shall provide to the Trust such other information as the Trust may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such acquisition or ownership on the Trust's status as a REIT.

Section 7.2.4 Owners Required To Provide Information. From the Initial Date and prior to the Restriction Termination Date:

(a) Every owner of more than 5% (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder) of the outstanding Shares, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, shall give written notice to the Trust stating the name and address of such owner, the number of Shares Beneficially Owned and a description of the manner in which such Shares are held; provided, that a shareholder of record who holds outstanding Shares as nominee for another Person, which other Person is required to include in gross income the dividends or distributions received on such Shares (an 'Actual Owner'), shall give written notice to the Trust stating the name and address of such Actual Owner and the number of Shares of such Actual Owner with respect to which the shareholder of record is nominee.

(b) Each Person who is a Beneficial Owner of Shares and each Person (including the shareholder of record) who is holding Shares for a Beneficial Owner shall provide to the Trust such information as the Trust may request, in good faith, including any information regarding such Person's qualification as a Designated Investment Entity, in order to determine the Trust's status as a REIT and to comply with requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance.

(c) Each owner and Beneficial Owner shall provide to the Trust such information as the Trust may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of such ownership or Beneficial Ownership on the Trust's status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the Ownership Limit, Excepted Holder Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit.

Section 7.2.5 Remedies Not Limited. Subject to Sections 5.1 and 7.4 of the Declaration of Trust, nothing contained in this Section 7.2 shall limit the authority of the Board to take such other action as it deems necessary or advisable to protect the Trust and the interests of its shareholders in preserving the Trust's status as a REIT.

Section 7.2.6 Ambiguity. In the case of an ambiguity in the application of any of the provisions of this Section 7.2, Section 7.3 or any definition contained in Section 7.1, the Board shall have the power to determine the application of the provisions of this Section 7.2 or Section 7.3 with respect to any situation based on the facts known to it. If Section 7.2 or 7.3 requires an action by the Board and the Declaration of Trust fails to provide specific guidance with respect to such action, the Board shall have the power to determine the action to be taken so long as such action is not contrary to the provisions of Sections 7.1, 7.2 or 7.3.

## Section 7.2.7 Exemptions from the Ownership Limit.

(a) The Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, exempt a Person from the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit if: (i) such Person submits to the Board information satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, demonstrating that such Person is not an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined taking into account Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code); (ii) such Person submits to the Board information satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, relevant to demonstrating that no Person who is an individual for purposes of Section 542(a)(2) of the Code (determined taking into account Section 856(h)(3)(A) of the Code) would be considered to Beneficially Own Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit, Excepted Holder Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as applicable, by reason of such Person's ownership of Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as the case may be,

pursuant to the Exemption granted under this subparagraph (a); (iii) such Person submits to the Board information satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, relevant to demonstrating that clause (2) of subparagraph (a)(ii) of Section 7.2.1 will not be violated by reason of such Person's ownership of Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit pursuant to the Exemption granted under this subparagraph (a); and (iv) such Person provides to the Board such representations and undertakings, if any, as the Board may, in its sole and absolute discretion, require to ensure that the conditions in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof are satisfied and will continue to be satisfied throughout the period during which such Person owns Shares in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, as the case may be, pursuant to any Exemption thereto granted under this subparagraph (a), and such Person agrees that any violation of such representations and undertakings or any attempted violation thereof will result in the application of the remedies set forth in Section 7.2 with respect to Shares held in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit with respect to such Person (determined without regard to the Exemption granted such Person under this subparagraph (a)).

(b) Prior to granting any Exemption pursuant to subparagraph (a), the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, may require a ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Trust's status as a REIT; provided,  however, that the Board shall not be obligated to require obtaining a favorable ruling or opinion in order to grant an Exemption hereunder.

(c) Subject to Section 7.2.1(a)(ii), an underwriter that participates in a public offering or a private placement of Shares (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) may Beneficially Own Shares (or securities convertible into or exchangeable for Shares) in excess of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit, but only to the extent necessary to facilitate such public offering or private placement.

(d) The Board may only reduce the Excepted Holder Limit for an Excepted Holder with the prior written consent of such Excepted Holder or the prior written consent of each of B. Wayne Hughes, Tamara Hughes Gustavson, and B. Wayne Hughes, Jr to the extent then living. No Excepted Holder Limit shall be reduced to a percentage that is less than the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit as applied to Common Shares.

(e) If a member of the Board requests that the Board grant an Exemption to the Ownership Limit with respect to such member or with respect to any other Person if such Board member would be considered to be the Beneficial Owner of Shares owned by such Person, such member of the Board shall not participate in the decision of the Board as to whether to grant any such Exemption.

Section 7.2.8 Increase in Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit. The Board may increase the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit subject to the limitations provided in this Section 7.2.8.

(a) The Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit may not be increased if, after giving effect to such increase, five Persons who are considered individuals pursuant to Section 542 of the Code, as modified by Section 856(h)(3) of the Code (taking into account all of the Excepted Holders), could Beneficially Own, in the aggregate, more than 49% of the value of the outstanding Shares.

(b) Prior to the modification of the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit pursuant to this Section 7.2.8, the Board, in its sole and absolute discretion, may require such opinions of counsel, affidavits, undertakings or agreements as it may deem necessary or advisable in order to determine or ensure the Trust's status as a REIT if the modification in the Ownership Limit or Designated Investment Entity Limit were to be made.

Section 7.2.9 Legend. Each certificate for Shares shall bear substantially the following legend:

The shares represented by this certificate are subject to restrictions on Beneficial Ownership and Transfer. Subject to certain further restrictions and except as expressly provided in the Trust's Declaration of Trust,

(i) no Person may Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Common Shares of the Trust in excess of 3% (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series, other than (A) an Excepted Holder, (B) a Designated Investment Entity or (C) a Person granted an Exemption;

(ii) no Person may Beneficially Own shares of any class or series of Preferred Shares or Equity Shares of the Trust in excess of 9.9% (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series, as the case may be, other than (A) an Excepted Holder (with respect to Equity Shares), (B) a Designated Investment Entity or (C) a Person granted an Exemption;

(iii) no Excepted Holder may Beneficially Own any class or series of Common Shares or Equity Shares in excess of the Excepted Holder Limit for such Excepted Holder, as set forth in the Trust's Declaration of Trust;

(iv) no Designated Investment Entity may Beneficially Own any class or series of Common Shares of the Trust in excess of 9.9% (in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive) of the outstanding shares of such class or series;

(v) no Person may Beneficially Own Shares that would result in the Trust being 'closely held' under Section 856(h) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the 'Code') or otherwise cause the Trust to fail to qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Code; and

(vi) no Person may Transfer Shares if such Transfer would result in Shares of the Trust being owned by fewer than 100 Persons.

Any Person who Beneficially Owns or attempts to Beneficially Own Shares which cause or will cause a Person to Beneficially Own Shares in excess or in violation of the limitations set forth in the Trust's Declaration of Trust must immediately notify the Trust. If any of the restrictions on transfer or ownership are violated, the Shares represented hereby will be automatically transferred to a Charitable Trustee of a Charitable Trust for the benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, attempted Transfers in violation of the restrictions described above may be void ab initio. A Person who attempts to Beneficially Own Shares in violation of the ownership limitations described above shall have no claim, cause of action, or any recourse whatsoever against a transferor of such Shares. All capitalized terms in this legend have the meanings defined in the Trust's Declaration of Trust, as the same may be amended from time to time, a copy of which, including the restrictions on transfer and ownership, will be furnished to each holder of Shares of the Trust on request and without charge.

Instead of the foregoing legend, the certificate may state that the Trust will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transferability to a shareholder on request and without charge.

## Section 7.3 Transfer of Shares to the Charitable Trust.

Section 7.3.1 Ownership by the Charitable Trust. Upon any purported Transfer or other event described in Section 7.2.1(b) that would result in a transfer of Shares to a Charitable Trust, such Shares shall be deemed to have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee as trustee of a Charitable Trust for the exclusive benefit of one or more Charitable Beneficiaries. Such transfer to the Charitable Trustee shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the Business Day prior to the purported Transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the Charitable Trust pursuant to Section 7.2.1(b). The Charitable Trustee shall be appointed by the Trust and shall be a Person unaffiliated with the Trust and any Prohibited Owner. Each Charitable Beneficiary shall be designated by the Trust as provided in Section 7.3.7.

Section 7.3.2 Status of Shares Held by the Charitable Trustee. Shares held by the Charitable Trustee shall be issued and outstanding Shares of the Trust. The Prohibited Owner shall have no rights in the Shares held by the Charitable Trustee. The Prohibited Owner shall not benefit economically from ownership of any Shares held in trust by the Charitable Trustee, shall have no rights to dividends or other distributions and shall not possess any rights to vote or other rights attributable to the Shares held in the Charitable Trust. The Prohibited Owner shall have no claim, cause of action, or any other recourse whatsoever against the purported transferor of such Shares.

Section 7.3.3 Dividend and Voting Rights. The Charitable Trustee shall have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to Shares held in the Charitable Trust, which rights shall be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee shall be paid with respect to such Shares to the Charitable Trustee upon demand and any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid shall be paid when due to the Charitable Trustee. Any dividends or distributions so paid over to the Charitable Trustee shall be held in trust for the Charitable Beneficiary. The Prohibited Owner shall have no voting rights with respect to Shares held in

the Charitable Trust and, subject to Maryland law, effective as of the date that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee, the Charitable Trustee shall have the authority (at the Charitable Trustee's sole discretion) (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by a Prohibited Owner prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee and (ii) to recast such vote in accordance with the desires of the Charitable Trustee acting for the benefit of the Charitable Beneficiary; provided,  however, that if the Trust has already taken irreversible action, then the Charitable Trustee shall not have the power to rescind and recast such vote. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Article VII, until the Trust has received notification that Shares have been transferred into a Charitable Trust, the Trust shall be entitled to rely on its share transfer and other shareholder records for purposes of preparing lists of shareholders entitled to vote at meetings, determining the validity and authority of proxies and otherwise conducting votes of shareholders.

Section 7.3.4 Rights Upon Liquidation. Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of or any distribution of the assets of the Trust, the Charitable Trustee shall be entitled to receive, ratably with each other holder of Shares of the class or series of Shares that is held in the Charitable Trust, that portion of the assets of the Trust available for distribution to the holders of such class or series (determined based upon the ratio that the number of Shares of such class or series of Shares held by the Charitable Trustee bears to the total number of Shares of such class or series of Shares then outstanding). The Charitable Trustee shall distribute any such assets received in respect of the Shares held in the Charitable Trust in any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of, or distribution of the assets of the Trust, in accordance with Section 7.3.5.

Section 7.3.5 Sale of Shares by Charitable Trustee. Within 20 days of receiving notice from the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trust, the Charitable Trustee of the Charitable Trust shall sell the Shares held in the Charitable Trust to a person, designated by the Charitable Trustee, whose ownership of the Shares will not violate the ownership limitations set forth in Section 7.2.1(a). Upon such sale, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the Shares sold shall terminate and the Charitable Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner and to the Charitable Beneficiary as provided in this Section 7.3.5. The Prohibited Owner shall receive the lesser of (1) the price paid by the Prohibited Owner for the Shares or, if the Prohibited Owner did not give value for the Shares in connection with the event causing the Shares to be held in the Charitable Trust ( e.g. , in the case of a gift, devise or other such transaction), the Market Price of the Shares on the day of the event causing the Shares to be held in the Charitable Trust and (2) the price per share received by the Charitable Trustee from the sale or other disposition of the Shares held in the Charitable Trust. Any net sales proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the Prohibited Owner shall be immediately paid to the Charitable Beneficiary. If, prior to the discovery by the Trust that Shares have been transferred to the Charitable Trustee, such Shares are sold by a Prohibited Owner, then (i) such Shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the Charitable Trust and (ii) to the extent that the Prohibited Owner received an amount for such Shares that exceeds the amount that such Prohibited Owner was entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 7.3.5, such excess shall be paid to the Charitable Trustee upon demand. Subject to Section 7.3.6, the Charitable Trustee shall have the right and power (but not the obligation) to offer any Share held in trust for sale to the Trust on such terms and conditions as the Charitable Trustee shall deem appropriate.

Section 7.3.6 Purchase Right in Shares Transferred to the Charitable Trustee. Shares transferred to the Charitable Trustee shall be deemed to have been offered for sale to the Trust, or its designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in such transfer to the Charitable Trust (or, in the case of a devise or gift, the Market Price at the time of such devise or gift) and (ii) the Market Price on the date the Trust, or its designee, accepts such offer. The Trust shall have the right to accept such offer until the Charitable Trustee has sold the Shares held in the Charitable Trust pursuant to Section 7.3.5. Upon such a sale to the Trust, the interest of the Charitable Beneficiary in the Shares sold shall terminate and the Charitable Trustee shall distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the Prohibited Owner.

Section 7.3.7 Designation of Charitable Beneficiaries. By written notice to the Charitable Trustee, the Trust shall designate one or more nonprofit organizations to be the Charitable Beneficiary of the interest in the Charitable Trust such that (i) Shares held in the Charitable Trust would not violate the restrictions set forth in Section 7.2.1(a) in the hands of such Charitable Beneficiary and (ii) each such organization must be described in Sections 501(c)(3), 170(b)(1)(A) or 170(c)(2) of the Code.

Section 7.4 NYSE Transactions. Nothing in this Article VII shall preclude the settlement of any transaction entered into through the facilities of the NYSE or any other national securities exchange or automated inter-dealer quotation system. The fact that the settlement of any transaction takes place shall not negate the effect of any other

provision of this Article VII and any transferee in such a transaction shall be subject to all of the provisions and limitations set forth in this Article VII.

Section 7.5 Enforcement. The Trust is authorized specifically to seek equitable relief, including injunctive relief, to enforce the provisions of this Article VII.

Section 7.6 Non-Waiver. No delay or failure on the part of the Trust or the Board in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any right of the Trust or the Board, as the case may be, except to the extent specifically waived in writing.

## ARTICLE VIII SHAREHOLDERS

Section 8.1 Meetings. There shall be an annual meeting of the shareholders, to be held on proper notice at such time and location within or without the State of Maryland as shall be determined by or in the manner prescribed in the Bylaws, for the election of the Trustees, and for the transaction of any other business as may properly come before the meeting. Except as otherwise provided in the Declaration of Trust, special meetings of shareholders may be called in the manner provided in the Bylaws. Failure to hold an annual meeting does not affect the validity of any act otherwise taken by or on behalf of the Trust or affect the legal existence of the Trust.

## Section 8.2 Voting Rights.

(a) Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares then outstanding or as otherwise required by law, the shareholders shall be entitled to vote only on the following matters: (i) election of Trustees as provided in Section 5.2 and the removal of Trustees as provided in Section 5.3; (ii) amendment of the Declaration of Trust as provided in Article X; (iii) termination of the Trust as provided in Section 12.2; (iv) merger or consolidation of the Trust, or the sale or disposition of substantially all of the property of the Trust , as provided in Article XI; (v) such other matters with respect to which the Board of Trustees has adopted a resolution declaring that a proposed action is advisable and directing that the matter be submitted to the shareholders for approval or ratification; and (vi) such other matters as may be properly brought before a meeting by a shareholder pursuant to the Bylaws.

(b) Each outstanding share entitled to vote, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one vote on all matters presented to shareholders for a vote, including with respect to the election of Trustees. No shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes (i.e., cast for any one or more nominees a number of votes greater than the number of votes which such shareholder normally is entitled to cast).

(c) With the exception of the election and removal of Trustees in accordance with the Declaration and the Bylaws of the Trust and any matter as may be properly brought before a shareholder pursuant to the Bylaws and applicable laws, no action that would bind the Trust and the Trustees may be taken without the prior recommendation of the Trustees. Except with respect to the foregoing matters, no action taken by the shareholders at any meeting shall in any way bind the Board of Trustees.

## Section 8.3 Certain Rights of Stockholders.

(a) Except as may be provided by the Board of Trustees in setting the terms of classified or reclassified Shares pursuant to Section 6.5, no holder of Shares shall, as such holder, have any preemptive right to purchase or subscribe for any additional Shares of the Trust or any other security of the Trust which it may issue or sell.

(b) Shareholders of the Trust are not entitled to exercise the rights of objecting stockholders under Maryland law.

Section 8.4 Action by Shareholders without a Meeting. No action required or permitted to be taken by the shareholders may be taken without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent of the shareholders of the Trust.

Section 8.5 Control Share Acquisitions. Subtitle 7 of Title 3 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland shall not apply to any control share acquisition (as defined in such Subtitle 7) by

any Excepted Holder of the Trust as of the effective date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement or any present or future affiliate of any such Excepted Holder.

## ARTICLE IX LIABILITY LIMITATION, INDEMNIFICATION AND TRANSACTIONS WITH THE TRUST

Section 9.1 Limitation of Shareholder Liability. No shareholder shall be liable for any debt, claim, demand, judgment or obligation of any kind of, against or with respect to the Trust by reason of his being a shareholder, nor shall any shareholder be subject to any personal liability whatsoever, in tort, contract or otherwise, to any person in connection with the property or the affairs of the Trust by reason of his being a shareholder.

Section 9.2 Limitation of Trustee and Officer Liability. To the maximum extent that Maryland law in effect from time to time permits limitation of the liability of trustees and officers of a Maryland real estate investment trust or directors or officers of a Maryland corporation, no Trustee or officer of the Trust shall be liable to the Trust or to any shareholder for money damages, except to the extent that (a) the Trustee or officer actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property, or services actually received, or (b) a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the Trustee or officer is entered in a proceeding based on a finding in the proceeding that the Trustee's or officer's action or failure to act was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated in the proceeding. Neither the amendment nor repeal of this Section 9.2, nor the adoption or amendment of any other provision of the Declaration of Trust inconsistent with this Section 9.2, shall apply to or affect in any respect the applicability of the preceding sentence with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption.

Section 9.3 Indemnification. To the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law in effect from time to time, and in accordance with applicable provisions of the Bylaws, the Trust shall indemnify and advance expenses in accordance with Maryland law to (a) any present or former Trustee or officer (including any individual who, at the request of the Trust, serves or has served as a director, officer, partner, trustee, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or any other enterprise) against any claim or liability to which he or she may become subject by reason of service in such capacity, and (b) any present or former Trustee or officer who has been successful in the defense of a proceeding to which he or she was made a party by reason of service in such capacity, against reasonable expenses incurred by the Trustee or officer in connection with the proceeding and shall pay or reimburse, in advance of final disposition of the proceeding, such reasonable expenses. The Trust may, with the approval of its Board of Trustees, provide such indemnification or advancement of expenses to any present or former Trustee or officer who served a predecessor of the Trust, and to any employee or agent of the Trust or a predecessor of the Trust. Any amendment of this section shall be prospective only and shall not affect the applicability of this section with respect to any act or failure to act that occurred prior to such amendment.

Section 9.4 Transactions Between the Trust and its Trustees, Officers, Employees and Agents. Subject to any express restrictions in the Declaration of Trust or adopted by the Trustees in the Bylaws or by resolution, the Trust may enter into any contract or transaction of any kind with any person, including any Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust or any person affiliated with a Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust, whether or not any of them has a financial interest in such transaction, provided, however, that in the case of any contract or transaction in which any Trustee, officer, employee or agent of the Trust (or any person affiliated with such person) has a material financial interest in such transaction, then: (a) the fact of the interest shall be disclosed or known to: (i) the Board of Trustees, and the Board of Trustees shall approve or ratify the contract or transaction by the affirmative vote of a majority of disinterested Trustees, even if the disinterested Trustees constitute less than a quorum, or (ii) the shareholders entitled to vote on the matter, and the contract or transaction shall be authorized, approved or ratified by a majority of the votes cast by the shareholders entitled to vote other than the votes of shares owned of record or beneficially by the interested party; or (b) the contract or transaction is fair and reasonable to the Trust.

Section 9.5 Express Exculpatory Clauses in Instruments. The Board of Trustees may cause to be inserted in every written agreement, undertaking or obligation made or issued on behalf of the Trust, an appropriate provision to the effect that neither the shareholders nor the Trustees, officers, employees or agents of the Trust shall be liable under any written instrument creating an obligation of the Trust, and all Persons shall look solely to the property of the Trust for the payment of any claim under or for the performance of that instrument. The omission of the foregoing exculpatory language from any instrument shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such instrument

and shall not render any shareholder, Trustee, officer, employee or agent liable thereunder to any third party nor shall the Trustees or any officer, employee or agent of the Trust be liable to anyone for such omission.

## ARTICLE X AMENDMENTS

Section 10.1 General. The Trust reserves the right from time to time to make any amendment to the Declaration of Trust, now or hereafter authorized by law, including, without limitation, any amendment altering the terms or contract rights, as expressly set forth in the Declaration of Trust, of any Shares. All rights and powers conferred by the Declaration of Trust on shareholders, Trustees and officers are granted subject to this reservation. The Trust shall file Articles of Amendment as required by Maryland law. All references to the Declaration of Trust shall include all amendments thereto.

Section 10.2 By Trustees. The Trustees may amend the Declaration of Trust from time to time, in the manner provided by the Maryland REIT Law, without any action by the shareholders: (i) to qualify as a real estate investment trust under the Code or under the Maryland REIT Law, (ii) in any manner in which the charter of a Maryland corporation may be amended without shareholder approval, and (iii) as otherwise provided in the Declaration of Trust.

Section 10.3 By Shareholders. Any amendment to the Declaration of Trust shall be valid only after the Board of Trustees has adopted a resolution setting forth the proposed amendment and declaring such amendment advisable, and such amendment has been approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the shares then outstanding and entitled to vote thereon.

Section 10.4 Bylaws.  Any provision of the Bylaws of the Trust may be altered, amended or repealed or new bylaws may be adopted by the Board of Trustees or by the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than a majority of the shares entitled to vote on the matter.

## ARTICLE XI MERGER, CONSOLIDATION OR SALE OF TRUST PROPERTY

Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding, the Trust may (a) merge the Trust with or into another entity or merge another entity into the Trust, (b) consolidate the Trust with one or more other entities into a new entity or (c) sell, lease, exchange or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of the property of the Trust. The Board of Trustees in proposing such action shall adopt a resolution that declares that the proposed transaction is advisable on substantially the terms and conditions set forth or referred to in the resolution, and direct that the proposed transaction be submitted for consideration by the shareholders. The transaction must be approved the affirmative vote of holders of not less than a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

A vote of the shareholders shall not be required for the merger into the Trust of any entity in which the Trust owns 90% or more of the entire equity interests in such entity, subject to the conditions and rights set forth in Section 8-501.1(c)(4) of the Maryland REIT Law.

A vote of the shareholders shall not be required if the Trust is the successor in the merger, the merger does not reclassify or change the outstanding Shares of the Trust immediately before the merger becomes effective or otherwise amend the Declaration of Trust and the number of Shares of each class or series outstanding immediately after the effective time of the merger does not increase by more than twenty percent (20%) of the number of Shares of the same class or series outstanding immediately before the merger becomes effective.

Subtitle 6 of Title 3 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland shall not apply to any business combination (as defined in such Subtitle 6) between the Trust and any Excepted Holder of the Trust as of the effective date of these Articles of Amendment and Restatement or any present or future affiliate of any such Excepted Holder.

## ARTICLE XII DURATION AND TERMINATION OF TRUST

Section 12.1 Duration. The Trust shall continue perpetually unless terminated pursuant to Section 12.2 or pursuant to any applicable provision of the Maryland REIT Law.

## Section 12.2 Termination.

(a) Subject to the provisions of any class or series of Shares at the time outstanding, the Trust may be terminated at any time only upon adoption of a resolution by the Board of Trustees declaring that the termination of the Trust is advisable and the approval thereof by the affirmative vote of two thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Upon the termination of the Trust:

- (i) The Trust shall carry on no business except for the purpose of winding up its affairs.

(ii) The Trustees shall proceed to wind up the affairs of the Trust and all of the powers of the Trustees under the Declaration of Trust shall continue, including the powers to fulfill or discharge the Trust's contracts, collect its assets, sell, convey, assign, exchange, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the remaining property of the Trust to one or more persons at public or private sale for consideration which may consist in whole or in part of cash, securities or other property of any kind, discharge or pay its liabilities and do all other acts appropriate to liquidate its business.

(iii) After paying or adequately providing for the payment of all liabilities, and upon receipt of such releases, indemnities and agreements as the Trustees deem necessary for the protection of the Trust, the Trust may distribute the remaining property of the Trust among the shareholders so that after payment in full or the setting apart for payment of such preferential amounts, if any, to which the holders of any Shares at the time outstanding shall be entitled, the remaining property of the Trust shall, subject to any participating or similar rights of Shares at the time outstanding, be distributed ratably among the holders of Common Shares at the time outstanding.

(b) After termination of the Trust, the liquidation of its business and the distribution to the shareholders as herein provided, a majority of the Trustees shall execute and file with the Trust's records a document certifying that the Trust has been duly terminated, and the Trustees shall be discharged from all liabilities and duties hereunder, and the rights and interests of all shareholders shall cease.

## ARTICLE XIII MISCELLANEOUS

Section 13.1 Governing Law. The Declaration of Trust is executed and delivered in the State of Maryland with reference to the laws thereof, and the rights of all parties and the validity, construction and effect of every provision hereof shall be subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof.

Section 13.2 Reliance by Third Parties. Any certificate shall be final and conclusive as to any person dealing with the Trust if executed by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Trust or a Trustee, and if certifying to: (a) the number or identity of Trustees, officers of the Trust or shareholders; (b) the due authorization of the execution of any document; (c) the action or vote taken, and the existence of a quorum, at a meeting of the Board of Trustees or shareholders; (d) a copy of the Declaration of Trust or of the Bylaws as a true and complete copy as then in force; (e) an amendment to the Declaration of Trust; (f) the termination of the Trust; or (g) the existence of any fact relating to the affairs of the Trust. No purchaser, lender, transfer agent or other person shall be bound to make any inquiry concerning the validity of any transaction purporting to be made by the Trust on its behalf or by any officer, employee or agent of the Trust.

## Section 13.3 Severability.

(a) The provisions of the Declaration of Trust are severable, and if the Board of Trustees shall determine, with the advice of counsel, that any one or more of such provisions (the 'Conflicting Provisions') are in conflict with the Code, the Maryland REIT Law or other applicable federal or state laws, the Conflicting Provisions, to the extent of the conflict, shall be deemed never to have constituted a part of the Declaration of Trust, even without any

amendment of the Declaration of Trust pursuant to Article X and without affecting or impairing any of the remaining provisions of the Declaration of Trust or rendering invalid or improper any action taken or omitted prior to such determination. No Trustee shall be liable for making or failing to make such a determination. In the event of any such determination by the Board of Trustees, the Board shall amend the Declaration of Trust in the manner provided in Section 10.2.

(b) If any provision of the Declaration of Trust shall be held invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such holding shall apply only to the extent of any such invalidity or unenforceability and shall not in any manner affect, impair or render invalid or unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction or any other provision of the Declaration of Trust in any jurisdiction.

Section 13.4 Construction. In the Declaration of Trust, unless the context otherwise requires, words used in the singular or in the plural include both the plural and singular and words denoting any gender include all genders. The title and headings of different parts are inserted for convenience and shall not affect the meaning, construction or effect of the Declaration of Trust. In defining or interpreting the powers and duties of the Trust and its Trustees and officers, reference may be made by the Trustees or officers, to the extent appropriate and not inconsistent with the Code or the Maryland REIT Law, to Titles 1 through 3 of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, in accordance with the provisions of Title 3, Subtitles 6 and 7, of the Corporations and Associations Article of the Annotated Code of Maryland, the Trust shall be included within the definition of 'corporation' for purposes of such provisions.

Section 13.5 Recordation. The Declaration of Trust and any articles of amendment hereto or articles supplementary hereto shall be filed for record with the SDAT and may also be filed or recorded in such other places as the Trustees deem appropriate, but failure to file for record the Declaration of Trust or any articles of amendment hereto in any office other than in the State of Maryland shall not affect or impair the validity or effectiveness of the Declaration of Trust or any amendment hereto. A restated Declaration of Trust shall, upon filing, be conclusive evidence of all amendments contained therein and may thereafter be referred to in lieu of the original Declaration of Trust and the various articles of amendments thereto.

͏

## PUBLIC STORAGE 2016 EQUITY AND PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

## Effective April 25, 2016

## 1. GENERAL PURPOSES OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS

The  purposes  of  this  Plan  are  to  enhance  the  Company's  ability  to  attract  and  retain  highly qualified officers, directors, key employees, and other persons, and to motivate such persons to serve the Company and its Affiliates to improve the business results and earnings of the Company, by providing to such  persons  an  opportunity  to  acquire  or  increase  a  direct  proprietary  interest  in  the  operations  and future success of the Company.

The Plan amends and restates the 2007 Plan. Awards previously granted under the 2007 Plan will be subject to the terms of the Plan, except to the extent that the terms of the Plan are inconsistent with the terms of those Awards. The following terms shall be defined as set forth below:

' Affiliate ' means (i) any entity that is, directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company, including a Subsidiary, and (ii) any other entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest or which has a significant equity interest in the Company, in either case as determined by the Committee.

' Amendment Date '  means April 25, 2016, the date the Plan was approved by the Company's shareholders.

' Annual  Incentive  Award '  means  an  Award  made  for  achieving  performance  goals  over  a performance  period  of  up  to  one  year  (the  Company's  fiscal  year,  unless  otherwise  specified  by  the Committee).

' Award '  means  a  grant  of  an  Option,  Stock Appreciation  Right,  Restricted  Stock,  Unrestricted Stock, Stock Unit, Dividend Equivalent Rights, or cash award under the Plan.

' Award Agreement ' means the written agreement between the Company and a Participant that sets out the terms and conditions of an Award.

' Board ' means the Board of Trustees of the Company.

' Cause '  means  any  of  the  following  that  the  Committee  determines  may  materially  injure  the financial condition or business reputation of the Company: (i) any willful act or omission by a Participant constituting dishonesty, fraud or other malfeasance and (ii) any material breach of an agreement between a Participant and the Company.

' Change of Control ' means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with one or more entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; (ii) a sale of substantially all of the Company's assets;  (iii)  a  merger  in  which  the  Company  is  the  surviving  entity  but  after  which  the  Company's shareholders immediately prior to such merger cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company; or (iv) the acquisition, sale or transfer of more than 30% of the Company's outstanding shares by tender offer or similar transaction.

' Code '  means  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  of  1986,  as  now  in  effect  or  as  later  amended. References  to  particular  sections  shall  as  appropriate  take  into  account  related  rules,  regulations  and interpretations.

' Committee ' means the Board, or the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, which  shall  be  composed  of  not  less  than  two  Outside  Trustees,  each  of  whom  shall  (i)  be  a  'nonemployee director' within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act; (ii) be an 'outside director' within the meaning of Code Section 162(m); and (iii) comply with the independence requirements under the  applicable  stock  exchange  listing  requirements.  Until  otherwise  determined  by  the  Board,  the Compensation Committee of the Board shall be the designated Committee under the Plan with respect to Awards.

' Company ' means Public Storage, a Maryland real estate investment trust, or its successors. As appropriate in the context, references to the Company will include references to Affiliates.

' Covered Employee ' means any Participant who is, or the Committee considers likely to be, a 'covered employee' within the meaning of Code Section 162(m).

' Disability ' means the Participant is unable to perform the essential duties of such Participant's position  by  reason  of  a  medically  determinable  physical  or  mental  impairment  which  is  potentially permanent  in  character  or  which  can  be  expected  to  last  for  a  continuous  period  of  not  less  than twelve (12) months.

' Dividend Equivalent Right '  means a right, granted under Section 11, to receive cash, Stock, other Awards or other property equal in value to dividends paid relating to a specified number of shares of Stock, or other periodic payments.

' Exchange Act ' means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or as amended.

' Fair Market Value ' of the Stock on any given date means the last reported sale price at which Stock is traded on such date or, if no Stock is traded on such date, the most recent date on which Stock was traded, as reflected on the New York Stock Exchange or, if applicable, any other national exchange on  which  the  Stock  is  traded.  If  the  Stock  is  not  then  listed  on  any  established  national  or  regional exchange, Fair Market Value shall be the value of the Stock as determined by the Committee in good faith in a manner consistent with Code Section 409A.

' Family Member ' means a person who is a spouse, former spouse, child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother,  sister,  brother-in-law,  or  sister-in-law,  including  adoptive  relationships,  of  the  Participant,  any person sharing the Participant's household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which any one or more  of  these  persons  (and/or  the  Participant)  have  more  than  fifty  percent  (50%)  of  the  beneficial interest,  a  foundation  in  which  any  one  or  more  of  these  persons  (and/or  the  Participant)  control  the management  of  assets,  and  any  other  entity  in  which  one  or  more  of  these  persons  (and/or  the Participant) own more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests.

' Grant Date '  means, as determined by the Committee, the latest to occur of: (i) the date as of which the Committee approves an Award; (ii) the date the recipient first becomes eligible to receive an Award; or (iii) such other date specified by the Committee.

' Non-qualified Stock Option ' means an Option that is not an incentive stock option under Code Section 422.

' Option ' means an option to purchase one or more shares of Stock under the Plan.

' Option Price ' means the exercise price for each share of Stock subject to an Option.

' Outside  Trustee '  means  a  member  of  the  Board  who  is  not  an  officer  or  employee  of  the Company.

' Participant ' means a person who receives or holds an Award under the Plan.

' Performance  Award '  means  an  Award  based  on  achieving  performance  goals  over  a performance period of up to ten (10) years.

' Plan ' means this Public Storage 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time.

' Prior  Plans '  means  the  Company's  2001  Stock  Option  and  Incentive  Plan,  the  Company's 2001 Non-Executive/Non-Director Stock Option and Incentive Plan, and the 2007 Plan.

' Purchase Price ' means the purchase price for each share of Stock under a grant of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock.

' Restricted Stock ' means shares of Stock awarded under Section 8.

' SAR ' means a right granted under Section 7.

' SAR Exercise Price ' means the per share exercise price of a SAR granted under Section 7.

' Securities Act ' means the Securities Act of 1933, as now in effect or as amended.

' Service ' means service as a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant's change in position or duties shall not result in interrupted or terminated Service, so long as the Participant continues to be a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Subject to the preceding sentence, whether a termination of Service shall have occurred for purposes of the Plan shall be determined by the Committee, which determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

' Service  Provider '  means  an  employee,  officer,  trustee,  or  director  of  the  Company  or  an Affiliate, or a consultant or adviser currently providing services to the Company or an Affiliate.

' Stock '  means  the  common  shares  of  beneficial  interest,  par  value  $0.10  per  share,  of  the Company.

' Stock  Unit '  means  a  bookkeeping  entry  representing  the  equivalent  of  one  share  of  Stock awarded under Section 8.

' Subsidiary '  means any corporation that at the time qualifies as a subsidiary of the Company under the definition of 'subsidiary corporation' in Code Section 424(f). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that any entity in which the Company has a significant equity or other interest is a 'Subsidiary.'

' Substitute Awards '  means Awards granted to replace outstanding awards previously granted by an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines.

' Unrestricted Stock ' means an Award under Section 9.

' 2007  Plan ' means  the Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, amended as of May 1, 2014.

## 2. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

2.1 Administration. The  Committee shall have such powers and authorities related to the administration  of  the  Plan  as  are  consistent  with  the  Company's  declaration  of  trust  and  by-laws  and applicable law, and shall administer the Plan. As to the selection of, and Awards to, Participants who are not subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act and who are not Covered Employees, the Committee may delegate any or all of its responsibilities to one or more members of the Board.

Subject  to  the  provisions  of  the  Plan,  the  Committee  shall  have  complete  control  over  the administration of the Plan and shall have the authority in its sole discretion to (a) designate Participants, (b)  construe,  interpret  and  implement  the  Plan  and  all  Award  Agreements,  (c)  establish,  amend,  and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, (d) grant Awards, (e) determine who shall receive Awards, when such Awards shall be made, the terms and conditions of each Award (including the Option Price of any Option and any restrictions or conditions relating to the vesting, exercise, lapse, transfer, or forfeiture of an Award or related Stock) and terms and provisions of Award Agreements, (f) establish plans supplemental  to  this  Plan  covering  individuals  who  are  foreign  nationals  or  are  employed  or  residing outside of the United States, (g) provide for mandatory or voluntary deferrals of Awards and (h) make all other determinations in its discretion that it may deem necessary or advisable for the administration of the Plan. The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan or any such Award Agreement into effect.

Subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan, including the limitation on re-pricing under this Plan, the Committee shall have full and final authority to amend, modify, or supplement the terms of

any outstanding Award. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary: (i) the Committee shall be entitled  to  make  non-uniform  and  selective  determinations  under  the  Plan,  and  (ii)  no  amendment, modification, or supplement of any Award shall, without the consent of an affected Participant, impair the Participant's rights under such Award. The determinations of the Committee in the administration of the Plan shall be final and conclusive.

2.2 Forfeitures  and  Clawback;  No  Re-Pricing. The  Company  may  retain  the  right  in  an Award Agreement to cause a forfeiture of the gain realized by a Participant on account of actions taken by the Participant in violation or breach of or in conflict with any employment agreement, non-competition agreement,  any  agreement  prohibiting  solicitation  of  employees  or  clients  of  the  Company  or  any confidentiality obligation with respect to the Company or otherwise in competition with the Company, to the  extent  specified  in  such Award Agreement.  Furthermore,  the  Company  may  annul  an Award  if  the Participant  is  an  employee  of  the  Company  and  is  terminated  for  Cause  as  defined  in  the  applicable Award Agreement or the Plan.

Any  Award  granted  pursuant  to  the  Plan  shall  be  subject  to  mandatory  repayment  by  the Participant to the Company (x) to the extent set forth in this Plan or an Award Agreement or (y) to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (1) any Company 'clawback' or recoupment policy that is adopted to comply with the requirements of any applicable laws, or (2) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable laws.

No amendment or modification may be made to an outstanding Option or SAR which reduces the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, by lowering the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price or by canceling the outstanding Option or SAR in exchange for cash, other securities or a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, in each case without the approval of the shareholders of the Company, provided, that, appropriate adjustments may be made to outstanding Options and SARs pursuant to Section 15 and may be made if such amendment or modification would not be deemed to be a re-pricing under applicable stock exchange listing requirements.

- 2.3 Deferral Arrangement. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment  into  a  deferred  compensation  arrangement,  subject  to  such  rules  and  procedures  as  it  may establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, including converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Any such deferrals shall be made in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A.
- 2.4 No Liability. No member of the Board or of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken in good faith relating to the Plan, any Award, or any Award Agreement. Neither the Company, an Affiliate,  the  Board,  the  Committee,  nor  any  person  acting  on  any  of  their  behalf  shall  be  liable  to  any Participant or to the estate or beneficiary of any Participant or to any other holder of an Award under the Plan as a result of any acceleration of income, or any additional tax (including any interest and penalties), asserted relating to the failure of an Award to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A or relating to Code Section 4999, or otherwise asserted relating to the Award; provided, that this Section 2.4 shall not affect any of the rights or obligations set forth in an applicable agreement between the Participant and the Company.

## 3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

- 3.1 Aggregate  Share  Limit. Subject to adjustment  as  provided  in Section 3.3  and Section 15, the maximum number of shares of Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted under the  Plan  shall  be  two  million  (2,000,000)  shares  of  Stock,  plus  the  carryover  shares  remaining  from: (a) the number of shares of Stock available for future awards under the 2007 Plan as of the Amendment Date, plus (b) the number of shares of Stock related to awards outstanding under the 2007 Plan as of the Amendment  Date  that  later  terminate  by  expiration,  forfeiture,  cancellation,  or  otherwise  without  the issuance of such shares of Stock (the ' Share Limit ').
- 3.2 Reissue of Awards and Stock. Awards payable in cash or payable in cash or Stock, including Restricted Stock, that are forfeited, cancelled, or for any reason do not vest under this Plan, and Stock that are subject to Awards that expire or for any reason are terminated, cancelled or fail to vest shall be available for subsequent Awards under this Plan. If an Award under this Plan is or may be settled only in  cash,  such Award need not be counted against the Share Limit, except as may be required to preserve  the  status  of  an  Award  as  'performance-based  compensation'  under  Code  Section  162(m). Stock subject to Options or SARs that are exercised shall not be available for subsequent Awards. The following transactions involving Stock will not result in additional Stock becoming available for subsequent

Awards under this Plan: (i) Stock tendered or not issued in payment of an Option or in net settlement of a SAR; (ii) Stock withheld for taxes; and (iii) Stock repurchased by the Company using Option proceeds.

- 3.3 Adjustments. The  Committee  shall  have  the  right  to  substitute  or  assume  Awards  in connection with mergers, reorganizations, separations, or other transactions to which Code Section  424(a)  applies.  The  Share  Limit  may  be  increased  by  the  corresponding  number  of  Awards assumed and, in the case of a substitution, by the net increase in the number of shares of Stock subject to Awards before and after the substitution.

## 4. AWARD ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS

- 4.1 Service Providers and Other Persons. Subject to this Section 4, Awards may be made under  the  Plan  to:  (i)  any  Service  Provider  to  the  Company  or  any  Affiliate,  as  the  Committee  shall determine and designate and (ii) any other individual whose participation in the Plan is determined to be in the best interests of the Company by the Committee.
- 4.2 Successive Awards and Substitute Awards. An eligible person may receive more than one Award, subject to such restrictions as are provided in the Plan. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 7.1, the  Option  Price  or  the  SAR  Exercise  Price  of  a  Substitute Award  may  be  less  than  100%  of  the  Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the original date of grant; provided that the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price is determined in accordance with the principles of Code Section 424.
- 4.3 Individual  Limits. During  any  time  when  the  Company  has  a  class  of  equity  security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act:
- (i) the maximum number of shares of Stock subject to Options or SARs that can be granted under the Plan to any person eligible for an  Award  under  Section 4 is  one million (1,000,000) per calendar year;
- (ii) the maximum value that can be granted under the Plan to any person (other than an Outside Trustee) eligible for an Award under Section 4 other than Options or SARs is fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) per calendar year in the aggregate for all such Awards; and
- (iii) the maximum number shares of Stock that can be granted under the Plan under any  Award  to  any  Outside  Trustee  under  Section  4  is  one  hundred  thousand  (100,000)  per calendar year.

The limitations in this Section 4.3 are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15.

## 5. AWARD AGREEMENT

Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, in such form or forms as the Committee shall  from  time  to  time  determine.  Award  Agreements  do  not  need  to  contain  the  same  or  similar provisions, but shall be consistent with the terms of the Plan.

## 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS

- 6.1 Non-qualified  Stock  Options  and  Option  Price. All  Options  granted  under  this  Plan shall be Non-qualified Stock Options. The Option Price of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement. The Option Price of each Option shall be at least the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date of a share of Stock. In no case shall the Option Price of any Option be less than the par value of a share of Stock.
- 6.2 Vesting. Subject  to  Sections  6.4,  15.3,  and  15.4,  each  Option  granted  under  the  Plan shall  become exercisable as the Committee determines, which will be stated in the Award Agreement. Only Options granted to persons who are not entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will  vest  or  be  exercisable  within  a  six-month  period  starting  on  the  Grant  Date.  For  purposes  of  this Section 6.2, fractional numbers of shares of Stock subject to an Option shall be rounded down to the next nearest whole number.

6.3 Term. Each Option granted under the Plan shall terminate, and all rights to purchase the related shares of Stock shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement relating to that Option.

## 6.4 Termination of Service.

6.4.1 Termination  of  Service .  Unless  otherwise  provided  in  an  Award  Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant's Service, other than in case the case of death or Disability, any Option  that  has  not  vested  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  related  Award  Agreement  shall terminate immediately, and any Option that has vested but has not been exercised shall terminate at the close of business on the thirtieth (30th) day following the termination of the Participant's Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the expiration of such thirty (30) day  period),  subject  to  earlier  termination  of  the  Option  as  provided  in  Section  6.3  above.  Upon termination of an Option, the Participant shall have no further right to purchase shares of Stock under such Option.

6.4.2 Rights  in  the  Event  of  Death  or  Disability. Unless  otherwise  provided  in  an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant's Service by reason of the Participant's death or Disability, all Options granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or termination of the Participant's Service. The Options so vested shall be exercisable for a period of one (1) year after the death or termination of Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the expiration of such one (1) year period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above.

6.5 Limitations on Exercise of Option. In no event may any Option be exercised, in whole or  in  part,  after  the  occurrence  of  an  event  referred  to  in  Section  15  that  results  in  termination  of  the Option.

6.6 Method of Exercise. An Option that is exercisable may be exercised by the Participant (or in the event of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Participant's guardian or legal representative, and following a Participant's death, the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the Participant's estate) as specified by the Company and shall be accompanied by payment in full of the Option Price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised plus the amount (if any) of federal and/or other taxes which the Company may, in its judgment, be required to withhold relating to an Award.

6.7 Rights  of  Holders  of  Options. Unless  otherwise  stated  in  the  applicable  Award Agreement, an individual holding or exercising an Option shall have none of the rights of a shareholder (for  example, the right to vote the shares or receive cash or dividend payments or distributions on the shares)  until  the  shares  of  Stock  are  fully  paid  and  issued.  Except  as  provided  in  Section  15,  no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions, or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of such issuance.

6.8 Transferability  of  Options. Except  as  provided  in  Section  6.9,  no  Option  shall  be assignable  or  transferable  by  the  Participant  to  whom  it  is  granted,  other  than  by  will  or  the  laws  of descent and distribution.

6.9 Family Transfers. If  authorized  in  the  applicable Award Agreement,  a  Participant  may transfer, not for value, all or part of an Option to any Family Member. For the purpose of this Section 6.9, a 'not for value' transfer is a transfer which is: (i) a gift; (ii) a transfer under a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights; or (iii) a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the  voting  interests  (or  relating  to  a  trust,  more  than  fifty  percent  (50%)  of  the  beneficial  interests)  are owned by Family Members (and/or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. Following a transfer  under  this  Section  6.9,  any  such  Option  shall  continue  to  be  subject  to  the  same  terms  and conditions  that  applied  immediately  prior  to  transfer.  Subsequent  transfers  of  transferred  Options  are prohibited except to Family Members of the original Participant in accordance with this Section 6.9 or by will  or  the  laws  of  descent  and  distribution.  The  events  of  termination  of  Service  of  Section  6.4  shall continue to be applied to the original Participant, following which the Option shall be exercisable by the transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified, in Section 6.4.

## 7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SARS

7.1 Right to Payment and SAR Exercise Price. A  SAR  shall  confer  on  the  Participant  a right to receive on exercise the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the date of exercise  over  (B)  the  SAR  Exercise  Price  of  the  SAR  as  determined  by  the  Committee.  The  Award Agreement for a SAR shall specify its SAR Exercise Price, which shall be at least the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the Grant Date. A SAR that is granted subsequent to the Grant Date in conjunction with a related Option must have a SAR Exercise Price that is no less than the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the SAR Grant Date.

7.2 Other Terms. The Committee shall determine on the Grant Date or later, when and how a SAR may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on achievement of performance goals and/ or future Service requirements), the time or times at which SARs shall cease to be or become exercisable following termination of Service or upon other conditions, the method of exercise, method of settlement, form  of  consideration  payable  in  settlement,  method  by  or  forms  in  which  Stock  will  be  delivered  or deemed to be delivered to Participants, whether or not a SAR shall be in tandem or in combination with any other Award, and any other terms and conditions of any SAR. Only SARs granted to persons who are not entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will be permitted to vest or be exercisable within a six-month period starting on the Grant Date.

7.3 Term. Each  SAR  granted  under  the  Plan  shall  terminate,  and  all  related  rights  shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement.

## 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK UNITS

8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units. Awards of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be made for no consideration (other than par value of  the  shares  which  will  be  deemed  paid  by Services rendered or to be rendered).

8.2 Restrictions. At  the  time  a  grant  of  Restricted  Stock  or  Stock  Units  is  made,  the Committee may, in its sole discretion, establish a period of time (a ' restricted period ') applicable to such Restricted  Stock  or  Stock  Units  and  may  prescribe  other  restrictions,  including  the  satisfaction  of corporate or individual performance objectives in accordance with Section 12.1 and Section 12.2. Each Award of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be subject in whole or part to different restrictions. Neither Restricted Stock nor Stock Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the restricted period or prior to the satisfaction of any other applicable restrictions prescribed by the Committee.

8.3 Restricted  Stock  Certificates. The  Company  shall  issue,  in  the  name  of  each Participant to whom Restricted Stock has been granted, stock certificates representing the total number of shares of Restricted Stock granted to the Participant, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Grant Date. The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement that either: (i) the Secretary of the Company shall hold such certificates for the Participant's benefit until such time as the Restricted Stock is forfeited to  the  Company  or  the  restrictions  lapse;  or  (ii)  such  certificates  shall  be  delivered  to  the  Participant; provided, however, that such certificates shall bear a legend or legends that comply with the applicable securities laws and regulations and makes appropriate reference to the restrictions imposed under the Plan and the Award Agreement.

8.4 Rights of Holders of Restricted Stock. Unless the Committee otherwise provides in an Award Agreement, holders of Restricted Stock shall have the right to vote such Stock and the right to receive  any  dividends  declared  or  paid  relating  to  such  Stock.  The  Committee  may  provide  that  any dividends  paid  on  Restricted  Stock  must  be  reinvested  in  shares  of  Stock,  which  may  or  may  not  be subject  to  the  same  vesting  conditions  and  restrictions  applicable  to  such  Restricted  Stock.  Dividend payments or distributions declared or paid on shares of Restricted Stock which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless the applicable performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company such dividend payments or distributions. All distributions, if any, received  by  a  Participant  relating  to  Restricted  Stock  as  a  result  of  any  stock  split,  stock  dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock.

## 8.5 Rights of Holders of Stock Units.

8.5.1 Voting and Dividend Rights. Unless  the  Committee  otherwise  provides  in  an Award Agreement, holders of Stock Units shall have no rights as shareholders of the Company other than the right to receive, upon the Company's payment of a cash dividend on its outstanding Stock, a cash payment for each Stock Unit held equal to the per-share dividend paid on the Stock. Dividend payments or distributions declared or paid on shares underlying Stock Units which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals for such Stock Units are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already  paid  or  distributed,  repay  to  the  Company  such  dividend  payments  or  distributions.  The Committee may also provide that such cash dividend will be deemed reinvested in additional Stock Units at a price per unit equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date that such dividend is paid.

8.5.2 Creditor's Rights. A holder of Stock Units shall have no rights other than those of a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Award Agreement.

8.6 Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant's Service, other than in case the case of death or Disability, any Restricted Stock or Stock Units held by such Participant that have not vested, or for which all applicable restrictions and  conditions  have  not  lapsed,  shall  immediately  be  deemed  forfeited,  unless  the  Committee,  in  its discretion, determines otherwise. Upon forfeiture of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, the Participant shall have no further rights relating to such grant, including but not limited to any right to vote Restricted Stock or any right to receive dividends relating to shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units.

8.7 Rights  in  the  Event  of  Death  or  Disability. Unless  otherwise  provided  in  an  Award Agreement,  upon  the  termination  of  the  Participant's  Service  by  reason  of  the  Participant's  death  or Disability, all Restricted Stock and Stock Units granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or date of termination of Service, and the related shares of Stock shall be deliverable in accordance with the terms of the Plan, in the case of death, to the executors, administrators, legatees, or distributees of the Participant's estate, or in the case of Disability, to the Participant.

8.8 Purchase of Restricted Stock. The Participant shall be required, to the extent required by applicable law, to purchase the Restricted Stock from the Company at a Purchase Price equal to the greater of: (i) the aggregate par value of the shares of Stock represented by such Restricted Stock; or (ii)  the  Purchase Price, if any, specified in the Award Agreement relating to such Restricted Stock. The Purchase Price shall be payable in a form described in Section 10 or, in the discretion of the Committee, in consideration for past or future Services rendered.

8.9 Delivery of Stock. Upon the expiration or termination of any restricted period and the satisfaction  of  any  other  applicable  conditions,  the  restrictions  on  shares  of  Restricted  Stock  or  Stock Units  settled  in  Stock  shall  lapse,  and,  unless  otherwise  provided  in  the  Award  Agreement,  a  stock certificate  for  such  shares  shall  be  delivered,  free  of  all  such  restrictions,  to  the  Participant  or  the Participant's  beneficiary  or  estate,  as  the  case  may  be.  Neither  the  Participant,  nor  the  Participant's beneficiary or estate, shall have any further rights with regard to a Stock Unit once the share of Stock represented by the Stock Unit has been delivered.

## 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

The  Committee  may,  in  its  sole  discretion,  grant  (or  sell  at  par  value  or  such  other  higher purchase  price  determined  by  the  Committee)  an  Unrestricted  Stock  Award  to  any  Participant  under which such Participant may receive shares of Stock free of any restrictions (' Unrestricted Stock ') under the Plan. Unrestricted Stock Awards may be granted or sold as described in the preceding sentence in respect  of  past  services  and  other  valid  consideration,  or  in  lieu  of,  or  in  addition  to,  any  cash compensation due to such Participant.

## 10. FORM OF PAYMENT FOR OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK

10.1 General Rule. Payment of the Option Price for the shares purchased under the exercise of  an  Option  or  the  Purchase  Price  for  Restricted  Stock  shall  be  made  in  cash  or  in  cash  equivalents acceptable to the Company.

10.2 Surrender of Stock. To  the  extent  the Award Agreement  so  provides,  payment  of  the Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made all or in part through the tender to the Company of shares of Stock, which shall be valued, for purposes of determining the extent to which the Option Price or Purchase Price has been paid thereby, at their Fair Market Value on the date of surrender.

10.3 Cashless Exercise. As to Options only (and not as to Restricted Stock), to the extent permitted by law and to the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form acceptable to the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company to  sell  shares  of  Stock  and  to  deliver  all  or  part  of  the  sales  proceeds  to  the  Company  in payment of the Option Price and any withholding taxes described in Section 17.3.

10.4 Other Forms of Payment. To the extent the Award Agreement so provides, payment of the Option Price for shares purchased under exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock  may  be  made  in  any  other  form  that  is  consistent  with  applicable  laws,  regulations,  and  rules, including: (i)  for  Restricted  Stock,  Service  rendered  or  to  be  rendered  by  the  Participant  thereof  to  the Company or an Affiliate; and (ii) with the consent of the Company, by withholding the number of shares of Stock  that  would  otherwise  vest  or  be  issuable  in  an  amount  equal  in  value  to  the  Option  Price  or Purchase Price and/or the required tax withholding amount.

## 11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS

11.1 Dividend  Equivalent  Rights. A  Dividend  Equivalent  Right  may  be  granted  under  the Plan to any Participant, the terms and conditions of which shall be specified in the Award Agreement. Dividend equivalents credited to the holder of a Dividend Equivalent Right may be paid currently or may be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Stock, which may later accrue additional equivalents. Any such reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment. Dividend Equivalent Rights  may  be  settled  in  cash  or  Stock  or  a  combination,  in  a  single  installment  or  installments,  all determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. A Dividend Equivalent Right granted as a component of  another  Award  may  provide  that  such  Dividend  Equivalent  Right  shall  be  settled  upon  exercise, settlement,  or  payment  of,  or  lapse  of  restrictions  on,  such  other  Award,  and  that  such  Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. A Dividend  Equivalent  Right  granted  as  a  component  of  another  Award  may  also  contain  terms  and conditions  different  from  such  other  Award.  Dividend  Equivalent  Rights  granted  as  a  component  of another Award which vests or is earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant of such Dividend Equivalent Rights shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed, repay to the Company payments or distributions made in connection with such Dividend Equivalent Rights.

11.2 Termination of Service. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award Agreement or in writing after the Award Agreement is issued, and subject to Section 15, a Participant's rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights or interest equivalents shall automatically terminate upon the Participant's termination of Service for any reason.

## 12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERFORMANCE AND ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARDS

12.1 Performance Conditions. The  right  of  a  Participant  to  exercise  or  receive  a  grant  or settlement  of  any Award,  and  the  timing,  may  be  subject  to  such  performance  conditions  as  may  be specified  by  the  Committee.  The  Committee  may  use  such  business  criteria  and  other  measures  of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions and may exercise its discretion to reduce the amounts payable under any Award subject to performance conditions, except as limited  under Section 12.2 in the case of a Performance Award or Annual Incentive Award intended to qualify under Code Section 162(m). If and to the extent required under Code Section 162(m), any power or authority relating to a Performance Award or Annual Incentive Award intended to qualify under Code Section 162(m) shall be exercised by the Committee.

12.2 Performance or Annual Incentive Awards Granted to Designated Covered Employees. If a Performance or Annual Incentive Award to be granted to a Participant designated by the Committee  as  a  Covered  Employee  is  intended  to  qualify  as  'performance-based  compensation'  for purposes of Code Section 162(m), the grant, exercise, and/or settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Award shall be contingent upon achievement of pre-established performance goals and other terms set forth in this Section 12.2.

12.2.1 Performance Goals Generally. The performance goals for such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall consist of one or more business criteria and a targeted level or levels of performance  relating  to  each  of  such  criteria,  as  specified  by  the  Committee  consistent  with  this Section 12.2. Performance goals shall be objective and shall otherwise meet the requirements of Code Section  162(m)  and  the  related  regulations  including  the  requirement  that  the  level  or  levels  of performance  targeted  by  the  Committee  result  in  the  achievement  of  performance  goals  being 'substantially  uncertain.'  The  Committee  may  determine  that  such  Performance  or  Annual  Incentive Awards shall be granted, exercised, and/or settled upon achievement of any one performance goal or that two  or  more  of  the  performance  goals  must  be  achieved  as  a  condition  to  grant,  exercise,  and/or settlement  of  such  Performance  or  Annual  Incentive  Awards.  Performance  goals  may  differ  for Performance or Annual Incentive Awards granted to any one Participant or to different Participants.

12.2.2 Business Criteria. The Committee will use one or more of the following criteria or measures of performance as it may deem appropriate:

- (i) changes in funds from operation (FFO), funds from operation (FFO) per share, or funds from operation (FFO) as adjusted;
- (ii) changes in funds available for distribution (FAD);
- (iii) same store revenue growth or targets or other sales or revenue growth or targets;
- (iv) changes in intrinsic business value;
- (v) stock price or total shareholder return;
- (vi) implementation,  commencement,  or  completion  of  critical  or  strategic projects, acquisitions, or processes;
- (vii) return  measures,  including  return  on  invested  capital  and  return  on assets, capital, investment, or equity;
- (viii) divestiture, joint venture, or development activity;

(ix) measures  related  to  geographic  business  expansion  or  market  share, customer  satisfaction,  employee  satisfaction,  human  resources  management,  legal matters, or information technology;

- (x) net earnings or net income;
- (xi) operating earnings;
- (xii) gross or operating margins, or
- (xiii) any combination of any of the foregoing.

These business criteria need not be based on an increase or positive result under the business criteria selected.  The  criteria  may  be  determined  on  a  consolidated  basis  for  the  Company,  and/or  based  on specified subsidiaries or business units.

12.2.3 Timing  for  Establishing  Performance  Goals. Performance  goals  shall  be established not later than ninety (90) days after the beginning of any performance period applicable to such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards, or at such other date as may be required or permitted for 'performance-based compensation' under Code Section 162(m).

12.2.4 Settlement  of  Performance  or  Annual  Incentive  Awards;  Other  Terms. Settlement of such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be in cash, Stock, other Awards, or other  property,  in  the  discretion  of  the  Committee.  The  Committee  may,  in  its  discretion,  reduce  the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards. The Committee shall specify the circumstances in which such Performance or Annual Incentive

Awards shall be paid or forfeited in the event of termination of Service by the Participant prior to the end of a performance period or settlement of Performance Awards.

12.3 Written Determinations. All  determinations  by  the  Committee  as  to  the  establishment and  achievement  of  performance  goals,  the  amount  of  any  potential  Performance  Awards,  and  the amount of any potential or final individual Annual Incentive Awards shall be made in writing in the case of any  Award  intended  to qualify under  Code  Section  162(m).  To  the  extent  permitted  by  Code Section 162(m), the Committee may delegate any responsibility relating to such Performance Awards or Annual Incentive Awards.

12.4 Status  of  Section  12.2  Awards  under  Code  Section  162(m). It  is  the  intent  of  the Company that Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards under Section 12.2 granted to persons who are designated by the Committee as Covered Employees within the meaning of Code Section 162(m) shall constitute 'qualified performance-based compensation' within the meaning of Code Section 162(m). Accordingly, the terms of Section 12.2 including the definitions of Covered Employee and other related terms, shall be interpreted in a manner consistent with Code Section 162(m). Because the Committee cannot determine with certainty whether a given Participant will be a Covered Employee for a fiscal year that has not yet been completed, the term Covered Employee as used in the Plan shall mean only a person designated by the Committee, at the time of grant of Performance Awards or an Annual Incentive Award, as likely to be a Covered Employee for that fiscal year. If any provision of the Plan or any agreement  relating  to  such  Performance  Awards  or  Annual  Incentive  Awards  does  not  comply  or  is inconsistent with the requirements of Code Section 162(m), such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such requirements.

## 13. PARACHUTE LIMITATIONS

For  purposes  of  this  Section  13:  (i)  other  than  agreements  relating  to  the  Plan,  any  other agreement, contract, or understanding previously or subsequently entered into by a Participant with the Company, except an agreement, contract, or understanding that expressly addresses Code Section 280G or Code Section 4999, is defined as an ' Other Agreement '; and (ii)any other formal or informal plan or other arrangement for the direct or indirect provision of compensation to the Participant (including groups or  classes  of  Participants  or  beneficiaries  of  which  the  Participant  is  a  member),  whether  or  not  such compensation is deferred, is in cash, or is in the form of a benefit to or for the Participant is defined as a ' Benefit Arrangement '.

If  the  Participant  is  a  'disqualified  individual'  as  defined  in  Code  Section 280G(c)  and  any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit to the Participant under this Plan would be considered a 'parachute payment' under Code Section 280G(b)(2), taking into account all rights, payments, or benefits to or for the  Participant  under  this  Plan,  all  Other  Agreements,  and  all  Benefit  Arrangements  (a  ' Parachute Payment '), any right of the Participant to any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit under this Plan shall be reduced or eliminated to the minimum extent to permit Participant to receive more on a net after-tax basis.

Except  as  required  by  Code  Section  409A  or  to  the  extent  that  Code  Section  409A  permits discretion, the Committee shall have the right, in its sole discretion, to designate those rights, payments, or benefits under the Plan, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements that should be reduced or eliminated so as to avoid having such rights, payments, or benefits be considered a Parachute Payment. However,  to  the  extent  any  payment  or  benefit  constitutes  deferred  compensation  under  Code Section 409A, in order to comply with Code Section 409A, the Company shall instead accomplish such reduction by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Performance Awards, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Options or SARs, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, then by reducing or eliminating any other remaining Parachute Payments.

## 14. REQUIREMENTS OF LAW

14.1 General. The Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares of Stock under any Award if the sale or issuance of such shares would constitute a violation by the Participant, any other individual exercising an Option, or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation, including any federal or state securities laws or regulations, and may condition such sale or issuance upon the listing, registration,  or  qualification  of  such  shares  upon  any  securities  exchange  or  under  any  governmental regulatory body to the extent determined to be necessary or desirable by the Company in its discretion.

Any  resulting  delay  shall  in  no  way  affect  the  date  of  termination  of  the  Award.  Without  limiting  the generality  of  the  foregoing,  unless  a  registration  statement  under  the  Securities Act  is  in  effect  for  the shares of Stock covered by an Option or other Award, the Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares upon exercise of any Option or underlying any Award unless the Committee has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Participant or any other individual exercising an Option may acquire such shares under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Any such determination by the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The Company may, but shall in no event be obligated to,  register  any  applicable  securities  under  the  Securities Act  or  take  any  affirmative  action  in  order  to cause the exercise of an Option or the issuance of shares of Stock under the Plan to comply with any law or regulation. As to any jurisdiction that expressly imposes the requirement that an Option shall not be exercisable  until  the  shares  of  Stock  covered  by  such  Option  are  registered  or  are  exempt  from registration, the exercise of such Option (under circumstances in which the laws of such jurisdiction apply) shall  be  deemed  conditioned  upon  the  effectiveness  of  such  registration  or  the  availability  of  such  an exemption.

14.2 Rule 16b-3. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, it is the intent of the Company that Awards under the Plan and the exercise of Options granted under the plan will qualify for the exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 under the  Exchange Act.  To  the  extent  that  any  provision  of  the  Plan  or  action  by  the  Committee  does  not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3, it shall be deemed inoperative to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee, and shall not affect the validity of the Plan. If Rule 16b-3 is revised  or  replaced,  the  Committee  may  exercise  its  discretion  to  modify  this  Plan  in  any  respect necessary to satisfy the requirements of, or to take advantage of any features of, the revised exemption or its replacement.

## 15. EFFECT OF CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION

15.1 Changes  in  Stock. If  the  number  of  outstanding  shares  of  Stock  is  increased  or decreased or the shares of Stock are changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or  other  securities  of  the  Company  on  account  of  any  corporate  transaction  effected  without  receipt  of consideration  by  the  Company  occurring  after  the Amendment  Date,  the  number  and  kinds  of  shares (i) for which grants of Options and other Awards may be made under the Plan and (ii) for which Awards are outstanding shall be adjusted proportionately and accordingly by the Company, with the adjustment to outstanding Awards to be made so that the proportionate interest of the Participant immediately following such  event  shall,  to  the  extent  practicable,  be  the  same  as  immediately  before  such  event. Any  such adjustment in outstanding Options or SARs shall not change the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price payable for shares that are subject to the unexercised portion of an outstanding Option or SAR, as applicable,  but  shall  include  a  corresponding  proportionate  adjustment  in  the  Option  Price  or  SAR Exercise  Price  per  share.  The  conversion  of  any  convertible  securities  of  the  Company  shall  not  be treated as an increase in shares effected without receipt of consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any distribution to the Company's shareholders of securities of any entity other than the Company or other assets (including an extraordinary dividend but excluding a non-extraordinary dividend of the Company) without receipt of consideration by the Company, the Company shall, in such manner as the Company deems appropriate, adjust (i) the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards and/or  (ii)  the  Option  Price  or  SAR  Exercise  Price  of  outstanding  Options  and  SARs  to  reflect  such distribution.

15.2 Reorganization  in  Which  the  Company  Is  the  Surviving  Entity  and  in  Which  No Change of Control Occurs. If the Company shall be the surviving entity in any reorganization, merger, or consolidation of the Company with one or more other entities in which no Change of Control occurs, any Option or SAR previously granted under the Plan shall pertain to and apply to the shares of Stock to which  a  holder  of  the  shares  of  Stock  subject  to  such  Option  or  SAR  would  have  been  entitled immediately following such reorganization, merger, or consolidation, with a corresponding proportionate adjustment of the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price per share so that the resulting aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price will be the same as the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of the shares subject to the Option or SAR immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, or consolidation. Subject to any contrary language in an Award Agreement evidencing an Award, any restrictions applicable to such Award shall apply as well to any replacement shares received by the Participant as a result of the reorganization,  merger,  or  consolidation.  In  the  event  of  a  transaction  described  in  this  Section  15.2, Stock Units and other Awards shall be adjusted so as to apply to the shares of Stock that the holder of the shares  of  Stock  subject  to  such  Stock  Units  or  other  Awards  would  have  been  entitled  to  receive immediately following such transaction.

15.3 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Not Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, in another agreement with the Participant, or as otherwise set forth in writing, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control in which outstanding Awards are not being assumed or continued:

(i) with  the  exception  of  Performance  Awards  and  Annual  Incentive  Awards,  all outstanding shares of Restricted Stock and all Stock Units shall be deemed to have vested, and all restrictions and conditions applicable to such shares of Restricted Stock and Stock Units shall be deemed to have lapsed immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, and

(ii) for Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards, all performance goals and conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control based on either actual performance as of a date reasonably close to the date of  the  Change  of  Control  or  target  performance,  as  determined  by  the  Committee  in  its  sole discretion, and such Awards shall become payable pro-rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed as of the Change of Control, and

(iii) either or both of the following two actions shall be taken:

(A) fifteen  (15)  days  prior  to  the  scheduled  Change  of  Control,  all  Options and  SARs  outstanding  shall  become  immediately  vested  and  exercisable  and  shall remain exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days, and/or

(B) the Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to cancel any outstanding Awards of  Options,  Restricted  Stock,  Stock  Units,  and/or  SARs  and  pay  or  deliver,  or cause to be paid or delivered,  to  the  holder  an  amount  in  cash  or  securities  having  a value (as determined by the Committee acting in good faith), in the case of Restricted Stock  or  Stock  Units,  equal  to  the  formula  or  fixed  price  per  share  paid  to  holders  of shares of Stock and, in the case of vested and unvested Options or SARs, equal to the product  of  the  number  of  shares  of  Stock  subject  to  the  Option  or  SAR  (the  'Award Shares') multiplied by the amount, if any, by which (I) the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock under such transaction exceeds (II) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price applicable to such Award Shares.

If  the  Company  establishes  an  exercise  window,  (i)  any  exercise  of  an  Option  or  SAR  during  such fifteen (15) day period shall be conditioned upon the Change of Control taking place and shall be effective only  immediately  before  the  Change  of  Control  takes  place,  and  (ii)  upon  any  Change  of  Control,  the Plan, and all outstanding but unexercised Options and SARs shall terminate. The Committee shall send written  notice  of  an  event  that  will  result  in  such  a  termination  to  all  individuals  who  hold  Options  and SARs not later than the time at which the Company gives notice to its shareholders.

15.4 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable Award Agreement, in another agreement with the Participant, or as otherwise set forth in writing,  upon  a  Change  of  Control  in  which  outstanding Awards  are  being  assumed  or  continued,  the following provisions shall apply to such Award, to the extent assumed or continued:

The Plan and the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock granted under the Plan shall continue in the manner and under the terms so provided in the event of any Change of Control to the extent that provision is made in writing in connection with such Change of Control for the continuation of the Plan or the assumption of the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock previously granted, or for  the  substitution  for  such  Options,  SARs,  Stock  Units,  and  Restricted  Stock  for  new  common  stock options and stock appreciation rights and new common stock units and restricted stock relating to the stock of a successor entity, or a parent or subsidiary, with appropriate adjustments as to the number of shares and option and stock appreciation right exercise prices.

In the event an Award is assumed, continued, or substituted upon the Change of Control and the Service  of  such  Participant  with  the  Company  or  an  Affiliate  (or  a  successor  entity,  or  a  parent  or subsidiary) is terminated without Cause within one (1) year following the Change of Control, such Award (as assumed, continued, or substituted) shall become fully vested as of the date of such termination and may be exercised in full, to the extent applicable, beginning on the date of such termination and for the one (1) year period immediately following such termination or for such longer period as the Committee shall determine.

15.5 Adjustments. Adjustments  under  this  Section  15.5  related  to  shares  of  Stock  or securities of the Company shall be made by the Committee, whose determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional shares or other securities shall be issued under any such adjustment, and any fractions resulting from any such adjustment shall be eliminated in each case by rounding downward to  the  nearest  whole  share.  The  Committee  shall  determine  the  effect  of  a  Change  of  Control  upon Awards other than Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock, and such effect shall be set forth in the appropriate Award Agreement. The Committee may provide in the Award Agreements at the time of grant, or any time later with the consent of the Participant, for different provisions to apply to an Award in place of those described in Sections 15.1, 15.2, 15.3, and 15.4.

15.6 No Limitations on Company. The making of Awards under the Plan shall not affect or limit in any way the right or power of the Company  to make  adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations,  or  changes  of  its  capital  or  business  structure  or  to  merge,  consolidate,  dissolve,  or liquidate, or to sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets.

## 16. AMENDMENT DATE, DURATION AND AMENDMENTS

16.1 Amendment Date. The Plan is an amendment and restatement of the 2007 Plan and is effective as of the Amendment Date. Following the Amendment Date, no further awards shall be made under  the  Prior  Plans.  However,  shares  of  Stock  reserved  under  the  Prior  Plans  to  settle  awards, including performance-based awards, that were granted under the Prior Plans prior to the Amendment Date may be issued and delivered following the Amendment Date to settle those awards.

16.2 Term. The  Plan  shall  terminate  automatically  on  the  day  before  the  tenth  (10th) anniversary  of  the  Amendment  Date  and  may  be  terminated  on  any  earlier  date  as  provided  in Section 16.3.

16.3 Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The  Committee  may  amend,  suspend,  or terminate the Plan. No amendment will be made to the no-re-pricing provisions of Section 2.2, the Option Price provisions of Section 6.1, or the SAR Exercise Price provisions of Section 7.1 without the approval of  the  Company's  shareholders.  Other  amendments  will  be  contingent  on  approval  of  the  Company's shareholders to the extent stated by the Committee, required by applicable law, or required by applicable stock exchange listing requirements.

No  Awards  shall  be  made  after  termination  of  the  Plan.  No  amendment,  suspension,  or termination of the Plan shall impair rights or obligations under any Participant's Award under the Plan, without the consent of the Participant.

## 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS

17.1 Disclaimer of Rights. No provision in the Plan or in any Award or Award Agreement shall be construed to confer upon any individual the right to remain in the employ or service of the Company, or to interfere in any way with any contractual or other right or authority of the Company either to increase or decrease  the  compensation  or  other  payments  to  any  individual  at  any  time,  or  to  terminate  any employment or other relationship between any individual and the Company. In addition, notwithstanding anything  contained  in  the  Plan  to  the  contrary,  unless  otherwise  stated  in  the  applicable  Award Agreement, no Award granted under the Plan shall be affected by any change of duties or position of the Participant, so long as such Participant continues to be a Service Provider of the Company or an Affiliate. The obligation of the Company to pay any benefits under this Plan shall be interpreted as a contractual obligation  to  pay  only  those  amounts  described  in  the  Plan,  in  the  manner  and  under  the  conditions prescribed in the Plan. The Plan shall in no way be interpreted to require the Company to transfer any amounts to a third party trustee or otherwise hold any amounts in trust or escrow for payment to any Participant or beneficiary under the terms of the Plan.

17.2 Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the submission of the Plan to the shareholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations upon the right and authority of the Committee to adopt such other incentive compensation arrangements (which arrangements may be applicable either generally to a class or classes of individuals or specifically to a particular  individual  or  particular  individuals)  as  the  Committee  in  its  discretion  determines  desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options otherwise than under the Plan.

17.3 Withholding Taxes. The Company shall have the right to deduct from payments of any kind otherwise due to a Participant any federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld  relating  to  the  vesting  of  or  other  lapse  of  restrictions  applicable  to  an  Award  or  upon  the issuance of any shares of Stock upon the exercise of an Option or Award. At the time of such vesting, lapse, exercise or issuance, the Participant shall pay to the Company, any amount that the Company may reasonably determine to be necessary to satisfy such withholding obligation. Subject to the prior approval of the Company, which may be withheld by the Company in its sole discretion, the Participant may elect to satisfy  such  obligations,  in  whole  or  in  part:  (i)  by  causing  the  Company  to  withhold  shares  of  Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant or (ii) by delivering to the Company shares of Stock already owned by  the  Participant.  The  shares  of  Stock  so  delivered  or  withheld  shall  have  an  aggregate  Fair  Market Value equal to such withholding obligations. The Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock used to satisfy such withholding obligation shall be determined by the Company as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. A Participant who has made an election under this Section 17.3 may satisfy his or her withholding obligation only with shares of Stock that are not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar requirements. The maximum number of shares of Stock that may be withheld from any Award to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding requirements upon the  exercise,  vesting,  lapse  of  restrictions  applicable  to  such Award  or  payment  of  shares  under  such Award, as applicable,  cannot  exceed  such  number  of  shares  having  a  Fair  Market  Value  equal  to  the minimum statutory amount required by the Company to be withheld and paid to any such federal, state or local taxing authority relating to such exercise, vesting, lapse of restrictions or payment of shares.

17.4 Captions. The  use  of  captions  in  this  Plan  or  any  Award  Agreement  is  for  the convenience of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any provision of the Plan or such Award Agreement.

17.5 Other Provisions. Each Award granted under the Plan may contain such other terms and  conditions  not  inconsistent  with  the  Plan  as  may  be  determined  by  the  Committee,  in  its  sole discretion.

17.6 Severability. If any provision of the Plan or any Award Agreement shall be determined to be  illegal  or  unenforceable  by  any  court  of  law  in  any  jurisdiction,  the  remaining  provisions  shall  be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction.

17.7 Governing  Law. The  validity and  construction  of this  Plan  and  the  instruments evidencing the Awards under the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, other than any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Plan and the instruments evidencing the Awards granted under the Plan to the substantive laws of any other jurisdiction.

17.8 Code  Section  409A. For  Awards  that  constitute  nonqualified  deferred  compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the Company generally intends, but is not obligated, to grant Awards that will comply with Code Section 409A or an exemption to Code Section 409A. To the extent that the Committee determines that a Participant would be subject to the additional twenty percent (20%) tax imposed on certain nonqualified deferred compensation plans under Code Section 409A as a result of any provision  of  any Award  granted  under  this  Plan,  such  provision  shall  be  deemed  amended  to  the minimum extent necessary to avoid application of such additional tax. The nature of any such amendment shall be determined by the Committee.

*     *     *

## PUBLIC STORAGE 2021 EQUITY AND PERFORMANCE-BASED INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

## Effective April 26, 2021

## 1. GENERAL PURPOSES OF THE PLAN; DEFINITIONS

The  purposes  of  this  Plan  are  to  enhance  the  Company's  ability  to  attract  and  retain  highly  qualified officers,  directors,  key  employees,  and  other  persons,  and  to  motivate  such  persons  to  serve  the Company and its Affiliates to improve the business results and earnings of the Company, by providing to such  persons  an  opportunity  to  acquire  or  increase  a  direct  proprietary  interest  in  the  operations  and future success of the Company.

The following terms shall be defined as set forth below:

' Affiliate '  means  (i)  any  entity  that  is,  directly  or  indirectly,  controlled  by  the  Company,  including  a Subsidiary, and (ii) any other entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest or which has a significant equity interest in the Company, in either case as determined by the Committee.

' Annual Incentive Award ' means an Award made for achieving performance goals over a performance period of up to one year (the Company's fiscal year, unless otherwise specified by the Committee).

' Award '  means  a  grant  of  an  Option,  Stock Appreciation  Right,  Restricted  Stock,  Unrestricted  Stock, Stock Unit, Dividend Equivalent Rights, or cash award under the Plan.

' Award Agreement ' means the written agreement between the Company and a Participant that sets out the terms and conditions of an Award.

' Board ' means the Board of Trustees of the Company.

' Cause '  means any of the following that the Committee determines may materially injure the financial condition  or  business  reputation  of  the  Company:  (i)  any  willful  act  or  omission  by  a  Participant constituting dishonesty, fraud or other malfeasance and (ii) any material breach of an agreement between a Participant and the Company.

' Change of Control ' means the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) the dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or a merger, consolidation or reorganization of the Company with one or more entities in which the Company is not the surviving entity; (ii) a sale of substantially all of the Company's assets; (iii) a merger  in  which  the  Company  is  the  surviving  entity  but  after  which  the  Company's  shareholders immediately prior to such merger cease to own their shares or other equity interest in the Company; or (iv)  the  acquisition,  sale  or  transfer  of  more  than  30%  of  the  Company's  outstanding  shares  by  tender offer or similar transaction.

' Code ' means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as now in effect or as later amended. References to particular sections shall as appropriate take into account related rules, regulations and interpretations.

' Committee ' means the Board, or the committee appointed by the Board to administer the Plan, which shall  be  composed of not less than two Outside Trustees, each of whom shall (i) be a 'non-employee director' within the meaning of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act; and (ii) comply with the independence requirements under the applicable stock exchange listing requirements. Until otherwise determined by the Board, the Compensation Committee of the Board shall be the designated Committee under the Plan with respect to Awards.

' Company '  means  Public  Storage,  a  Maryland  real  estate  investment  trust,  or  its  successors.  As appropriate in the context, references to the Company will include references to Affiliates.

' Disability ' means the Participant is unable to perform the essential duties of such Participant's position by reason of a medically determinable physical or mental impairment which is potentially permanent in character or which can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months.

' Dividend  Equivalent  Right '  means  a  right,  granted  under  Section  11,  to  receive  cash,  Stock,  other Awards or other  property  equal  in  value  to  dividends  paid  relating  to  a  specified  number  of  shares  of Stock, or other periodic payments.

' Effective Date ' means April 26, 2021, the date the Plan was approved by the Company's shareholders.

' Exchange Act ' means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as now in effect or as amended.

' Fair Market Value ' of the Stock on any given date means the last reported sale price at which Stock is traded on such date or, if no Stock is traded on such date, the most recent date on which Stock was traded, as reflected on the New York Stock Exchange or, if applicable, any other national exchange on which the Stock is traded. If the Stock is not then listed on any established national or regional exchange, Fair  Market  Value  shall  be  the  value  of  the  Stock  as  determined  by  the  Committee  in  good  faith  in  a manner consistent with Code Section 409A.

' Family Member ' means a person who is a spouse, former spouse, child, stepchild, grandchild, parent, stepparent, grandparent, niece, nephew, mother-in-law, father-in-law, son-in-law, daughter-in-law, brother, sister,  brother-in-law,  or  sister-in-law,  including  adoptive  relationships,  of  the  Participant,  any  person sharing the Participant's household (other than a tenant or employee), a trust in which any one or more of these  persons  (and/or  the  Participant)  have  more  than  fifty  percent  (50%)  of  the  beneficial  interest,  a foundation in which any one or more of these persons (and/or the Participant) control the management of assets, and any other entity in which one or more of these persons (and/or the Participant) own more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests.

' Grant Date ' means, as determined by the Committee, the latest to occur of: (i) the date as of which the Committee approves an Award; (ii) the date the recipient first becomes eligible to receive an Award; or (iii) such other date specified by the Committee.

' Non-qualified  Stock  Option '  means  an  Option  that  is  not  an  incentive  stock  option  under  Code Section 422.

' Option ' means an option to purchase one or more shares of Stock under the Plan.

' Option Price ' means the exercise price for each share of Stock subject to an Option.

' Outside Trustee ' means a member of the Board who is not an officer or employee of the Company.

' Participant ' means a person who receives or holds an Award under the Plan.

' Performance  Award '  means  an  Award  based  on  achieving  performance  goals  over  a  performance period of up to ten (10) years.

' Plan ' means this Public Storage 2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended from time to time.

' Prior Plans ' means the Company's 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan and the Company's 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan.

' Purchase Price ' means the purchase price for each share of Stock under a grant of Restricted Stock or Unrestricted Stock.

' Restricted Stock ' means shares of Stock awarded under Section 8.

' SAR ' means a right granted under Section 7.

' SAR Exercise Price ' means the per share exercise price of a SAR granted under Section 7.

' Securities Act ' means the Securities Act of 1933, as now in effect or as amended.

' Service ' means service as a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant's change in position or duties shall not result in interrupted

or terminated Service, so long as the Participant continues to be a Service Provider to the Company or an Affiliate.  Subject  to  the  preceding  sentence,  whether  a  termination  of  Service  shall  have  occurred  for purposes of the Plan shall be determined by the Committee, which determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

' Service Provider ' means an employee, officer, trustee, or director of the Company or an Affiliate, or a consultant or adviser currently providing services to the Company or an Affiliate.

' Stock ' means the common shares of beneficial interest, par value $0.10 per share, of the Company.

' Stock  Unit '  means  a  bookkeeping  entry  representing  the  equivalent  of  one  share  of  Stock  awarded under Section 8.

' Subsidiary ' means any corporation that at the time qualifies as a subsidiary of the Company under the definition of 'subsidiary corporation' in Code  Section  424(f). Notwithstanding  the foregoing, the Committee, in its sole and absolute discretion, may determine that any entity in which the Company has a significant equity or other interest is a 'Subsidiary.'

' Substitute  Awards '  means Awards  granted  to  replace  outstanding  awards  previously  granted  by  an entity acquired by the Company or with which the Company combines.

' Unrestricted Stock ' means an Award under Section 9.

## 2. ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

2.1 Administration. The  Committee  shall  have  such  powers  and  authorities related to the administration  of  the  Plan  as  are  consistent  with  the  Company's  declaration  of  trust  and  by-laws  and applicable law, and shall administer the Plan. As to the selection of, and Awards to, Participants who are not  subject  to  Section  16  of  the  Exchange  Act,  the  Committee  may  delegate  any  or  all  of  its responsibilities to one or more members of the Board.

Subject to the provisions of the Plan, the Committee shall have complete control over the administration of the Plan and shall have the authority in its sole discretion to (a) designate Participants, (b) construe, interpret and implement the Plan and all Award Agreements, (c) establish, amend, and rescind any rules and regulations relating to the Plan, (d) grant Awards, (e) determine who shall receive Awards, when such Awards shall be made, the terms and conditions of each Award (including the Option Price of any Option and any restrictions or conditions relating to the vesting, exercise, lapse, transfer, or forfeiture of an Award or related Stock) and terms and provisions of Award Agreements, (f) establish plans supplemental to this Plan  covering  individuals  who  are  foreign  nationals  or  are  employed  or  residing  outside  of  the  United States, (g) provide for mandatory or voluntary deferrals of Awards and (h) make all other determinations in  its  discretion  that  it  may  deem  necessary  or  advisable  for  the  administration  of  the  Plan.  The Committee may correct any defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any Award Agreement in the manner and to the extent it shall deem desirable to carry the Plan or any such Award Agreement into effect.

Subject to the other terms and conditions of the Plan, including the limitation on re-pricing under this Plan, the  Committee  shall  have  full  and  final  authority  to  amend,  modify,  or  supplement  the  terms  of  any outstanding  Award.  Notwithstanding  anything  in  the  Plan  to  the  contrary:  (i)  the  Committee  shall  be entitled  to  make  non-uniform  and  selective  determinations  under  the  Plan,  and  (ii)  no  amendment, modification, or supplement of any Award shall, without the consent of an affected Participant, impair the Participant's rights under such Award. The determinations of the Committee in the administration of the Plan shall be final and conclusive.

2.2 Forfeitures and Clawback; No Re-Pricing. Any Award granted pursuant to the Plan shall be subject to mandatory repayment by the Participant to the Company (x) to the extent set forth in this Plan or an Award Agreement or (y) to the extent the Participant is, or in the future becomes, subject to (1) the Company's Incentive Compensation Recoupment Policy or similar successor policy, or (2) any applicable laws which impose mandatory recoupment, under circumstances set forth in such applicable laws.

In addition, the Company may retain the right in an Award Agreement to cause a forfeiture of the gain realized  by  a  Participant  on  account  of  actions  taken  by  the  Participant  in  violation  or  breach  of  or  in conflict  with  any  employment  agreement,  non-competition  agreement,  any  agreement  prohibiting

solicitation  of  employees or clients of the Company or any confidentiality obligation with respect to the Company or otherwise in competition with the Company, to the extent specified in such Award Agreement. Furthermore, the Company may annul an Award if the Participant is an employee of the Company and is terminated for Cause as defined in the applicable Award Agreement or the Plan.

No amendment or modification may be made to an outstanding Option or SAR which reduces the Option Price  or  SAR  Exercise  Price,  by  lowering  the  Option  Price  or  SAR  Exercise  Price  or  by  canceling  the outstanding Option or SAR in exchange for cash, other securities or a replacement Option or SAR with a lower Option Price or SAR Exercise Price, in each case without the approval of the shareholders of the Company,  provided,  that,  appropriate  adjustments  may  be  made  to  outstanding  Options  and  SARs pursuant to Section 15 and may be made if such amendment or modification would not be deemed to be a re-pricing under applicable stock exchange listing requirements.

2.3 Deferral Arrangement. The Committee may permit or require the deferral of any Award payment into  a  deferred  compensation  arrangement,  subject  to  such  rules  and  procedures  as  it  may  establish, which may include provisions for the payment or crediting of interest or dividend equivalents, including converting such credits into deferred Stock equivalents. Any such deferrals shall be made in a manner designed to comply with Code Section 409A.

2.4 No Liability. No member of the Board or of the Committee shall be liable for any action taken in good faith relating to the Plan, any Award, or any Award Agreement. Neither the Company, an Affiliate, the Board, the Committee, nor any person acting on any of their behalf shall be liable to any Participant or to the estate or beneficiary of any Participant or to any other holder of an Award under the Plan as a result of any acceleration of income, or any additional tax (including any interest and penalties), asserted relating to  the  failure  of  an  Award  to  satisfy  the  requirements  of  Code  Section  409A  or  relating  to  Code Section 4999, or otherwise asserted relating to the Award; provided, that this Section 2.4 shall not affect any  of  the  rights  or  obligations  set  forth  in  an  applicable  agreement  between  the  Participant  and  the Company.

## 3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

3.1 Aggregate Share Limit. Subject to adjustment as provided in Section 3.3 and Section 15, the maximum number of shares of Stock with respect to which Awards may be granted under the Plan shall be three million (3,000,000) shares of Stock, plus the carryover shares remaining from: (a) the number of shares of Stock available for future awards under the Prior Plans as of the Effective Date, plus (b) the number of shares of Stock related to awards outstanding under the Prior Plans as of the Effective Date that later terminate by expiration, forfeiture, cancellation, or otherwise without the issuance of such shares of Stock (the ' Share Limit ').

3.2 Reissue of Awards and Stock. Awards payable in cash or payable in cash or Stock, including Restricted Stock, that are forfeited, cancelled, or for any reason do not vest under this Plan, and Stock that are subject to Awards that expire or for any reason are terminated, cancelled or fail to vest shall be available for subsequent Awards under this Plan. If an Award under this Plan is or may be settled only in cash, such Award need not be counted against the Share Limit. Stock subject to Options or SARs that are exercised shall not be available for subsequent Awards. The following transactions involving Stock will not result in additional Stock becoming available for subsequent Awards under this Plan: (i) Stock tendered or not  issued  in  payment  of  an  Option  or  in  net  settlement  of  a  SAR;  (ii)  Stock  withheld  for  taxes;  and (iii) Stock repurchased by the Company using Option proceeds.

3.3 Adjustments. The Committee shall have the right to substitute or assume Awards in connection with mergers, reorganizations, separations, or other transactions to which Code Section 424(a) applies. The Share Limit may be increased by the corresponding number of Awards assumed and, in the case of a substitution, by the net increase in the number of shares of Stock subject to Awards before and after the substitution.

## 4. AWARD ELIGIBILITY AND LIMITATIONS

4.1 Service Providers and Other Persons. Subject to this Section 4, Awards may be made under the Plan to: (i) any Service Provider to the Company or any Affiliate, as the Committee shall determine and designate and (ii) any other individual whose participation in the Plan is determined to be in the best interests of the Company by the Committee.

4.2 Successive Awards and Substitute Awards. An  eligible  person  may  receive  more  than  one Award, subject to such restrictions as are provided in the Plan. Notwithstanding Sections 6.1 and 7.1, the Option Price or the SAR Exercise Price of a Substitute Award may be less than 100% of the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the original date of grant; provided that the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price is determined in accordance with the principles of Code Section 424.

4.3 Individual Limits. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act:

(i) the maximum number of shares of Stock subject to Options or SARs that can be granted under  the  Plan  to  any  person  (other  than  an  Outside  Trustee)  eligible  for  an  Award  under Section 4 is one million (1,000,000) per calendar year; and

(ii) the  maximum value  that  can  be  granted  under  the  Plan  to  any  person  (other  than  an Outside  Trustee)  eligible  for  an Award  under  Section  4  other  than  Options  or  SARs  is  fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) per calendar year in the aggregate for all such Awards.

The limitations in this Section 4.3 are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 15.

4.4 Minimum Vesting Requirements. No Award (or portion of any Award) granted under the Plan shall become exercisable or vested prior to the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date of such Award; provided, however, that such restriction shall not apply to Awards granted under the Plan with respect to the number of shares of Stock which, in the aggregate, does not exceed five percent (5%) of the Share Limit  (subject  to  adjustment  under  Section  15).  This  Section  4.4  shall  not  restrict  the  right  of  the Committee to provide for the acceleration or continuation of the vesting or exercisability of an Award upon or after a termination of employment or service or otherwise, including, without limitation, as a result of a termination without Cause, death, Disability, retirement or constructive termination.

## 5. AWARD AGREEMENT

Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement, in such form or forms as the Committee shall from time to time determine. Award Agreements do not need to contain the same or similar provisions, but shall be consistent with the terms of the Plan.

## 6. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS

6.1 Non-qualified Stock Options and Option Price. All  Options  granted  under  this  Plan  shall  be Non-qualified Stock Options. The Option Price of each Option shall be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement. The Option Price of each Option shall be at least the Fair Market Value on the Grant Date of a share of Stock. In no case shall the Option Price of any Option be less than the par value of a share of Stock.

6.2 Vesting. Subject  to  Sections  6.4,  15.3,  and  15.4,  each  Option  granted  under  the  Plan  shall become exercisable as the Committee determines, which will be stated in the Award Agreement. Only Options granted to persons who are not entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will vest  or  be  exercisable  within  a  six-month  period  starting  on  the  Grant  Date.  For  purposes  of  this Section 6.2, fractional numbers of shares of Stock subject to an Option shall be rounded down to the next nearest whole number.

6.3 Term. Each Option granted under the Plan shall terminate, and all rights to purchase the related shares of Stock shall cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the Award Agreement relating to that Option.

## 6.4 Termination of Service.

6.4.1 Termination of Service. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant's Service, other than in the case of death or Disability, any Option that  has  not  vested  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  related  Award  Agreement  shall terminate immediately, and any Option that has vested but has not been exercised shall terminate at the close of business on the thirtieth (30th) day following the termination of the Participant's Service  (or  such  longer  period  as  the  Committee,  in  its  discretion,  may  determine  prior  to  the

expiration of such thirty (30) day period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above. Upon termination of an Option, the Participant shall have no further right to purchase shares of Stock under such Option.

6.4.2 Rights  in  the  Event  of  Death  or  Disability. Unless  otherwise  provided  in  an  Award Agreement, upon the termination of the Participant's Service by reason of the Participant's death or  Disability,  all  Options  granted  to  such  Participant  shall  fully  vest  on  the  date  of  death  or termination of the Participant's Service. The Options so vested shall be exercisable for a period of one (1) year after the death or termination of Service (or such longer period as the Committee, in its discretion, may determine prior to the expiration of such one (1) year period), subject to earlier termination of the Option as provided in Section 6.3 above.

6.5 Limitations on Exercise of Option. In  no  event  may  any  Option be exercised, in whole or in part, after the occurrence of an event referred to in Section 15 that results in termination of the Option.

6.6 Method of Exercise. An Option that is exercisable may be exercised by the Participant (or in the event of legal incapacity or incompetency, the Participant's guardian or legal representative, and following a Participant's death, the executors, administrators, legatees or distributees of the Participant's estate) as specified by the Company and shall be accompanied by payment in full of the Option Price of the shares for which the Option is being exercised plus the amount (if any) of federal and/or other taxes which the Company may, in its judgment, be required to withhold relating to an Award.

6.7 Rights of Holders of Options. Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Award Agreement, an individual holding or exercising an Option shall have none of the rights of a shareholder (for example, the right  to  vote  the  shares  or  receive  cash  or  dividend  payments  or  distributions  on  the  shares)  until  the shares of Stock are fully paid and issued. Except as provided in Section 15, no adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions, or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date of such issuance.

6.8 Transferability of Options. Except as provided in Section 6.9, no Option shall be assignable or transferable  by  the  Participant  to  whom  it  is  granted,  other  than  by  will  or  the  laws  of  descent  and distribution.

6.9 Family Transfers. If  authorized in the applicable Award Agreement, a Participant may transfer, not for value, all or part of an Option to any Family Member. For the purpose of this Section 6.9, a 'not for value' transfer is a transfer which is: (i) a gift; (ii) a transfer under a domestic relations order in settlement of marital property rights; or (iii) a transfer to an entity in which more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting interests  (or  relating  to  a  trust,  more  than  fifty  percent  (50%)  of  the  beneficial  interests)  are  owned  by Family Members (and/or the Participant) in exchange for an interest in that entity. Following a transfer under this Section 6.9, any such Option shall continue to be subject to the same terms and conditions that applied immediately prior to transfer. Subsequent transfers of transferred Options are prohibited except to Family Members of the original Participant in accordance with this Section 6.9 or by will or the laws of descent and distribution. The events of termination of Service of Section 6.4 shall continue to be applied to the original Participant, following which the Option shall be exercisable by the transferee only to the extent, and for the periods specified, in Section 6.4.

## 7. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SARS

7.1 Right to Payment and SAR Exercise Price. A  SAR  shall  confer  on  the  Participant  a  right  to receive on exercise the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the date of exercise over (B) the SAR Exercise Price of the SAR as determined by the Committee. The Award Agreement for a SAR shall specify its SAR Exercise Price, which shall be at least the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on  the  Grant  Date. A  SAR  that  is  granted  subsequent  to  the  Grant  Date  in  conjunction  with  a  related Option must have a SAR Exercise Price that is no less than the Fair Market Value of one share of Stock on the SAR Grant Date.

7.2 Other Terms. The Committee shall determine on the Grant Date or later, when and how a SAR may be exercised in whole or in part (including based on achievement of performance goals and/or future Service requirements), the time or times at which SARs shall cease to be or become exercisable following termination of Service or upon other conditions, the method of exercise, method of settlement, form of consideration payable in settlement, method by or forms in which Stock will be delivered or deemed to be delivered  to  Participants,  whether  or  not  a  SAR  shall  be  in  tandem  or  in  combination  with  any  other Award,  and  any  other  terms  and  conditions  of  any  SAR.  Only  SARs  granted  to  persons  who  are  not

entitled to overtime under applicable state or federal laws will be permitted to vest or be exercisable within a six-month period starting on the Grant Date.

7.3 Term. Each  SAR  granted  under  the  Plan  shall  terminate,  and  all  related  rights  shall  cease, ten (10) years after the Grant Date, or under such circumstances and on such earlier date as is set forth in the Plan or as may be fixed by the Committee and stated in the related Award Agreement.

## 8. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK AND STOCK UNITS

8.1 Grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units. Awards of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be made for no consideration (other than par value of the shares which will be deemed paid by Services rendered or to be rendered).

8.2 Restrictions. At the time a grant of Restricted Stock or Stock Units is made, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, establish a period of time (a ' restricted period ') applicable to such Restricted Stock or Stock Units and may prescribe other restrictions, including the satisfaction of corporate or individual performance objectives in accordance with Section 12. Each Award of Restricted Stock or Stock Units may be subject in whole or part to different restrictions. Neither Restricted Stock nor Stock Units may be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, or otherwise encumbered or disposed of during the restricted period or prior to the satisfaction of any other applicable restrictions prescribed by the Committee.

8.3 Stock Certificates and Book Entry. Upon the grant of Restricted Stock, the Committee shall cause a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant to be issued or shall cause share(s) of common stock to be registered in the name of the Participant and held in book-entry form subject to the Company's  directions,  in  each  case  as  soon  as  reasonably  practicable  after  the  Grant  Date.  The Committee may provide in an Award Agreement that either: (i) the Secretary of the Company shall hold any such certificates for the Participant's benefit until such time as the Restricted Stock is forfeited to the Company  or  the  restrictions  lapse;  or  (ii)  any  such  certificates  shall  be  delivered  to  the  Participant; provided,  however,  that  any  such  certificates  shall  bear  a  legend  or  legends  that  comply  with  the applicable securities laws and regulations and makes appropriate reference to the restrictions imposed under  the  Plan  and  the Award Agreement. To  the  extent  shares  of  Restricted  Stock  are  forfeited,  any stock certificates issued to the Participant evidencing such shares shall be returned to the Company, and all  rights  of  the  Participant  to  such  shares  and  as  a  shareholder  with  respect  thereto  shall  terminate without further obligation on the part of the Company.

8.4 Rights of Holders of Restricted Stock. Unless the Committee otherwise provides in an Award Agreement, holders of Restricted Stock shall have the right to vote such Stock and the right to receive any dividends declared or paid relating to such Stock. The Committee may provide that any dividends paid on Restricted Stock must be reinvested in shares of Stock, which may or may not be subject to the same  vesting  conditions  and  restrictions  applicable  to  such  Restricted  Stock.  Dividend  payments  or distributions  declared  or  paid  on  shares  of  Restricted  Stock  which  vest  or  are  earned  based  upon  the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless the applicable performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant shall promptly forfeit and, to the extent already paid or distributed,  repay  to  the  Company  such  dividend  payments  or  distributions.  All  distributions,  if  any, received  by  a  Participant  relating  to  Restricted  Stock  as  a  result  of  any  stock  split,  stock  dividend, combination of shares, or other similar transaction shall be subject to the restrictions applicable to the Restricted Stock.

## 8.5 Rights of Holders of Stock Units.

8.5.1 Voting  and  Dividend  Rights. Unless  the  Committee  otherwise  provides  in  an Award Agreement, holders of Stock Units shall have no rights as shareholders of the Company other than  the  right  to  receive,  upon  the  Company's  payment  of  a  cash  dividend  on  its  outstanding Stock,  a  cash  payment  for  each  Stock  Unit  held  equal  to  the  per-share  dividend  paid  on  the Stock.  Dividend  payments  or  distributions  declared  or  paid  on  shares  underlying  Stock  Units which vest or are earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals for such Stock Units are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant  shall  promptly  forfeit  and,  to  the  extent  already  paid  or  distributed,  repay  to  the Company such dividend payments or distributions. The Committee may also provide that such cash dividend will be deemed reinvested in additional Stock Units at a price per unit equal to the Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date that such dividend is paid.

8.5.2 Creditor's  Rights. A  holder  of  Stock  Units  shall  have  no  rights  other  than  those  of  a general creditor of the Company. Stock Units represent an unfunded and unsecured obligation of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable Award Agreement.

8.6 Termination  of  Service. Unless  otherwise  provided  in  an  Award  Agreement,  upon  the termination of the Participant's Service, other than in the case of death or Disability, any Restricted Stock or Stock Units held by such Participant that have not vested, or for which all applicable restrictions and conditions  have  not  lapsed,  shall  immediately  be  deemed  forfeited,  unless  the  Committee,  in  its discretion, determines otherwise. Upon forfeiture of Restricted Stock or Stock Units, the Participant shall have no further rights relating to such grant, including but not limited to any right to vote Restricted Stock or any right to receive dividends relating to shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units.

8.7 Rights in the Event of Death or Disability. Unless otherwise provided in an Award Agreement, upon  the  termination  of  the  Participant's  Service  by  reason  of  the  Participant's  death  or  Disability,  all Restricted Stock and Stock Units granted to such Participant shall fully vest on the date of death or date of  termination  of  Service,  and  the  related  shares  of  Stock  shall  be  deliverable  in  accordance  with  the terms of the Plan, in the case of death, to the executors, administrators, legatees, or distributees of the Participant's estate, or in the case of Disability, to the Participant.

8.8 Purchase  of  Restricted  Stock. The  Participant  shall  be  required,  to  the  extent  required  by applicable  law,  to  purchase  the  Restricted  Stock  from  the  Company  at  a  Purchase  Price  equal  to  the greater of: (i) the aggregate par value of the shares of Stock represented by such Restricted Stock; or (ii)  the  Purchase Price, if any, specified in the Award Agreement relating to such Restricted Stock. The Purchase Price shall be payable in a form described in Section 10 or, in the discretion of the Committee, in consideration for past or future Services rendered.

8.9 Delivery of Stock. Upon the expiration or termination of any restricted period and the satisfaction of any other applicable conditions, the restrictions on shares of Restricted Stock or Stock Units settled in Stock shall lapse, and, unless otherwise provided in the Award Agreement, a stock certificate for such shares shall be delivered, free of all such restrictions, to the Participant or the Participant's beneficiary or estate, as the case may be. Neither the Participant, nor the Participant's beneficiary or estate, shall have any further rights with regard to a Stock Unit once the share of Stock represented by the Stock Unit has been delivered.

## 9. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF UNRESTRICTED STOCK AWARDS

Subject to Section 4.4, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, grant (or sell at par value or such other higher  purchase  price  determined  by  the  Committee)  an  Unrestricted  Stock  Award  to  any  Participant under which such Participant may receive shares of Stock free of any restrictions (' Unrestricted Stock ') under  the  Plan.  Unrestricted  Stock  Awards  may  be  granted  or  sold  as  described  in  the  preceding sentence in respect of past services and other valid consideration, or in lieu of, or in addition to, any cash compensation due to such Participant.

## 10. FORM OF PAYMENT FOR OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED STOCK

10.1 General Rule. Payment of the Option Price for the shares purchased under the exercise of an Option  or  the  Purchase  Price  for  Restricted  Stock  shall  be  made  in  cash  or  in  cash  equivalents acceptable to the Company.

10.2 Surrender  of  Stock. To  the  extent  the Award Agreement  so  provides,  payment  of  the  Option Price for shares purchased under the exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made all or in part through the tender to the Company of shares of Stock, which shall be valued, for  purposes  of  determining  the  extent  to  which  the  Option  Price  or  Purchase  Price  has  been  paid thereby, at their Fair Market Value on the date of surrender.

10.3 Cashless Exercise. As to Options only (and not as to Restricted Stock), to the extent permitted by  law  and  to  the  extent  the  Award  Agreement  so  provides,  payment  of  the  Option  Price  for  shares purchased under the exercise of an Option may be made all or in part by delivery (on a form acceptable to the Committee) of an irrevocable direction to a licensed securities broker acceptable to the Company to sell shares of Stock and to deliver all or part of the sales proceeds to the Company in payment of the Option Price and any withholding taxes described in Section 17.3.

10.4 Other  Forms  of  Payment. To  the  extent  the  Award  Agreement  so  provides,  payment  of  the Option Price for shares purchased under exercise of an Option or the Purchase Price for Restricted Stock may be made in any other form that is consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and rules, including: (i) for Restricted Stock, Service rendered or to be rendered by the Participant thereof to the Company or an Affiliate; and (ii) with the consent of the Company, by withholding the number of shares of Stock that would otherwise vest or be issuable in an amount equal in value to the Option Price or Purchase Price and/or the required tax withholding amount.

## 11. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT RIGHTS

11.1 Dividend Equivalent Rights. A Dividend Equivalent Right may be granted under the Plan to any Participant,  the  terms  and  conditions  of  which  shall  be  specified  in  the  Award  Agreement.  Dividend equivalents  credited  to  the  holder  of  a  Dividend  Equivalent  Right  may  be  paid  currently  or  may  be deemed to be reinvested in additional shares of Stock, which may later accrue additional equivalents. Any such reinvestment shall be at Fair Market Value on the date of reinvestment. Dividend Equivalent Rights may be settled in cash or Stock or a combination, in a single installment or installments, all determined in the  sole  discretion  of  the  Committee. A  Dividend  Equivalent  Right  granted  as  a  component  of  another Award may provide that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall be settled upon exercise, settlement, or payment of, or lapse of restrictions on, such other Award, and that such Dividend Equivalent Right shall expire or be forfeited or annulled under the same conditions as such other Award. A Dividend Equivalent Right  granted  as  a  component  of  another Award  may  also  contain  terms  and  conditions  different  from such other Award. Dividend Equivalent Rights granted as a component of another Award which vests or is earned based upon the achievement of performance goals shall not vest unless such performance goals are achieved, and if the goals are not achieved, the Participant of such Dividend Equivalent Rights shall promptly  forfeit  and,  to  the  extent  already  paid  or  distributed,  repay  to  the  Company  payments  or distributions made in connection with such Dividend Equivalent Rights.

11.2 Termination of Service. Except as may otherwise be provided by the Committee either in the Award  Agreement  or  in  writing  after  the  Award  Agreement  is  issued,  and  subject  to  Section  15,  a Participant's rights in all Dividend Equivalent Rights or interest equivalents shall automatically terminate upon the Participant's termination of Service for any reason.

## 12. TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF PERFORMANCE AND ANNUAL INCENTIVE AWARDS

12.1 Performance Conditions. The right of a Participant to exercise or receive a grant or settlement of any Award, and the timing, may be subject to such performance conditions as may be specified by the Committee. The Committee may use such business criteria and other measures of performance as it may deem appropriate in establishing any performance conditions and may exercise its discretion to increase or reduce the amounts payable under any Award subject to performance conditions.

12.2 Performance  Goals  Generally. The  performance  goals  for  Performance  or  Annual  Incentive Awards may consist of one or more business criteria and a targeted level or levels of performance relating to  each  of  such  criteria,  as  specified  by  the  Committee.  Performance  goals  may  be  subjective  or objective. The Committee may determine that Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be granted, exercised,  and/or  settled  upon  achievement  of  any  one  performance  goal  or  that  two  or  more  of  the performance  goals  must  be  achieved  as  a  condition  to  grant,  exercise,  and/or  settlement  of  such Performance  or  Annual  Incentive  Awards.  Performance  goals  may  differ  for  Performance  or  Annual Incentive Awards granted to any one Participant or to different Participants.

12.3 Business Criteria. The Committee may use one or more of the following criteria or measures of performance as it may deem appropriate (or such other criteria or measures of performance as it may deem appropriate):

(i) changes in funds from operation (FFO), Core FFO, or FFO as adjusted, including on a per share basis;

- (ii) changes in funds available for distribution (FAD);
- (iii) same store revenue growth or targets or other sales or revenue growth or targets;
- (iv) changes in net asset value (NAV);

(v) changes  in  total  shareholder  value  (TSV)  based  on  changes  in  NAV  per  share  and dividend distributions;

- (vi) changes in intrinsic business value;
- (vii) stock price or total shareholder return;

(viii) implementation, commencement, or completion of critical or strategic projects, acquisitions, or processes;

(ix) return  measures,  including  return  on  invested  capital  and  return  on  assets,  capital, investment, or equity;

- (x) divestiture, joint venture, or development activity;

(xi) measures  related to geographic business expansion or market share, customer satisfaction, employee satisfaction, human resources management, legal matters, or information technology;

- (xii) net earnings or net income;
- (xiii) operating earnings;
- (xiv) gross or operating margins, or
- (xv) any combination of any of the foregoing.

These business criteria need not be based on an increase or positive result under the business criteria selected.  The  criteria  may  be  determined  on  a  consolidated  basis  for  the  Company,  and/or  based  on specified subsidiaries or business units, may be expressed on an absolute basis or relative to an index, budget  or  other  standard  specified  by  the  Committee,  and  will  be  calculated  in  accordance  with  the Company's  financial  statements,  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  if  applicable,  or  other methodology established by the Committee, including the effect (whether positive or negative) of changes in accounting standards or any unusual or infrequently occurring event or transaction occurring after the establishment of the performance goals applicable to a performance award.

12.4 Settlement of Performance or Annual Incentive Awards; Other Terms. Settlement  of  such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be in cash, Stock, other Awards, or other property, in the discretion of the Committee. The Committee may, in its discretion, increase or reduce the amount of a settlement otherwise to be made in connection with such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards. The Committee shall specify the circumstances in which such Performance or Annual Incentive Awards shall be  paid  or  forfeited  in  the  event  of  termination  of  Service  by  the  Participant  prior  to  the  end  of  a performance period or settlement of Performance Awards.

## 13. PARACHUTE LIMITATIONS

For  purposes  of  this  Section  13:  (i)  other  than  agreements  relating  to  the  Plan,  any  other  agreement, contract,  or  understanding  previously  or  subsequently  entered  into  by  a  Participant  with  the  Company, except an agreement, contract, or understanding that expressly addresses Code Section 280G or Code Section 4999, is defined as an ' Other Agreement ';  and  (ii)  any  other  formal  or  informal  plan  or  other arrangement for the direct or indirect provision of compensation to the Participant (including groups or classes  of  Participants  or  beneficiaries  of  which  the  Participant  is  a  member),  whether  or  not  such compensation is deferred, is in cash, or is in the form of a benefit to or for the Participant is defined as a ' Benefit Arrangement '.

If  the  Participant  is  a  'disqualified  individual'  as  defined  in  Code  Section  280G(c)  and  any  exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit to the Participant under this Plan would be considered a 'parachute payment' under  Code  Section  280G(b)(2),  taking  into  account  all  rights,  payments,  or  benefits  to  or  for  the Participant  under  this  Plan,  all  Other  Agreements,  and  all  Benefit  Arrangements  (a  ' Parachute Payment '), any right of the Participant to any exercise, vesting, payment, or benefit under this Plan shall

be reduced or eliminated to the minimum extent to permit Participant to receive more on a net after-tax basis.

Except as required by Code Section 409A or to the extent that Code Section 409A permits discretion, the Committee shall  have  the  right,  in  its  sole  discretion,  to  designate  those  rights,  payments,  or  benefits under the Plan, all Other Agreements, and all Benefit Arrangements that should be reduced or eliminated so as to avoid having such rights, payments, or benefits be considered a Parachute Payment. However, to  the  extent  any  payment  or  benefit  constitutes  deferred  compensation  under  Code  Section  409A,  in order to comply with Code Section 409A, the Company shall instead accomplish such reduction by first reducing or eliminating any cash payments (with the payments to be made furthest in the future being reduced first), then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Performance Awards, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated vesting of Options or SARs, then by reducing or eliminating any accelerated  vesting  of  Restricted  Stock  or  Stock  Units,  then  by  reducing  or  eliminating  any  other remaining Parachute Payments.

## 14. REQUIREMENTS OF LAW

14.1 General. The  Company  shall  not  be  required  to  sell  or  issue  any  shares  of  Stock  under  any Award if the sale or issuance of such shares would constitute a violation by the Participant, any other individual exercising an Option, or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation, including any federal or state securities laws or regulations, and may condition such sale or issuance upon the listing, registration,  or  qualification  of  such  shares  upon  any  securities  exchange  or  under  any  governmental regulatory body to the extent determined to be necessary or desirable by the Company in its discretion. Any  resulting  delay  shall  in  no  way  affect  the  date  of  termination  of  the  Award.  Without  limiting  the generality  of  the  foregoing,  unless  a  registration  statement  under  the  Securities Act  is  in  effect  for  the shares of Stock covered by an Option or other Award, the Company shall not be required to sell or issue any shares upon exercise of any Option or underlying any Award unless the Committee has received evidence satisfactory to it that the Participant or any other individual exercising an Option may acquire such shares under an exemption from registration under the Securities Act. Any such determination by the Committee shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The Company may, but shall in no event be obligated to,  register  any  applicable  securities  under  the  Securities Act  or  take  any  affirmative  action  in  order  to cause the exercise of an Option or the issuance of shares of Stock under the Plan to comply with any law or regulation. As to any jurisdiction that expressly imposes the requirement that an Option shall not be exercisable  until  the  shares  of  Stock  covered  by  such  Option  are  registered  or  are  exempt  from registration, the exercise of such Option (under circumstances in which the laws of such jurisdiction apply) shall  be  deemed  conditioned  upon  the  effectiveness  of  such  registration  or  the  availability  of  such  an exemption.

14.2 Rule 16b-3. During any time when the Company has a class of equity security registered under Section  12  of  the  Exchange Act,  it  is  the  intent  of  the  Company  that Awards  under  the  Plan  and  the exercise of Options granted under the plan will qualify for the exemption provided by Rule 16b-3 under the  Exchange Act.  To  the  extent  that  any  provision  of  the  Plan  or  action  by  the  Committee  does  not comply with the requirements of Rule 16b-3, it shall be deemed inoperative to the extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee, and shall not affect the validity of the Plan. If Rule 16b-3 is revised  or  replaced,  the  Committee  may  exercise  its  discretion  to  modify  this  Plan  in  any  respect necessary to satisfy the requirements of, or to take advantage of any features of, the revised exemption or its replacement.

## 15. EFFECT OF CHANGES IN CAPITALIZATION

15.1 Changes in Stock. If the number of outstanding shares of Stock is increased or decreased or the shares of Stock are changed into or exchanged for a different number or kind of shares or other securities of the Company on account of any corporate transaction effected without receipt of consideration by the Company  occurring  after  the  Effective  Date,  the  number  and  kinds  of  shares  (i)  for  which  grants  of Options and other Awards may be made under the Plan (including the individual share limitation set forth in  Section  4.3(i))  and  (ii)  for  which  Awards  are  outstanding  shall  be  adjusted  proportionately  and accordingly  by  the  Company,  with  the  adjustment  to  outstanding  Awards  to  be  made  so  that  the proportionate interest of the Participant immediately following such event shall, to the extent practicable, be the same as immediately before such event. Any such adjustment in outstanding Options or SARs shall not change the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price payable for shares that are subject to the unexercised portion of an outstanding Option or SAR, as applicable, but shall include a corresponding

proportionate  adjustment  in  the  Option  Price  or  SAR  Exercise  Price  per  share. The  conversion  of  any convertible  securities  of  the  Company  shall  not  be  treated  as  an  increase  in  shares  effected  without receipt of consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of any distribution to the Company's shareholders  of  securities  of  any  entity  other  than  the  Company  or  other  assets  (including  an extraordinary  dividend  but  excluding  a  non-extraordinary  dividend  of  the  Company)  without  receipt  of consideration by the Company, the Company shall, in such manner as the Company deems appropriate, adjust (i) the number and kind of shares subject to outstanding Awards and/or (ii) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of outstanding Options and SARs to reflect such distribution.

15.2 Reorganization in Which the Company Is the Surviving Entity and in Which No Change of Control  Occurs. If  the  Company  shall  be  the  surviving  entity  in  any  reorganization,  merger,  or consolidation of the Company with one or more other entities in which no Change of Control occurs, any Option or SAR previously granted under the Plan shall pertain to and apply to the shares of Stock to which  a  holder  of  the  shares  of  Stock  subject  to  such  Option  or  SAR  would  have  been  entitled immediately following such reorganization, merger, or consolidation, with a corresponding proportionate adjustment of the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price per share so that the resulting aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price will be the same as the aggregate Option Price or SAR Exercise Price of the shares subject to the Option or SAR immediately prior to such reorganization, merger, or consolidation. Subject to any contrary language in an Award Agreement evidencing an Award, any restrictions applicable to such Award shall apply as well to any replacement shares received by the Participant as a result of the reorganization,  merger,  or  consolidation.  In  the  event  of  a  transaction  described  in  this  Section  15.2, Stock Units and other Awards shall be adjusted so as to apply to the shares of Stock that the holder of the shares  of  Stock  subject  to  such  Stock  Units  or  other  Awards  would  have  been  entitled  to  receive immediately following such transaction.

15.3 Change of Control in Which Awards Are Not Assumed. Except as otherwise provided in the applicable  Award  Agreement,  in  another  agreement  with  the  Participant,  or  as  otherwise  set  forth  in writing, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control in which outstanding Awards are not being assumed or continued:

(i) with the exception of Performance Awards and Annual Incentive Awards, all outstanding shares  of  Restricted  Stock  and  all  Stock  Units  shall  be  deemed  to  have  vested,  and  all restrictions and conditions applicable to such shares of Restricted Stock and Stock Units shall be deemed to have lapsed immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control, and

(ii) for  Performance  Awards  and  Annual  Incentive  Awards,  all  performance  goals  and conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied immediately prior to the occurrence of such Change of Control based on either actual performance as of a date reasonably close to the date of  the  Change  of  Control  or  target  performance,  as  determined  by  the  Committee  in  its  sole discretion, and such Awards shall become payable pro-rata based on the portion of the applicable performance period completed as of the Change of Control, and

- (iii) either or both of the following two actions shall be taken:

(A) fifteen (15) days prior to the scheduled Change of Control, all Options and SARs outstanding shall become  immediately vested and exercisable and shall remain exercisable for a period of fifteen (15) days, and/or

(B) the Committee may elect, in its sole discretion, to cancel any outstanding Awards of Options, Restricted Stock, Stock Units, and/or SARs and pay or deliver, or cause to be paid  or  delivered,  to  the  holder  an  amount  in  cash  or  securities  having  a  value  (as determined  by  the  Committee  acting  in  good  faith),  in  the  case  of  Restricted  Stock  or Stock Units, equal to the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock and, in the case of vested and unvested Options or SARs, equal to the product of the  number  of  shares  of  Stock  subject  to  the  Option  or  SAR  (the  ' Award  Shares ') multiplied by the amount, if any, by which (I) the formula or fixed price per share paid to holders of shares of Stock under such transaction exceeds (II) the Option Price or SAR Exercise Price applicable to such Award Shares.

If  the  Company  establishes  an  exercise  window,  (i)  any  exercise  of  an  Option  or  SAR  during  such fifteen (15) day period shall be conditioned upon the Change of Control taking place and shall be effective only  immediately  before  the  Change  of  Control  takes  place,  and  (ii)  upon  any  Change  of  Control,  the Plan, and all outstanding but unexercised Options and SARs shall terminate. The Committee shall send

written  notice  of  an  event  that  will  result  in  such  a  termination  to  all  individuals  who  hold  Options  and SARs not later than the time at which the Company gives notice to its shareholders.

15.4 Change  of  Control  in  Which  Awards  Are  Assumed. Except  as  otherwise  provided  in  the applicable  Award  Agreement,  in  another  agreement  with  the  Participant,  or  as  otherwise  set  forth  in writing,  upon  a  Change  of  Control  in  which  outstanding Awards  are  being  assumed  or  continued,  the following provisions shall apply to such Award, to the extent assumed or continued:

The Plan and the Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock granted under the Plan shall continue in the manner and under the terms so provided in the event of any Change of Control to the  extent  that  provision  is  made  in  writing  in  connection  with  such  Change  of  Control  for  the continuation  of  the  Plan  or  the  assumption  of  the  Options,  SARs,  Stock  Units,  and  Restricted Stock  previously  granted,  or  for  the  substitution  for  such  Options,  SARs,  Stock  Units,  and Restricted Stock for new common stock options and stock appreciation rights and new common stock  units  and  restricted  stock  relating  to  the  stock  of  a  successor  entity,  or  a  parent  or subsidiary,  with  appropriate  adjustments  as  to  the  number  of  shares  and  option  and  stock appreciation right exercise prices.

In the event an Award is assumed, continued, or substituted upon the Change of Control and the Service of such Participant with the Company or an Affiliate (or a successor entity, or a parent or subsidiary) is terminated without Cause within one (1) year following the Change of Control, such Award (as assumed, continued, or substituted) shall become fully vested as of the date of such termination and may be exercised in full, to the extent applicable, beginning on the date of such termination  and  for  the  one  (1)  year  period  immediately  following  such  termination  or  for  such longer period as the Committee shall determine.

15.5 Adjustments. Adjustments under this Section 15.5 related to shares of Stock or securities of the Company shall be made by the Committee, whose determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive. No fractional  shares  or  other  securities  shall  be  issued  under  any  such  adjustment,  and  any  fractions resulting from any such adjustment shall be eliminated in each case by rounding downward to the nearest whole share. The Committee shall determine the effect of a Change of Control upon Awards other than Options, SARs, Stock Units, and Restricted Stock, and such effect shall be set forth in the appropriate Award Agreement. The Committee may provide in the Award Agreements at the time of grant, or any time later  with  the  consent  of  the  Participant,  for  different  provisions  to  apply  to  an Award  in  place  of  those described in Sections 15.1, 15.2,15.3, and 15.4.

15.6 No Limitations on Company. The making of Awards under the Plan shall not affect or limit in any way the right or power of the Company to make adjustments, reclassifications, reorganizations, or changes of its capital or business structure or to merge, consolidate, dissolve, or liquidate, or to sell or transfer all or any part of its business or assets.

## 16. EFFECTIVE DATE, DURATION AND AMENDMENTS

16.1 Effective Date. The Plan is effective as of the Effective Date. Following the Effective Date, no further awards shall be made under the Prior Plan. However, shares of Stock reserved under the Prior Plan to settle awards, including performance-based awards, that were granted under the Prior Plan prior to the Effective Date may be issued and delivered following the Effective Date to settle those awards.

16.2 Term. The Plan shall terminate automatically on the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Effective Date and may be terminated on any earlier date as provided in Section 16.3.

16.3 Amendment and Termination of the Plan. The Committee may amend, suspend, or terminate the  Plan.  No  amendment will  be  made  to  the  no-re-pricing  provisions  of  Section  2.2,  the  Option  Price provisions of Section 6.1, or the SAR Exercise Price provisions of Section 7.1 without the approval of the Company's  shareholders.  Other  amendments  will  be  contingent  on  approval  of  the  Company's shareholders to the extent stated by the Committee, required by applicable law, or required by applicable stock exchange listing requirements.

No Awards shall be made after termination of the Plan. No amendment, suspension, or termination of the Plan shall impair rights or obligations under any Participant's Award under the Plan, without the consent of the Participant.

## 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS

17.1 Disclaimer of Rights. No  provision  in  the  Plan  or  in  any Award  or Award Agreement  shall  be construed to confer upon any individual the right to remain in the employ or service of the Company, or to interfere in any way with any contractual or other right or authority of the Company either to increase or decrease  the  compensation  or  other  payments  to  any  individual  at  any  time,  or  to  terminate  any employment or other relationship between any individual and the Company. In addition, notwithstanding anything  contained  in  the  Plan  to  the  contrary,  unless  otherwise  stated  in  the  applicable  Award Agreement, no Award granted under the Plan shall be affected by any change of duties or position of the Participant, so long as such Participant continues to be a Service Provider of the Company or an Affiliate. The obligation of the Company to pay any benefits under this Plan shall be interpreted as a contractual obligation  to  pay  only  those  amounts  described  in  the  Plan,  in  the  manner  and  under  the  conditions prescribed in the Plan. The Plan shall in no way be interpreted to require the Company to transfer any amounts to a third party trustee or otherwise hold any amounts in trust or escrow for payment to any Participant or beneficiary under the terms of the Plan.

17.2 Nonexclusivity of the Plan. Neither the adoption of the Plan nor the submission of the Plan to the  shareholders of the Company for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations upon the right  and  authority  of  the  Committee  to  adopt  such  other  incentive  compensation arrangements (which arrangements may be applicable either generally to a class or classes of individuals or specifically to a particular  individual  or  particular  individuals)  as  the  Committee  in  its  discretion  determines  desirable, including, without limitation, the granting of stock options otherwise than under the Plan.

17.3 Withholding  Taxes. The  Company  shall  have  the  right  to  deduct  from  payments  of  any  kind otherwise due to a Participant any federal, state, or local taxes of any kind required by law to be withheld relating to the vesting of or other lapse of restrictions applicable to an Award or upon the issuance of any shares of Stock upon the exercise of an Option or Award. At the time of such vesting, lapse, exercise or issuance,  the  Participant  shall  pay  to  the  Company,  any  amount  that  the  Company  may  reasonably determine  to  be  necessary  to  satisfy  such  withholding  obligation.  Subject  to  the  prior  approval  of  the Company,  which  may  be  withheld  by  the  Company  in  its  sole  discretion,  the  Participant  may  elect  to satisfy  such  obligations,  in  whole  or  in  part:  (i)  by  causing  the  Company  to  withhold  shares  of  Stock otherwise issuable to the Participant or (ii) by delivering to the Company shares of Stock already owned by  the  Participant.  The  shares  of  Stock  so  delivered  or  withheld  shall  have  an  aggregate  Fair  Market Value equal to such withholding obligations. The Fair Market Value of the shares of Stock used to satisfy such withholding obligation shall be determined by the Company as of the date that the amount of tax to be withheld is to be determined. A Participant who has made an election under this Section 17.3 may satisfy his or her withholding obligation only with shares of Stock that are not subject to any repurchase, forfeiture, unfulfilled vesting, or other similar requirements. The maximum number of shares of Stock that may be withheld from any Award to satisfy any federal, state or local tax withholding requirements upon the  exercise,  vesting,  lapse  of  restrictions  applicable  to  such Award  or  payment  of  shares  under  such Award, as applicable,  cannot  exceed  such  number  of  shares  having  a  Fair  Market  Value  equal  to  the minimum statutory amount required by the Company to be withheld and paid to any such federal, state or local  taxing  authority  relating  to  such  exercise,  vesting,  lapse  of  restrictions  or  payment  of  shares; provided, however, that as long as Accounting Standards Update 2016-09 or a similar rule is otherwise in effect, the Committee has full discretion to choose, or to allow a Participant to elect, to withhold a number of  shares  of  Stock  having  a  Fair  Market  Value  that  is  greater  than  the  applicable  minimum  statutory amount  (but  such  withholding  may  in  no  event  be  in  excess  of  the  maximum  statutory  withholding amount(s) in a Participant's relevant tax jurisdictions).

17.4 Captions. The  use  of  captions  in  this  Plan  or  any Award Agreement  is  for  the  convenience  of reference only and shall not affect the meaning of any provision of the Plan or such Award Agreement.

17.5 Other  Provisions. Each  Award  granted  under  the  Plan  may  contain  such  other  terms  and conditions not inconsistent with the Plan as may be determined by the Committee, in its sole discretion.

17.6 Severability. If  any  provision  of  the  Plan  or  any Award Agreement  shall  be  determined  to  be illegal or unenforceable by any court of law in any jurisdiction, the remaining provisions shall be severable and enforceable in accordance with their terms, and all provisions shall remain enforceable in any other jurisdiction.

17.7 Governing Law. The  validity  and  construction  of  this  Plan  and  the  instruments  evidencing  the Awards under the Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, other than any conflicts or choice of law rule or principle that might otherwise refer construction or interpretation of this Plan and the

instruments  evidencing  the  Awards  granted  under  the  Plan  to  the  substantive  laws  of  any  other jurisdiction.

17.8 Code Section 409A. For Awards that constitute nonqualified deferred compensation within the meaning of Code Section 409A, the Company generally intends, but is not obligated, to grant Awards that will  comply  with  Code  Section  409A  or  an  exemption  to  Code  Section  409A.  To  the  extent  that  the Committee  determines  that  a  Participant  would  be  subject  to  the  additional  twenty  percent  (20%)  tax imposed on certain nonqualified deferred compensation plans under Code Section 409A as a result of any provision  of  any Award  granted  under  this  Plan,  such  provision  shall  be  deemed  amended  to  the minimum extent necessary to avoid application of such additional tax. The nature of any such amendment shall be determined by the Committee. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and tax penalties under Code Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to the Plan during the six (6)-month period immediately following the Participant's 'separation from service' (as defined for purposes  of  Code  Section  409A)  will  instead  be  paid  on  the  first  payroll  date  after  the  six  (6)-month anniversary of the Participant's separation from service (or the Participant's death, if earlier). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the case of an Award that is characterized as deferred compensation under Code Section 409A, and pursuant to which settlement and delivery of the cash or shares of Stock subject to the Award is triggered based on a Change in Control, in no event will a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred for purposes of such settlement and delivery of cash or shares  of  Stock  if  the  transaction  is  not  also  a  'change  in  the  ownership  or  effective  control  of'  the Company,  or  'a  change  in  the  ownership  of  a  substantial  portion  of  the  assets  of'  the  Company,  as determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) (without regard to any alternative definition thereunder). If an Award characterized as deferred compensation under Code Section 409A is not settled and delivered on account of the provision of the preceding sentence, the settlement and delivery shall occur  on  the  next  succeeding  settlement  and  delivery  triggering  event  that  is  a  permissible  triggering event under Code Section 409A. No provision of this paragraph shall in any way affect the determination of  a  Change  in  Control  for  purposes  of  vesting  in  an  Award  that  is  characterized  as  deferred compensation under Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything in this Section 17.8 to the contrary, neither  the  Company  nor  the  Board  or  the  Committee  will  have  any  obligation  to  take  any  action  to prevent the assessment of any excise tax or penalty on any Participant under Code Section 409A, and neither the Company nor the Board or the Committee will have any liability to any Participant for such tax or penalty.

*     *     *

## SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

The Registrant's principal subsidiaries are listed below.  In addition, the Registrant has approximately 290 subsidiaries that are not required to be listed pursuant to SEC rules.

| Name  Location of Formation  PS LPT Properties Investors  .................................................................  Maryland  PS California Holdings, Inc  ..................................................................  Delaware   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Registrant directly or indirectly owns 100% of the subsidiaries listed above.

## Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements:

- (1) Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (No. 333-264750) and related prospectus,
- (2) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No.333-255733) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the  registration  of  common  shares  of  beneficial  interest  pertaining  to  the  Public  Storage  2021 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan,
- (3) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-210937) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the registration of common shares of beneficial interest pertaining to the Public Storage 2016 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan,
- (4) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-195646) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the registration of common shares of beneficial interest pertaining to the Public Storage 2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended, and
- (5) Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No.333-144907) and related prospectus of Public Storage for the  registration  of  common  shares  of  beneficial  interest  pertaining  to  the  Public  Storage  2007 Equity and Performance-Based Incentive Compensation Plan;

of our reports dated February 21, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Public Storage and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Public Storage included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Public Storage for the year ended December 31, 2022.

/s/ ERNST &amp; YOUNG LLP

February 21, 2023 Los Angeles, California

I, Joseph D. Russell, Jr., certify that:

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Public Storage;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated  subsidiaries,  is  made  known  to  us  by  others  within  those  entities,  particularly  during  the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b) designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our  conclusions  about  the  effectiveness  of  the  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  as  of  the  end  of  the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during  the  registrant's  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  (the  registrant's  fourth  fiscal  quarter  in  the  case  of  an annual  report)  that  has  materially  affected,  or  is  reasonably  likely  to  materially  affect,  the  registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a) all  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

Name:

Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

Title:

President and Chief Executive Officer

Date:

February 21, 2023

## RULE 13A - 14(a) CERTIFICATION

- I, H. Thomas Boyle, certify that:
1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Public Storage;
2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;
3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;
4. The  registrant's  other  certifying  officers  and  I  are  responsible  for  establishing  and  maintaining  disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:
- a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated  subsidiaries,  is  made  known  to  us  by  others  within  those  entities,  particularly  during  the period in which this report is being prepared;
- b) designed  such  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  or  caused  such  internal  control  over  financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial  reporting  and  the  preparation  of  financial  statements  for  external  purposes  in  accordance  with generally accepted accounting principles;
- c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our  conclusions  about  the  effectiveness  of  the  disclosure  controls  and  procedures,  as  of  the  end  of  the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
- d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during  the  registrant's  most  recent  fiscal  quarter  (the  registrant's  fourth  fiscal  quarter  in  the  case  of  an annual  report)  that  has  materially  affected,  or  is  reasonably  likely  to  materially  affect,  the  registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and
5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):
- a) all  significant  deficiencies  and  material  weaknesses  in  the  design  or  operation  of  internal  control  over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and
- b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

/s/ H. Thomas Boyle

Name:

H. Thomas Boyle

Title:

Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer

Date:

February 21, 2023

## RULE 13A - 14(a) CERTIFICATION

## SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION

In  connection  with  the  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  of  Public  Storage  (the  'Company')  for  the  year  ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC') on the date hereof (the 'Report'), Joseph D. Russell, Jr., as Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company and H. Thomas Boyle, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. §1350, as adopted pursuant to §906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ('Sarbanes-Oxley'), that:

- (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'); and
- (2) The  information  contained  in  the  Report  fairly  presents,  in  all  material  respects,  the  financial  condition  and results of operations of the Company.

## /s/ Joseph D. Russell, Jr.

| Name:  Joseph D. Russell, Jr.  Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer  Date:  February 21, 2023  ## /s/ H. Thomas Boyle  Name:  H. Thomas Boyle  Title:  Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Investment Officer  Date:  February 21, 2023   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to §906 of Sarbanes-Oxley and shall not, except to the extent required by Sarbanes-Oxley, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of §18 of the Exchange Act.

A signed original of this written statement required by §906 of Sarbanes-Oxley has been provided to the Company, and will be retained and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request.