<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

## CONTENTS

- 1 Corporate Profile
- 2 Organization Chart
- 3 Letter from the CEO
- 5 Board of Directors
- 7 Key Management
- 8 Financial And Operations Review
- 11 Corporate Information
- 12 Sustainability Report 2022
- 28 Financial Contents

The annual report has been reviewed by the Company's Sponsor, PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd. (the 'Sponsor'). This annual report has not been examined or approved by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the 'Exchange') and the Exchange assumes no responsibility for the contents of this annual report, including the correctness of any of the statements or opinions made or reports contained in this annual report.

The contact person for the Sponsor is Ms Lim Hui Ling, 16 Collyer Quay, #10-00 Collyer Quay Centre, Singapore 049318, sponsorship@ ppcf.com.sg

Quantum Healthcare Limited ('We', or the 'Company', 'Quantum Healthcare' and together with  its  subsidiaries  the  'Group')  is  a  Singaporebased company listed on the Catalist Board of the Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited ('SGX-ST') (Stock Code: V8Y.SI) since 29 July 2022.

Prior  to  29  July  2022,  The  Group  was  previously known as QT Vascular Ltd ('QTV'), which underwent a scheme of arrangement to transfer its listing status to Quantum Healthcare on a 1:1 share arrangement,  and  QTV  became  a  wholly  owned subsidiary  of  Quantum  Healthcare.  The  transfer of listing was completed on 28 July 2022, and the Company began trading on the Catalist Board 29 July 2022.

Prior  to  the  restructuring,  the  Group  is  primarily engaged in the design, assembly, and distribution of advanced therapeutic solutions for the minimally invasive  treatment  of  complex  vascular  diseases. The Company collaborates with industry specialists and  physicians  who  are  key  opinion  leaders  to develop  and  offer  physicians  and  patients  new and  differentiated  devices  to  improve  outcomes in  complex peripheral and coronary interventions. The Group still retains its original vascular business under QTV.

Subsequent  to  the  restructuring,  the  Group  has also diversified its core business to include:

- (a)  the  Healthcare  Business,  which  includes,  inter alia, the following activities:
- i. provision of dental services, and
- ii. operations management and consultancy services to certain government entities and/or corporate clients,

(collectively, the 'Healthcare Business');

- (b)  the Medical Equipment Business, which includes, inter alia, the following activities:
- i. research,  develop  and  design  of  medical equipment and other related products including but not limited to geriatric medical rehabilitation equipment and medical  equipment  for  use  in  hospitals  as well as for emergency and rescue ('Medical Equipment'); and
- ii. to  engage  in  the  trading,  manufacturing, distributing and/or marketing of these Medical Equipment,

(collectively, the 'Medical Equipment Business')

- (c)  the Medical and Wellness Business, which includes the provision of general and specialized medical care including but not limited to the  fields  of  aesthetics  and  wellness  services ('Medical and Wellness Business').

<!-- image -->

## ORGANIZATION CHART

1 Incorporated on 7 February 2023

<!-- image -->

'Our unwavering commitment to our diversification plans has been the cornerstone of our success, and the acquisitions we have made this year have undoubtedly paved the way for greater things to come. '

Dear Shareholders:

<!-- image -->

I  am  pleased  to  present  Quantum  Healthcare Limited's Annual Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 ('FY2022').

At the outset of the year, we are thrilled to announce that we have successfully concluded the acquisition of an impressive 60% shareholdings in the esteemed Asia Dental Group. As a forward-looking company, we  are  always  exploring  new  avenues  of  growth and  these  acquisitions  have  been  instrumental  in allowing us to not only expand but also bolster our position in the healthcare industry.

Quantum Healthcare Limited on 29 July 2022. This strategic  move has allowed us to better focus on our  diversification  plans  into  new  business  areas such  as  Healthcare  Business,  Medical  Equipment Business, and Medical and Wellness Business.

Subsequently,  we  also  made  a  strategic  bolt-on acquisition of the highly respected Eastern Dental Centre Pte Ltd in March 2022, aligning seamlessly with our mission to enhance our Healthcare Business. The  synergies  created  by  these  acquisitions  have given us a competitive edge in the industry, as we are now able to tap into new areas of businesses and pave the way for future growth.

In  addition,  we  have  completed  the  restructuring scheme and transfer of listing from QT Vascular to

Subsequent to the year end, we made progress in our strategic plans. In February 2023, we decided to scale back on the acquisition of dental businesses and proceed with the purchase of the businesses of  three  (3)  clinics  out  of  six  (6)  clinics  for  the Dental Hub Group. This was a carefully considered decision, based on a thorough evaluation of our available resources and long-term growth prospects, ensuring that we remain firmly on track to achieve our strategic objectives.

We have also entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Hatten Land Limited in March 2023, which will enable us to leverage their expertise in property  development  and  expand  our  reach  by developing  a  specialist  outpatient  care  centre  in Melaka,  Malaysia.  This  exciting  collaboration  will

<!-- image -->

not  only  allow  us  to  penetrate  new  markets,  but will  also  enable  us  to  offer  innovative  healthcare solutions to our customers, solidifying our position as a leading healthcare provider in the region.

Finally, we completed the proposed placement of S$2M in March 2023, which will enable us to fund our growth plans and expand our business.

Our unwavering commitment to our diversification plans  has  been  the  cornerstone  of  our  success, and the acquisitions we have made this year have undoubtedly paved the way for greater things to come. We remain focused on our goal of creating value for our shareholders and  providing the highest quality of care to our patients, and we are excited to continue our journey towards success in the years ahead.

I would like to express my appreciation to my fellow directors  on  the  Board  for  their  guidance  and contributions. To the management team and staff, thank you for your hard work and commitment to the  Company. Finally,  I  would  like  to  express  our gratitude  to  our  shareholders,  investors,  business partners, and associates for their continued support as  we  position  Quantum  Healthcare  Limited  for growth and success.

We  look forward to delivering value to our shareholders and customers in the years to come.

Thomas Tan Gim Chua Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

It  should be noted that all Directors who were appointed to QTV prior to the restructuring have been subsequently re-appointed to Quantum Healthcare following the restructuring. Therefore, for the avoidance of doubt, QTV and Quantum Healthcare should be viewed as one group. This clarification is provided to avoid any ambiguity or confusion regarding the continuity of the directors' roles and responsibilities throughout the financial year.

Ng Fook Ai Victor Independent Chairman

<!-- image -->

Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor was appointed to our Board as  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  and Chairman on 31 January 2022. Victor  is  currently the  Chairman  of  the  Board  of  Directors  and  the Chairman  of the  Remuneration  Committee  as well  as  a  member  of  the  Audit  Committee  and Nominating Committee.

Victor has over 36 years of experience in investment  management  including  private  equity fund  management  and  seed  funding,  and  has established  several  ventures  and  start-ups  with exits including initial public offerings ('IPO'), trade sales and merger and acquisition ('M&amp;A').  Victor is currently an independent non-executive director of SGX Mainboard listed The Place Holdings Limited and Soilbuild Construction Group Ltd, independent non-executive chairman  of SGX  Catalist listed HealthBanks Holdings Ltd, independent nonexecutive director of HKEX-Main  Board  listed Sunshine 100 China Holdings Ltd and independent non-executive  chairman  of  1Rockstead  GIP  Fund Ltd  which  is  an  approved  fund  under  the  Global Investor  Program  that  invest  in  Singapore-based companies.

Victor holds BSc (Econs) (Hons), MSc (Econs) major in Econometrics, from Birkbeck College, University of  London.  He  was  awarded  The  University  of London Convocation Book Prize (First) and the Lord Hailsham Scholarship, among other awards. In 1992, Victor was awarded the PBM (Community Services) by the President of the Republic of Singapore.

Thomas Tan Gim Chua Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Mr  Thomas  Tan  Gim  Chua  was  appointed  to  our Board  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Executive Director and a member of the Nominating Committee on 13 January 2022.

Thomas's working experience includes appointment as engineer from 1997 to 2000 in Nokia (S) Pte Ltd which  is  in  the  business  of  telecommunications, managing director of Ridgeline Technology Pte Ltd since 2000 which is in the business of information technology info-communications and director and chief executive officer of Lifeline Corporation Pte  Ltd  since  2019,  a  company  with  a  presence in  Singapore,  Malaysia,  Philippines  and  Australia specialising in the manufacture, sale and distribution of  certain  medical  rehabilitation  devices  such  as wheelchairs and beds to hospitals.

Thomas graduated from the Nanyang Technological University in 1997 with a Bachelor of Engineering and  is  a  full  member  of  the  Singapore  Institute of Directors. Thomas  also  has more  than  15 years' experience as a managing director of Ridgeline Technology Pte Ltd and five years as an executive director/chief executive officer of Lifeline Corporation Pte Ltd.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Sho Kian Hin Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Mr  Sho  Kian  Hin  was  appointed  to  our  Board  as an Independent  Non-Executive Director on 25 September 2015. He is the Chairman of the Audit Committee as well as a member of the Remuneration Committee.  He  is  currently  also  an  Independent Director and Chairman of Audit Committee of OUE Lippo Healthcare Ltd., Choo Chiang Holdings Ltd., Sim Leisure Group Ltd. and Versalink Holdings Ltd.. All these companies are listed on Catalist Board of SGX-ST.

Kian Hin has over 20 years of experience in financial reporting and regulatory compliance and was involved in  various  financial  related  activities  such  as  equity and pre-IPO fund raising, mergers and acquisitions, restructuring and group tax optimization.

Kian  Hin  started  off  his  professional  training  with Victor &amp; Company in 1990. From 1995, Kian Hin was with  Ernst  &amp;  Young  as  an  Assurance  and  Advisory Business Service Manager and left in 2002.

In  2007,  Kian  Hin  was  appointed  as  Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of China Farm Equipment  Limited  ('China  Farm  Equipment'),  a company formerly listed  on  the  Mainboard  of  the SGX-ST.  He  was  responsible  for,  amongst  other things,  the  planning  and  management  of  China Farm  Equipment's  financial  and  taxation  matters. He acted as the key liaison person with the stock exchange,  supervised  compliance  with  corporate governance, and handled investor relations, regional roadshows  as  well  as  funding  options  for  China Farm Equipment. After China Farm Equipment was privatised in 2013, Kian Hin remained involved in the corporate exercise to list  China  Farm  Equipment's assets in China until 2017.

Kian Hin is a fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors.

Ng Boon Eng Independent Director

<!-- image -->

Mr Ng Boon Eng was appointed to our Board as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 30 July 2021.  Boon  Eng  is  currently  the  Chairman  of  the Nominating Committee as well as a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee.

Boon Eng has been the Chief Executive Officer and a director of CEL Impetus Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd since 2017. He also formerly held the position of Director and Head of Corporate Finance in RHB Securities  Pte.  Ltd.  (formerly  known  as  DMG  &amp; Partners Securities Pte. Ltd.) and Executive Director and Head of Corporate Finance in Mitsubishi UFJ Securities (Singapore), Limited.

Boon Eng graduated from Nanyang Technological University with a Degree of Bachelor of Engineering (Electrical)  with  honours  and  is  also  a  Chartered Valuer and Appraiser.

## KEY MANAGEMENT

Fu Ching Xiong Chief Financial Officer

<!-- image -->

Mr Fu Ching Xiong was appointed as the Group's Chief Financial Officer on 9 January 2023. As the Group's  Chief  Financial  Officer,  he  oversees  the accounting and finance function of the Group.

He  is  also  responsible  for  the  compliance  and risk  management  functions  of  the  Group  and  is responsible  for  internal  audit,  risk  management and compliance with requirements under the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist and the Companies Act and advising the Group on its risk management and compliance processes.

Ching  Xiong,  who  has  recently  joined  Quantum Healthcare, brings with him more than a decade of auditing and M&amp;A experience gained from working at some of the top accounting firms in Singapore. Prior  to  joining  Quantum  Healthcare,  he  was  a Senior  Manager  of  Regional  Investment  at  Una Brands,  a  leading  ecommerce  aggregator  in  the region. Before that, he was an Associate Director of Deloitte Singapore, where he mainly focused on M&amp;A advisory work across diverse industries such as  healthcare,  education,  engineering,  startups, and consumer goods across Southeast Asia. Ching Xiong started his career  at  KPMG  Singapore and Malaysia,  where  he  was  primarily  involved  in auditing.

Ching Xiong graduated from University of Queensland with a Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting and Finance) degree and is a Certified Practising Accountant of CPA Australia.

Dr Gian Siong Lin Jimmy Chief Operating Officer (Dental)

<!-- image -->

Dr  Gian  Siong  Lin  Jimmy  was  appointed  as  the Group's  Chief  Operating  Office  (Dental)  on  13 January  2022.  As  the  Group's  Chief  Operating Officer (Dental), Jimmy oversees the newly expanded Healthcare Business of the Group.

Jimmy  graduated  from  the  Bachelor  of  Dental Surgery,  National  University  of  Singapore  with Dean's List Award in his Final Professional Examinations.  He  has  been  in  private  practice for  more  than  20  years  and  his  interests  is  in Orthodontic and Implant Dentistry.

Jimmy is a Certified Invisalign Practitioner, Certified Incognito Lingual Braces Practitioner and Certified CEREC Practitioner.

He is also a member of the following associations:

- American Orthodontic Society - USA
- Chicago Dental Society - Michigan, USA
- Academy of General Dentistry - USA
- Society  for  The  Advancement  of  Gnathology  Singapore
- Guild of Dental Graduates - Singapore
- Aesthetic Dentistry Society of Singapore
- Singapore Dental Association

## FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONS REVIEW

## Review Of Income Statement

The Group recorded revenue of S$9.4 million and cost  of  sales  of  S$5.0  million  for  the  year  ended 31 December 2022 ('FY2022'), which was mainly contributed by dental business under ADG Group.

In FY2022, the Group's loss before taxation increased  by  S$3.2  million  mainly  due  to  the following reasons:

- Gross profit of S$4.3 million in FY2022  as compared  to  Nil  balance  in  FY2021,  mainly attributed to contribution from ADG Group;
- Increase  in  administrative  expenses  by  S$3.9 million in FY2022  mainly  due  to  i) increase in overall  operation  expenses  resulting  from acquisition of ADG Group and EDC clinics, and ii) legal fees of S$777k for InnoRa arbitration case;
- Increase in S$743k in research and development expenses mainly attributed to milestone payment for InnoRa of S$713K upon obtaining pre-market approval by FDA, and research of S$30k incurred under Kairogenix;
- Other income decreased mainly due to recharge of  lease  and  services  to  Expanse  Medical,  Inc. ('Expanse Medical') since May 2021. The decrease  was  partially  offset  by  the  reduction in grants received as well as the service income charged to Teleflex, Inc.;
- Impairment  loss  on  goodwill  of  S$4.6  million refers  to  impairment  loss  recognised  for  ADG Group upon completion of PPA exercise.
- Increase in finance cost by S$400k during FY2022 was mainly due to i) increase in interest expenses due to additional bank loans taken up by ADG Group to fund acquisitions  and  working  capital purposes, and ii) imputed interest on contingent consideration payables to Dr Jimmy Gian due to fair value adjustments upon PPA exercise.

As a result of the above, the Group loss for the year increased from S$5.3 million for FY2021 to S$8.5 million for FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## Review Of Financial Position

Our non-current assets increased by S$7.4 million mainly due to:

- Goodwill  on  acquisition  of  S$7.5  million  from ADG  acquisition  and  S$1.3  million  from  EDC acquisition, offset with impairment loss for ADG acquisition of S$4.6 million;
- Increase in plant and equipment of S$827k due to  purchase  of  plant  and  equipment  after  the acquisition of ADG Group;
- Increase in intangible assets for customer relationship of S$917k upon  purchase price allocation  exercise  for  ADG  Group,  offset  by amortisation of S$229k; and
- increase  in  right-of-use  assets  in  relation  to  the office  and  clinics  rental  leases  of  S$1.8  million relating to ADG Group.

Our  current  assets  increased  by  S$6.6  million mainly due to:

- Increase  in  cash  and  cash  equivalents  of  S$4.9 million due to reasons presented in the cashflow analysis below;
- Increase in inventories of S$32k due to acquisition of ADG Group; and

## FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONS REVIEW

- Increase in trade and other receivables of S$1.7 million mainly due to recognition of trade receivables from ADG Group.

Our non-current liabilities increased by S$7.8 million mainly due to:

- Increase in loans and borrowings of approximately S$4.2 million;
- Increase in amounts due to non-controlling interests  of  approximately  S$2.6  million  which is  mainly  due  to  fair  value  of  future  payment commitments to a non-controlling interest following  the  completion  of  the  acquisition  of 60% interests in ADG Group in January 2022;
- Increase in deferred tax liabilities of S$61k from ADG Group; and
- Increase in lease liabilities due to Group's rental leases of approximately S$985k.

Our  current  liabilities  increased  by  S$5.2  million mainly due to:

- Increase in loans and borrowings of approximately S$824k;
- Increase in amounts due to non-controlling interests  of  approximately  S$1.4  million  which is mainly due to first instalment payment commitments to a non-controlling interest following  the  completion  of  the  acquisition  of 60% interests in ADG Group in January 2022;
- Increase in lease liabilities due to Group's rental leases of approximately S$798k;
- Increase  in  trade  and  other  payables  of  S$2.0 million due to increase in trade payables due to acquisition of ADG Group; and
- Provision for reinstatement of S$155k and provision of income tax of S$56k mainly arising from ADG Group.

The Group has undertaken the following steps to address  the  Group's  negative  working  capital  of S$1.4 million and deficit in shareholders' equity of US$1.9 million as at 31 December 2022:

- (i) Management  is  of  the  view  that  the  Group will  have sufficient working capital for at least the  next  12  months  from  the  date  of  this financial statements and will be able to meet its obligations as and when they fall due based on the Group's cash flow forecast;
- (ii)  Management will continue to implement comprehensive cost-containment measures and  does  not  expect  the  Group  to  have  any significant commitments that will require significant cash outflow in the next 12 months other than those incurred in the ordinary course of business;
- (iii)  Following the receipt of the Company shareholders' approval at an extraordinary general meeting held on 27 March 2023 for  a  proposed  share  placement,  the  share placement  has  been  completed  on  28  March 2023 and the Company received a gross share placement proceeds of S$2.0 million which will be used for general working capital purposes of the Group;
- (iv) The  Group  has  diversified  into  the  healthcare business, primarily the provision of dental services,  which  are  profitable  and  generating positive cash flows for the Group. The Group is also expanding its dental services with further acquisitions  of  three  dental  clinics  ('TDH') subsequent to the financial year end; and
- (v)  Management  is  exploring  further  corporate actions  involving  expansion  into  the  medical equipment  business  and  medical  &amp;  wellness business  to  generate  new  sources  of  revenue as  part  of  the  Group's  diversification  plan, e.g. strategy partnership arrangement as announced on SGXNET on 22 March 2023.

The Board confirms that the Group will be able to meet its short-term debt obligations when they fall due  based  on  the  implementation  of  the  abovementioned  steps  and  continue  to  operate  as  a going concern.

## FINANCIAL AND OPERATIONS REVIEW

## Review Of Cash Flow

The Group recorded cash outflows from operating activities of approximately S$1.2 million in FY2022 was mainly due to:

- Operation lost for the year after non-cash adjustments of S$2.1 million;
- Increase  in  trade  receivables  and  inventories recorded following the acquisition of ADG Group in January 2022 of approximately S$507k; and
- Offset  by  decrease  in  non-current  assets  and movement  of  trade  and  other payables for approximately S$1.4 million following the acquisition of ADG Group in January 2022.

Net cash used in investing activities for FY2022 of approximately S$4.9 million was mainly due to:

- purchase of plant and equipment of approximately S$926k; and
- acquisition  of  the  60%  interests  in  ADG  Group and ADG Group further acquired Eastern Dental business amounting to approximately S$4.0 million.

<!-- image -->

Net  cash  from  financing  activities  for  FY2022  of approximately S$11 million was mainly due to:

- proceeds from the share placement to 3 investors of approximately S$7.3 million;
- proceeds from loans of approximately S$6 million;
- offset by repayment of loan borrowings of S$1.3 million; and
- offset by payment of lease liability of S$1 million.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS Non-Executive:

## Ng Fook Ai Victor

Independent Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors (appointed on 30 May 2022)

## Ng Boon Eng

Independent Director (appointed on 30 May 2022)

## Sho Kian Hin

Independent Director (appointed on 30 May 2022)

## Executive:

## Thomas Tan Gim Chua

Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer (appointed on 30 May 2022)

## AUDIT COMMITEE

Sho Kian Hin (Chairman) Ng Fook Ai Victor Ng Boon Eng

## NOMINATING COMMITTEE

Ng Boon Eng (Chairman)

Thomas Tan Gim Chua

Ng Fook Ai Victor

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Ng Fook Ai Victor (Chairman) Sho Kian Hin Ng Boon Eng

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Lee Pih Peng

<!-- image -->

## REGISTERED OFFICE

8 Temasek Boulevard, Level 42, Suntec Tower Three, Singapore 038988

## SHARE REGISTRAR

## Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services

(a division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898

## AUDITORS

## Moore Stephens LLP

10 Anson Road #29-15 International Plaza Singapore 079903 Audit Partner-in-charge Ng Chiou Gee Willy Since Financial Year ended 31 December 2020

## SPONSOR

## PrimePartners Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd.

16 Collyer Quay #10-00 Collyer Quay Centre Singapore 049318

## PRINCIPAL BANK

## CIMB Bank Berhad

30 Raffles Place #04-01, Singapore 048622

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Board Statement

Quantum Healthcare Limited (' Quantum Healthcare ' or ' Company ', and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') is pleased to present our Sustainability Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, which has been approved by the Board.

As a healthcare company, we aspire to improve the quality of lives of our customers and patients through the products and services that we offer. To realise this vision, we believe that comprehensive considerations for  relevant  environmental,  social  and  governance (' ESG ')  risks  and  opportunities  are  fundamental  to ensure the quality of our products, as well as the long-term sustainability of our operations.

In  2022,  we  have  formalised  our  sustainability  approach  by  reviewing  our  materiality  assessment, performance indicators and setting targets. We aim to progressively enhance our sustainability strategies while growing our business in the long term.

The Board is responsible for Group's sustainability reporting and provides oversight over the identification of the Group's material environmental, social and governance (' ESG ') factors. The Board is supported by the Sustainability Committee (' SC ') and the Sustainability Task Force (' STF '), who monitors and manages sustainability  performance  and  reporting  of  material  ESG  factors  in  its  continuous  efforts  to  integrate sustainability  strategies  into  Quantum  Healthcare's  strategies  formulation.  The  SC,  comprising  board members, develops sustainability  objectives  and  strategies  based  on  the  Board's  directions,  manages Quantum Healthcare's overall sustainability performance, and reports to the Board on an ongoing basis. The STF, comprising senior management representatives from different business functions, implements sustainability practices and action plans across Quantum Healthcare based on the sustainability objectives and strategies formulated.

The Board, together with the SC and STF, makes sure that any issues raised regarding the Sustainability Reporting will be addressed.

We look forward to sharing our sustainability progress with you in this Sustainability Report.

## Board of Directors

Quantum Healthcare Limited

<!-- image -->

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## About Quantum Healthcare

Following the completion of the Scheme of Arrangement entered into with QT Vascular Ltd.  (' QT  Vascular ')  on  28  July  2022,  Quantum Healthcare was listed on the Singapore Exchange Limited's Catalist Board on 29 July 2022.

Prior to the completion of the Scheme of Arrangement,  QT  Vascular  was  engaged  in  the design,  assembly  and  distribution  of  advanced therapeutic  solutions  for  the  minimally  invasive treatment of complex vascular diseases.

As at the date of this report, Quantum Healthcare has diversified its business to focus on the following three core businesses:

- Healthcare business
- Medical Equipment business
- Medical and Wellness business

The Healthcare business currently focusses on the provision  of multi-disciplinary  dental  healthcare to  all  our  patients  such  as  aesthetic  dentistry, orthodontics, implant dentistry, paediatric dentistry, and preventive and restorative dentistry.

We currently operate 9 dental clinics in the western, southern and central regions of Singapore.

The Medical Equipment business aims to transform the  Group  into  an  integrated  hub  that  conducts advanced research and develops dynamic designs for medical equipment and other related products including but not limited to geriatric medical rehabilitation  equipment  and  medical  equipment for  use  in  hospitals  as  well  as  for  emergency  and rescue  whilst  also  operating  as  an  entity  which oversees  trading,  manufacturing,  distributing  and marketing of medical equipment.

The Medical and Wellness business focuses on the provision  of  general  and  specialised  medical  care including but not limited to the fields of aesthetics and wellness services.

## About This Report

This  Sustainability  Report  summarises  Quantum Healthcare's sustainability policies, practices, and  performance  from  1  January  2022  to  31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '),  with  a  focus  on  its material ESG factors. The report covers the listed entity,  Quantum  Healthcare  Limited  and  all  its subsidiaries, including:

- QT Vascular Ltd
- Asia Dental Group Pte Ltd
- St. Andrews Dental Pte Ltd
- Asia Healthcare Dental Pte Ltd
- Corporate Dental Pte Ltd
- Seafarers Dental Pte Ltd
- Eastern Dental Centre Pte Ltd
- The Dental Hub Pte Ltd
- Kairogenix Pte Ltd

## Excluded Entities

- TriReme Medical LLC
- TriReme Medical (Singapore) Pte Ltd
- Quattro Vascular Pte Ltd

Excluded  entities  above  refers  to  entities  that  are primarily  involved  in  Vascular  business,  which  the Group has not been actively involved in and does not form part of the new diversified core business of the Group post restructuring.

The  report  is  prepared  in  accordance  with  the requirements of Rules 711A and 711B and Practice Note 7F: Sustainability Reporting Guide as specified in the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ') on a 'comply or explain' basis. The report also makes reference to the Global Reporting Initiative  (' GRI ')  Standards,  a  globally  recognised framework  that  covers  a  comprehensive  range  of sustainability disclosures to report on ESG issues.

We have yet to include climate-related disclosures in this Sustainability Report as this is the Company's first year of sustainability  reporting  subsequent to  the  diversification  to  new  businesses  and  the Company is in the midst of setting up our processes for  collecting  and  analysing  data  on  our  climate-

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

related risks and opportunities. Hence, there will be no quantitative targets set for material factors identified in this report.

In the coming years, we will progressively adopt the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (' TCFD ') on climate-related financial information where appropriate for the Group's disclosures.

This Report has undergone the internal review process by BDO LLP ,  internal auditors of the Group, and has been reviewed by the Board. The Sustainability Reporting processes will form part of the internal audit cycle and be included in the risk-based internal audit plan, as approved by the Audit Committee. The internal review  shall  be  conducted  in  accordance  with  the  Guide  to  Internal  Review  of  Sustainability  Report  by Institute of Internal Auditors Singapore. The Group has not sought external assurance for FY2022, and may consider it for future periods.

All information is disclosed in good faith and to the best of our knowledge. No external assurance has been sought for this report. Please forward any enquiries or feedback to ir@quantumhealthcare.com.sg.

## Stakeholder Engagement

We recognize the importance of engaging our stakeholders to improve our sustainability practices and enhance our social and environmental impact. As part of our commitment, we implemented a stakeholder engagement process as follows:

| Stakeholder  Method of Engagement  Topics of Engagement  Patients  • Meetings - Physical or virtual  • Service quality feedback  • Telephone calls  • Email communications  • Quality, safety, and hygiene clinical  services  • Privacy and data protection  • Health and safety regulations  compliance  Employees,  including  dentists and  nurses  • Regular staff meetings  • Training and development program  • Remuneration and benefits  • Safe, fair, and equal working  environment  • Training and development  Suppliers  • Meetings - Physical or virtual  • Telephone calls  • Email communications  • Supplier quality assurance  • Pricing and payment terms  Shareholders  and Investors  • AGM / EGM  • SGX-ST announcement and circulars  • Annual Report  • Corporate governance  • Financial performance  Government  and Regulators  • Direct communication and meetings  • SGX-ST announcement  • Compliance with relevant laws and  regulations  Financier  • Annual Report  • Telephone calls  • Email communications  • Financial covenants  • Financial performance   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Materiality Assessment

The  materiality  assessment  is  a  process  of  identifying  and  prioritizing  sustainability  issues  that  are  of significant importance to a company's stakeholders and business operations, in accordance with the GRI Standards. The aim of this assessment is to identify the key sustainability issues that are most relevant to the Quantum Healthcare, as well as its stakeholders, and to develop strategies to improve its sustainability performance.

For this materiality assessment, Quantum Healthcare engaged a range of stakeholders, including patients, employees, suppliers, shareholders, regulators, and financier, to identify their concerns and expectations regarding the company's sustainability performance. The assessment also took into consideration the key sustainability issues that are relevant to the dental industry and the broader Singapore context.

The  findings  of  this  materiality  assessment  will  be  used  to  guide  Quantum  Healthcare's  sustainability strategies and to ensure that its sustainability practices are aligned with the expectations of its stakeholders and the requirements of the GRI Standards. We considered the following in identifying potential material ESG factors:

| Categories  Material Topics  GRI Disclosure  Environmental  • Water use and conservation practices  • Energy consumption  • Waste management  • GRI 303: Water  • GRI 302: Energy  • GRI 306: Effluents and Waste  Social  • Occupational health and safety  • Diversity and inclusion in the  workforce and leadership  • Training and education  • GRI 403: Occupational Health and  Safety  • GRI 405: Diversity and Equal  Opportunity  • GRI 404: Training and Education  Governance  • Customer privacy  • Anti-corruption  • Compliance  • GRI 418: Customer Privacy  • GRI 205: Anti Corruption  • GRI 2-27: Compliance with Laws and  Regulations   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Quantum Healthcare reviewed the above material ESG factors in FY2022 and found that they are relevant. Quantum Healthcare will regularly review and assess its material ESG factors to ensure their pertinence.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Environmental

## Water use and conservation practices

Water is a vital resource, and its scarcity and quality are becoming increasingly important sustainability issues. In the dental industry, water is used for a range of activities, including cleaning, sterilization, and dental procedures. Therefore, it is important for dental clinics to manage their water usage in an efficient and sustainable manner to reduce their environmental impact and to ensure the availability of this resource for future generations.

Our Group emphasised the importance of water conservation through following planned initiatives:

- Conduct a water audit: A  water audit is an assessment of a company's water usage and identifies areas where water can be conserved. Quantum Healthcare will conduct a water audit to identify leaks, inefficient equipment, and other areas where water can be saved.
- Implement water conservation policies: Quantum Healthcare will implement policies to encourage employees to conserve water, such as turning off faucets when not in use and reporting leaks.
- Educate employees and patients: Quantum Health will educate their employees and patients about the importance of water conservation and encourage them to take steps to reduce their water usage.

By taking these qualitative steps, we can improve the water usage and reduce the environmental impact, while also demonstrating our commitment to sustainability.

As this is the first year of reporting, we do not have prior year water consumption data for comparison. However, we are committed to closely monitoring our water consumption for the next year's reporting period.

## Energy Consumption

We recognize that energy consumption is a significant contributor to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change, and we are committed to manage our energy usage in an efficient and sustainable manner. Our main source of energy consumption is in the dental clinics and offices.

There are several key steps that we are taking to reduce our energy consumption and improve our energy efficiency, including:

- Conducting an energy audit: We will conduct an energy audit to identify areas where we can conserve energy, such as identifying equipment or appliances that consume excessive energy.
- Implementing  energy-efficient  equipment: We  will  invest  in  energy-efficient  equipment  and appliances, such as LED lighting and Energy Star-rated appliances.
- Establishing  energy-saving policies: We will  implement policies and procedures to reduce energy consumption, such as setting thermostats to appropriate temperatures, regular maintenance to ensure maximum efficiency, and turning off equipment when not in use.
- Educating employees and patients: We will educate our employees and patients about the importance of energy conservation and encourage them to take steps to reduce their energy usage.

While we do not have prior year energy consumption data for comparison, we are committed to closely monitoring our energy consumption for the next reporting period. By taking these steps, we aim to improve our energy efficiency and reduce our environmental impact, while also demonstrating our commitment to sustainability. We will continue to report on our progress towards our energy usage goals in future reports.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Waste management

For  Quantum  Healthcare,  typical  waste  include  biomedical  waste,  such  as  sharps  and  contaminated materials, as well as non-biomedical waste, such as paper, plastic, and other materials used in our daily operations. Improper management of these wastes can have negative impacts on the environment, public health, and safety, such as contributing to landfills and pollution.

We are committed to managing our waste in a responsible and sustainable manner, and to reducing the amount of waste that we generate. Below are the steps that we are taking to reduce our waste generation and to ensure that our waste is managed safely and responsibly:

- Segregating waste: Segregating waste at the point of generation into different categories such as biomedical waste, recyclable waste, and non-biodegradable waste can make it easier to manage and dispose of waste in an appropriate and sustainable manner.
- Recycling and reusing: Implementing a recycling and reusing program can help to reduce the amount of waste that goes to landfills. This can include recycling paper, plastic, and other materials, as well as repurposing and reusing items where possible.
- Properly disposing of biomedical waste: Properly disposing of biomedical waste, such as sharps and contaminated materials, is critical to ensure public health and safety. We have engaged licensed waste disposal  from  NEA's  approved  list  of  medical  waste  contractors  to  collect  and  dispose  sharps  and biohazardous waste.
- Educating  employees: Educating  employees  on  proper  waste  management  practices  can  help  to ensure that waste is handled and disposed of correctly, and that everyone is aware of the importance of waste reduction and sustainability.

We  will  continue  to  monitor  and  evaluate  our  waste  management  practices  to  identify  areas  for improvement and to ensure that we are meeting our sustainability goals. By taking these steps, we hope to set an example for others in the industry and to contribute to a more sustainable future for our patients, employees, and the community.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Social

## Occupational health and safety

Occupational hazards in dental practices include exposure to infectious diseases, musculoskeletal disorders, and exposure to hazardous substances. We are committed to mitigating these hazards and creating a safe and healthy workplace for all.

By reporting on our occupational health and safety practices and taking steps to continuously improve workplace safety, we hope to reduce the risk of workplace accidents and illnesses, and contribute to a safer and healthier workplace for our employees and patients.

We recognize  the  importance  of  promoting  a  culture  of  safety  in  our  workplace  and  ensure  that  our employees are properly trained and equipped to work safely, the following measures will be implemented:

- Conducting risk assessments: Conducting regular risk assessments can help identify potential hazards and implement measures to prevent accidents or incidents from occurring.
- Providing training and education: Providing employees with the necessary training and education on workplace hazards and safety measures can help to ensure that they are equipped with the necessary skillsets to work safely.
- Implementing safety protocols and procedures: Implementing safety protocols and procedures, such as safe distancing during Covid-19, infection control procedures, and the use of personal protective equipment (PPE), can help to minimize occupational hazards.
- Monitoring and reporting incidents: Regular monitoring and reporting of workplace incidents can help to identify trends and areas for improvement in our occupational health and safety practices.

In FY2022, there has been no incidence of occupational disease, work injury or fatality. We are committed to continuously improving our performance and ensuring a safe and healthy workplace for our employees, patients, and visitors and target to achieve the same result for next year.

## Diversity and inclusion in the workforce and leadership

We believe that embracing diversity and creating an inclusive workplace is not only the right thing to do but also essential for our long-term success.

Diversity and inclusion in the workforce are crucial for creating a fair and equitable society. By ensuring that individuals from all backgrounds have equal access to opportunities, resources, and support, companies can help reduce social inequalities and promote social justice. This can also improve employee satisfaction, engagement, and retention, which can lead to a more stable and productive workforce.

We have taken the following approach to achieve our goals in promoting diversity and inclusion in our workforce:

- Recruitment and hiring practices: We have implemented recruitment and hiring practices that promote diversity and inclusivity. We actively seek out a diverse pool of candidates for all open positions and ensure that our hiring process is fair, non-discriminative and unbiased.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

- Employee Feedback and Engagement: We regularly seek feedback from our employees to understand their experiences, perspectives, and suggestions for improving diversity and inclusion in the workplace. We also encourage open communication and dialogue through regular employee engagement surveys and open-door policies.
- Flexible work arrangements: We understand that women in diversity may face unique challenges when it comes to balancing work and personal responsibilities. As such, we offer flexible work arrangements, such as telecommuting and flexible schedules, to help our female employees achieve a healthy worklife balance.

As at 31 December 2022, our Group has a total of 76 employees in the following categories:

## Employees by gender

| Number of Employees  Male  19  Female  57  Total  76   |
|--------------------------------------------------------|

## Employees by Age Group

| Number of Employees  &lt;30 years old  17  30-50 years old  31  &gt;50 years old  28  Total  76   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board of directors

The  current  Board  of  directors  has  no  female  representation.  To  ensure  a  more  inclusive  and  diverse approach to decision-making, the Company is looking to diversify its board by actively seeking female participation. This move towards gender diversity aligns with the company's commitment to sustainability and responsible business practices. By including a more diverse range of perspectives and experiences, the board will be better equipped to tackle the challenges and opportunities that lie ahead. As the Company prepares for its next sustainability report, it recognizes the importance of creating a more inclusive and diverse board and is taking active steps towards achieving this goal.

The Board has taken the following steps in FY2022 to maintain or enhance its balance and diversity:

- Annual review by the NC to assess if the existing attributes and core competencies of the Board are complementary and enhance the efficacy of the Board; and
- Annual evaluation by the Directors of the skill sets the other Directors possess, inter alia, based on the Board Skills Matrix, with a view to understand the range of expertise which is lacking by the Board.

Based on the foregoing, the Board is reasonably satisfied that the Board as a whole generally has the relevant combination of skills, experience, and diversity to serve the needs and plans of the Company and the Group but will continue to focus its efforts in FY2023 in optimising the Board composition based on

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

the Board Skills Matrix. Accordingly, the Board is of the view that its current practices are consistent with the aim of Principle 2 of the Code and the requirements of Catalist Rule 710A.

In addition, the Group target to achieve gender diversity by having at least 25% female participation on the Board by year 2030.

At Quantum Healthcare, we believe that diversity and inclusion are crucial for our success, and we are committed to creating a workplace where everyone feels valued, respected, and supported. We understand that promoting diversity and inclusion is an ongoing process, and we will continue to work towards our goals and take action to create a more inclusive workplace for all.

## Training and Education

Having a committed workforce is a key component to our sustainable growth, and we believe it to be one of our most valuable assets. The Group is committed to developing our employees through training and continuous development programs to build a competitive and sustainable workforce.

## New employees on-the-job training

For new employees, the Group ensures that all employees are provided with the necessary training to assist them in acquiring the right skills and knowledge needed to perform their jobs effectively.  All new employees undergo an orientation pre-job training and mandatory probation period. During this period, their abilities and experience as well as work attitude, ethics, and efficiency will be evaluated. Besides onthe-job training, our new hires are required to shadow an experienced employee to familiarise themselves with the Group's operations, and their specific job scopes.

## Regular training and career development for existing employees

For existing employees, they will also be provided with training to improve their skills, knowledge and abilities. The main training programmes for existing employees included internal training and training by external experts. Most of the training conducted in FY2022 are internal trainings.  We are optimistic and hopeful to conduct more in-person training in FY2023 to better engage our employees.

## Internship program

We offer internships to students to have hands-on experience to work along with our dental professionals and  learn  about  our  dental  practices.  These  internships  are  a  valuable  opportunity  for  students  and professionals to gain practical skills, testimonials and contribute to meaningful sustainability initiatives in the future.

## Dental professionals

Customised training models have been developed to nurture our employees and improve the quality of our services. We take pride in having the necessary resources to organize internal training programs for our employees throughout the year to ensure our dental professionals' continued education.

We frequently encourage our dental professionals to share their experiences or challenges to exchange ideas, in addition to providing basic training and coaching classes. To ensure that our quality of our services and  professionalism  of  our  dental  professionals  remains  high,  we  have  their  performance  and  career development reviewed on a regular basis. As part of the CPE requirement for dental professionals in Singapore, all dentists are required to obtain 70 CPE hours within a cycle period of 2 years. We understand that these targets were met for FY2022 as we do not have any dentists that are unable to renew their practicing certificates due to non-compliance.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Governance

## Customer Privacy

We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers' personal information. We recognize the importance of customer privacy and are dedicated to safeguarding our customers' personal information in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

For our dental practices, there are several risks involved in customer privacy, including the potential for data breaches, unauthorized access to personal information, and inappropriate use or disclosure of customer information. These risks can lead to reputational damage, legal and regulatory penalties, and financial losses. We take these risks seriously and have implemented the following measures to mitigate them:

- Privacy  Policy:  Our  dental  group  has  developed  a  comprehensive  privacy  policy  that  outlines  our commitment to protecting  customer  privacy  and  the  steps  we  take  to  ensure  compliance  with  all applicable laws and regulations.
- IT  Security:  We  have  implemented  robust  IT  security  measures  to  protect  customer  data  from unauthorized access, such as firewalls, encryption, and two-factor authentication. In addition, all our patients' data are being safeguarded with our third party vendor which have implemented robust and stringent security.
- Data Privacy Impact Assessments: We conduct regular data privacy impact assessments to identify potential risks and vulnerabilities in our data management practices and take action to address them.
- Data Protection Officer: We have appointed a Data Protection Officer ('DPO') to oversee our data privacy practices and ensure compliance with the PDPA.
- Data Protection Policy: We have developed a comprehensive data protection policy in our Data Protect Notice ('DPN') that outlines our commitment to protecting customer privacy and the steps we take to ensure compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 ('PDPA').
- Third-Party Vendors: We carefully vet our third-party vendors to ensure that they meet our data privacy and security standards and comply with all applicable laws and regulations.

In FY2022, we have not received any complaint in regards to breaches of customer privacy or losses of customer data. We target to achieve the same result for next year.

At Quantum Healthcare, we take data privacy seriously and are committed to complying with the PDPA. We recognize the risks involved in data privacy and have implemented measures to mitigate those risks. We are dedicated to maintaining the trust of our customers by safeguarding their personal information and complying with all applicable laws and regulations.

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Anti Corruption

Operating fairly  and  ethically  is  fundamental  in  maintaining  our  stakeholders'  trust  in  us.  At  Quantum Healthcare, we uphold high standards of business ethics and independence in all areas of our business practices.

We are committed to maintaining our independence in our interactions with healthcare professionals in all business settings, including research or development, and marketing and sales. We set clear policies on the provision of gift, entertainment or anything of value, to healthcare professionals. All interactions with healthcare professionals are properly recorded and verified in accordance with regulatory requirements. These independence precautions help us prevent any perceived or actual breach of independence, as well as safeguard the impartiality of research results and the provision of healthcare services.

As part of our business ethics monitoring and assurance process, the Group has established a whistleblowing policy, which stipulates clear channels for employees to anonymously report any suspected ethical issues.  Please  refer  to  page  45  for  more  details  on  the  Group's  whistle-blowing  policy.  In  FY2022,  no whistle-blowing reports were received. The Independent Directors of the Group have been listed as the contact points, with their contact details disclosed to all employees.

| Performance Measures  2021  2022  2023 Target  Number of confirmed incidents of corruption  0  0  Maintain zero confirmed incidents  of corruption and no significant  findings from internal or external  audits conducted in relation to  business ethics and independence  Significant findings of internal and external  audits conducted in relation to business  ethics and independence  0  0   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## Regulatory Compliance

We believe our reputation is built by being responsible and accountable. We view regulatory compliance as the baseline for our continued operation, and we are committed to adhering to all relevant laws and regulations, including those concerning customer health and safety, independence and anticorruption, marketing and labelling, taxation, product pricing, as well as a range of audit and reporting requirements.

The Group did not pay any fine or penalties for non-compliance of any regulatory audit in FY2022.

In addition to regulatory audits, we strive to continuously strengthen our internal controls. Quantum

Healthcare actively identifies and manages its enterprise risks. We have established a risk management system as well as a suite of SOPs to address all essential elements of risk management, including:

- The development of a risk management plan
- Risk assessment (including hazard identification and analysis, risk estimation, and evaluation of risk acceptability)
- Risk minimisation and risk control
- Risk-based decision making
- Risk monitoring, review and reporting

To  ensure  that  we  stay  abreast  with  new  developments  of  relevant  laws  and  regulations,  our  team communicates regularly with regulators and industry associations for updates. When changes occur, we modify  our  policies  and  procedures  accordingly,  maintain  strict  documentation  control,  and  promptly communicate changes in internal policies and procedures or regulatory requirements with our employees. No changes were made to our policies and procedures in FY2022. Each employee is required to read up on the changes and sign off as evidence of review.

In case of any non-conformance with relevant laws and regulations, Quantum Healthcare will duly report to relevant government agencies in compliance with its corresponding reporting obligations under various jurisdictions. Quantum Healthcare will also conduct an internal investigation to identify root causes of nonconformance and develop corresponding risk controls.

| Performance Measures  2021  2022  2023 Target  Number of non-compliant incidents with laws  and  regulations  in  the  social  and  economic  area that results in significant fines and non-  monetary sanctions  0  0  Maintain zero non-compliance with  all laws and regulations   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

## GRI Content Index

| Statement of use  Quantum Healthcare Limited has reported the information cited in this  GRI content index for the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 with reference to the GRI Standards.  GRI 1 used  GRI 1: Foundation 2021   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Gri Standard  Disclosure  Location  GRI 2:  General  Disclosures  2021  2-1 Organizational details  Pg 13  2-2 Entities included in the organization's  sustainability reporting  Pg 13  2-3 Reporting period, frequency and  contact point  Pg 13  2-4 Restatements of information  No restatement of information  2-5 External assurance  This Report has undergone the internal  review process by Internal Auditors, and  was reviewed by the Board. The Group  has not sought external assurance for  FY2022, and may consider it for future  periods.  2-1 Organizational details  Pg 13  2-2 Entities included in the organization's  sustainability reporting  Pg 13  2-3 Reporting period, frequency and  contact point  Pg 13  2-4 Restatements of information  No restatement of information  2-5 External assurance  This Report has undergone the internal  review process by Internal Auditors, and  was reviewed by the Board. The Group  has not sought external assurance for  FY2022, and may consider it for future  periods.  2-6 Activities, value chain and other  business relationships  Pg 13  2-7 Employees  Pg 19  2-8 Workers who are not employees  No workers who are not employees  2-9 Governance structure and  composition  Pg 29 to 50  2-10 Nomination and selection of the  highest governance body  Pg 13 to 14  2-11 Chair of the highest governance  body  Pg 13 to 14  2-12 Role of the highest governance  body in overseeing the  management of impacts  Pg 13 to 14   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

| Gri Standard  Disclosure  Location  GRI 2:  General  Disclosures  2021  2-13 Delegation of responsibility for  managing impacts  Pg 13 to 14  2-14 Role of the highest governance  body in sustainability reporting  Pg 13 to 14  2-15 Conflicts of interest  Pg 23  2-16 Communication of critical concerns  Pg 14  2-17 Collective knowledge of the highest  governance body  Pg 29 to 50  2-18 Evaluation of the performance of  the highest governance body  Pg 29 to 50  2-19 Remuneration policies  Pg 29 to 50  2-20 Process to determine remuneration  Pg 29 to 50  2-21 Annual total compensation ratio  Pg 29 to 50  2-22 Statement on sustainable  development strategy  Pg 13  2-23 Policy commitments  Pg 16 to 23  2-24 Embedding policy commitments  Pg 16 to 23  2-25 Processes to remediate negative  impacts  Pg 13  2-26 Mechanisms for seeking advice and  raising concerns  Pg 13  2-27 Compliance with laws and  regulations  Pg 23  2-28 Membership associations  None  2-29 Approach to stakeholder  engagement  Pg 14  2-30 Collective bargaining agreements  None  GRI 3:  Material  Topics 2021  3-1 Process to determine material topics  Pg 14  3-2 List of material topics  Pg 14  3-3 Management of material topics  Pg 14  GRI 205:  Anti-corruption  2016  205-1 Operations assessed for risks  related to corruption  Pg 22  205-2 Communication and training  about anti-corruption policies and  procedures  Pg 22  205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption  and actions taken  Pg 22   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

| Gri Standard  Disclosure  Location  GRI 302:  Energy 2016  302-1 Energy consumption within the  organization  Not applicable for first year reporting  302-2 Energy consumption outside of the  organization  Not applicable as the Group does not  have energy consumption outside of the  organization.  302-3 Energy intensity  Not applicable for first year reporting  302-4 Reduction of energy consumption  Pg 16  302-5 Reductions in energy requirements  of products and services  Not applicable as the Group does not sell  products / services in relation to energy  requirement.  GRI 303:  Water and  Effluents 2018  303-1 Interactions with water as a shared  resource  Pg 16  303-2 Management of water discharge-  related impacts  Not applicable as the Group does no  discharge water that contains Total  Dissolved Solids or Total Suspended  Solids that exceed legal limits of the  country.  303-3 Water withdrawal  Not applicable as the Group does not  operate in country under water stress.  303-4 Water discharge  Not applicable as daily water discharged  into public sewerage system and open  drains, canals, and rivers is negligible.  303-5 Water consumption  Not applicable for first year reporting  GRI 306:  Waste 2020  306-1 Waste generation and significant  waste-related impacts  Pg 17  306-2 Management of significant waste-  related impacts  Pg 17  306-3 Waste generated  Pg 17  306-4 Waste diverted from disposal  Not applicable as the Group does not  divert any waste from / to disposal  306-5 Waste directed to disposal  Not applicable as the Group does not  divert any waste from / to disposal  GRI 403:  Occupational  Health and  Safety 2018  403-1 Occupational health and safety  management system  Pg 18  403-2 Hazard identification, risk  assessment, and incident  investigation  Pg 18  403-3 Occupational health services  Pg 18   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

| Gri Standard  Disclosure  Location  GRI 403:  Occupational  Health and  Safety 2018  403-4 Worker participation, consultation,  and communication on  occupational health and safety  Pg 18  403-5 Worker training on occupational  health and safety  Pg 18  403-6 Promotion of worker health  Pg 18  403-7 Prevention and mitigation of  occupational health and safety  impacts directly linked by business  relationships  Not applicable as the Group does not  have any occupational health and safety  issue linked by business relationships.  403-8 Workers covered by an  occupational health and safety  management system  Not applicable as the Group's principal  activities are not legally required to  implement such system.  403-9 Work-related injuries  Pg 18  403-10 Work-related ill health  Pg 18  GRI 404:  Training and  Education 2016  404-1 Average hours of training per year  per employee  Pg 20  404-2 Programs for upgrading employee  skills and transition assistance  programs  Pg 20  404-3 Percentage of employees receiving  regular performance and career  development reviews  Pg 20, Percentage not applicable for first  year reporting.  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and  employees  Pg 18 to 19  405-2 Ratio of basic salary and  remuneration of women to men  Confidentiality constraints due to intense  competition for talent in the industry.  GRI 418:  Customer  Privacy 2016  418-1 Substantiated complaints  concerning breaches of customer  privacy and losses of customer  data  Pg 21   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## FINANCIAL CONTENTS

- 29 Corporate Governance
- 51 Directors' Statement
- 56 Independent Auditor's Report
- 59 Consolidated Statement Of Comprehensive Income
- 60 Statements Of Financial Position
- 61 Consolidated Statement Of Changes In Equity
- 63 Consolidated Statement Of Cash Flows
- 65 Notes To The Financial Statements
- 140 Statistics Of Shareholdings
- 142 Notice Of Annual General Meeting
- 150 Disclosure Of Information On Directors Seeking Re-Election Proxy Form

## DISCLOSURE  TABLE  FOR  ANNUAL  REPORT  IN  COMPLIANCE  TO  THE  CODE  OF  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 2018 AND CATALIST RULES

The  Board  of  Directors  (the  ' Board ')  of  Quantum  Healthcare  Limited  (the  ' Company '  and  together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and  places  importance  on  its  corporate  governance  processes  and  systems  so  as  to  ensure  greater transparency, accountability and maximisation of long-term shareholder value.

This report outlines the Company's corporate governance practices that were in place during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '), with specific reference made to the principles and provisions of  the  Code  of  Corporate  Governance  2018  (the  ' Code '),  the  accompanying  Practice  Guidance  in February 2020 (the ' PG ') as well as the disclosure guide developed by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ') in January 2015 (the ' Guide ').

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  General  (a)  Has  the  Company  complied  with  all  the  principles  and  provisions of the Code?  The Company has complied with the principles and provisions as set out in the Code  and the Guide, where applicable.  If not, please state the specific  deviations  and  alternative  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  in  lieu  of  the  recommendations in the Code.  Appropriate  explanations  have  been  provided  in  the  relevant  sections  below  where  there are deviations from the Code and/or the Guide.  (a)  In  what  respect  do  these  al t e r n a t i v e  corporate  governance  practices  achieve  the objectives of the principles  and conform to the guidelines  of the Code?  Not  applicable.  The  Company  did  not  adopt  any  alternative  corporate  governance  practices in FY2022.  BOARD MATTERS  The Board's Conduct of Affairs  1.1  4.2  6.2  10.2  Catalist  Rule  406(3)(e)  Catalist  Rule  1204(10B)  What is the role of the Board?  As at the date of this report, the Board has 4 members and comprises the following:  Table 1.1 - Board and Board committees composition  Composition of the Board  Composition  of  the  Board  Committees  •  C - Chairman  •  M - Member  Name of Director  Designation  AC  (1)  NC  (2)  RC  (3)  Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Chief Executive Officer  ('  CEO  ') and Executive  Director  -  M  -  Ng Fook Ai Victor  Independent Chairman  M  M  C  Ng Boon Eng  Independent Director  M  C  M  Sho Kian Hin  Independent Director  C  -  M  Notes:  (1)  The  Audit  Committee  ('  AC  ')  comprises  three  (3)  members,  all  of  whom  are  independent. All members of the AC are non-executive Directors.  (2)  The Nominating Committee ('  NC  ')  comprises  three  (3)  members,  the  majority  of  whom, including the Chairman, are independent. Majority of the members of the  NC are non-executive Directors.  (3)  The Remuneration Committee ('  RC  ') comprises three (3) members, all of whom are  independent. All members of the RC are non-executive Directors.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  The terms of reference of the AC, NC and RC are set out in Sections 10.1, 4.1 and 6.1  respectively.  The Board is entrusted to lead and oversee the Group, with the fundamental principle to  act in the best interests of the Group and hold management accountable for performance.  In addition to its statutory duties, the Board's principal functions are,  inter alia  :  •  overseeing the Group, including its control and accountability systems;  •  monitoring and reviewing senior management's performance and implementation of  strategy;  •  satisfying  itself  that  senior  management  has  developed  and  implemented a sound  system of risk  management and internal controls in relation to financial reporting  risks and has reviewed the effectiveness of the operation of that system;  •  assessing  the  effectiveness  of  senior  management's  implementation  of  systems  for  managing material business risks, including the making of additional enquiries and to  request assurances regarding the management of material business risks, as appropriate;  •  ensuring compliance with all laws and regulations as may be relevant to the business;  •  formulating  and  approving  financial  objectives  of  the  Group  and  monitoring  its  performance such as reviewing and approving of financial results announcements  and financial statements; and  •  providing overall corporate governance of the Group.  The Company has put in place practices to address potential conflicts of interest. All  Directors are required to notify the Company promptly of all conflicts of interest as soon  as  it  is  practicable  after  the  relevant  facts  become  known  to  him  as  well  as  refreshing  the  required  declaration  annually.  Directors  are  required  to  recuse  themselves  from  all  deliberations/voting  in  relation  to  the  matters  which  he  has  a  conflict  of  interest  in,  unless the Board is of the opinion that the participation of the conflicted Director is in  the best interest to the Company. Nonetheless, he will abstain from voting in relation to  the conflict-related matters.  1.2  Catalist  Rule  406(3)(a)  (a)  Are new Directors given formal  training?  If  not,  please  explain  why.  Newly  appointed  Directors  will  receive  comprehensive  and  tailored  induction  upon  joining the Board, including their duties as directors and how to discharge those duties.  An orientation program including site visits to the Group's operations will be held where  required  to  ensure  that  the  Directors  are  familiar  with  and  understand  the  Group's  business,  organisation  structure,  corporate  strategies  and  policies,  and  governance  practices.  The  Company  will  also  provide  training  for  newly  appointed  Directors  who  have no prior experience as a director of a Singapore public listed company as prescribed  by the SGX-ST under Rule 406(3)(a) and Practice Note 4D of the SGX-ST Listing Manual  Section B: Rules of Catalist (the '  Catalist Rules  '). Such training must be completed within  one year of the newly appointed Directors' initial appointment. The training of Directors  will be arranged and funded by the Company.  (a)  What  are  the  types  of  information  and  training  provided  to  (i)  new  Directors  and  (ii)  existing  Directors  to  keep them up-to-date?  The Board values on-going professional development and recognises that it is important  that  all  Directors  receive  regular  training  so  as  to  be  able  to  serve  effectively  on  and  contribute  to  the  Board.  The  Board  will  consider  adopting  a  policy  on  continuous  professional development for Directors.  To  ensure  Directors  can  fulfil  their  obligations  and  to  continually  improve  the  performance  of  the  Board,  all  Directors  are  encouraged  to  undergo  continual  professional  development  during  the  term  of  their  appointment.  Professional  development may relate to a particular subject area, committee membership, or key  developments  in  the  Company's  environment,  market  or  operations  which  may  be  provided by accredited training providers such as the Singapore Institute of Directors.  Directors are encouraged to consult the Chairman if they consider that they personally,  or  the  Board  as  a  whole,  would  benefit  from  specific  education  or  training  regarding  matters  that  fall  within  the  responsibility  of  the  Board  or  relate  to  the  Company's  business. Such trainings costs are borne by the Company.  Briefings and updates for the Directors in FY2022 include:  •  the  external  auditors  ('  EA  ')  had  briefed  the  AC  on  changes  or  amendments  to  accounting standards;  •  the Sponsors and Company Secretary had briefed the Board on regulatory changes,  such as changes to the Companies Act and/or the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B:  Rules of Catalist; and  •  the Directors are regularly briefed by the CEO and Chief Financial Officer ('  CFO  ')  on the business activities of the Group.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  Thomas Tan Gim Chua who had no prior experience as a director of a listed company  prior  to  his  appointment  as  Executive  Director  and  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  the  Company,  has  completed  his  mandatory  training  for  first-time  directors  conducted  by  the  Singapore  Institute  of  Directors.  All  of  the  Directors  have  completed  their  sustainability training as prescribed by SGX-ST.  1.3  What  are  the  types  of  material  transactions which require approval  from the Board?  Matters and transactions that require the Board's approval are clearly communicated to  the Management in writing and it includes, amongst others, the following:  •  major capital expenditure, capital management and acquisitions and divestitures;  •  Chapter 9 and Chapter 10 transactions in the Catalist Rules ;  •  the Company's control and accountability systems;  •  share issuance, dividend release or changes in capital;  •  the Company's policies on risk oversight and management, internal compliance and  control, Code of Conduct, and legal compliance;  •  the Company's financial statements, financial results announcements, budgets; and  •  all  matters  which  cross  the  relevant  thresholds  stipulated  in  the  Catalist  Rules  or  which  the  Board  considers  material  for  announcement.  The  Board  will  consider  materiality  in  the  context  that  reflects  the  stage  of  development  of  the  Company  and also takes into consideration the guidelines provided in the Catalist Rules  1.4  Has  the  Board  delegated  certain  responsibilities  to  committees?  If  yes, please provide details.  The  Board  has  delegated  certain  responsibilities  to  the  AC,  the  NC  and  the  RC  (collectively,  the  '  Board  Committees  ').  The  compositions  of  the  Board  Committees  have been set out in Section 1.1 of this report.  1.5  Have  the  Board  and  Board  Committees  met  in  the  last  financial year?  The Board meets at least two (2) times a year, and as and when circumstances require.  Directors with multiple Board representations ensure that sufficient time and attention  are  given  to  the  affairs  of  each  company.  During  2022,  the  number  of  the  Board  and  Board Committee meetings held and the attendance of each Board member are shown  below:  Table 1.5 - Attendance of Board and Board Committee Meetings in FY2022/2023  Board  AC  NC  RC  Number of Meetings Held  2  2  1  1  Name of Director  Number of Meetings Attended  Eric Sho Kian Hin  2  2  1*  1  Ng Fook Ai Victor  2  2  1  1  Thomas Tan Gim Chua  2  2*  1  1*  Ng Boon Eng  2  2  1  1  * By invitation  Note:  (1)  The  Company  and  its  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  QT  Vascular  Ltd  underwent  a  restructuring pursuant to a scheme of arrangement under Section 210 of the Companies  Act,  which  was  carried  out  on  the  terms  of  the  scheme  document  dated  1  June  2022  ('Scheme') pursuant to which there was a transfer of the listing from QT Vascular Ltd to  Quantum Healthcare Limited with effect from 29 May 2022, and the NC and RC meeting  and one of the Board and AC meetings were held by the board and board committees  of QT Vascular Ltd prior to the completion of the Scheme.  The Company's Constitution (the 'Constitution') allows for Board meetings to be held  through teleconferencing and/or videoconferencing.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  1.6  What  types  of  information  does  the  Company  provide  to  Non-  Executive Directors to enable them  to  understand  its  business  and  financial  environment  as  well  as  the  risks  faced  by  the  Company?  How frequently is  the  information  provided?  It  is  the  aim  of  the  Board to provide shareholders with a balanced and understandable  assessment of the Company's performance, position, and prospects. This responsibility  extends to the interim and full-year financial results announcements, other price-sensitive  public reports, and reports to regulators (if required).  Management provides the Board with key information that is complete, adequate, and  timely.  The  types  of  information  which  are  provided  by  Management to the Board are  set out in the table below:  Table 1.6 - Types of information provided by Management  Information  Frequency  1.  Board  papers  (with  background  or  explanatory  information relating to the matters brought before the  Board, where necessary)  Half-yearly  2.  Updates to the Group's operations and the markets in  which the Group operates in  Half-yearly  3.  Reports on on-going or planned corporate actions  Half-yearly  4.  Internal auditors' ('  IA  ') report(s)  Yearly  5.  Regulatory updates and implications  As and when required  6  Significant project updates  As and when required  7  External Auditors' reports  Yearly  Management recognises  the  importance  of  circulating  information  on  a  timely  basis  to  ensure  that  the  Board  has  adequate  time  to  review  the  materials  to  facilitate  a  constructive  and  effective  discussion  during  the  scheduled  meetings.  As  such,  Management endeavours to circulate information for the Board meetings at least one  week prior to the meetings to allow sufficient time for the Directors' review.  Key management personnel will also provide any additional material or information that  is  requested by Directors or that is necessary to enable the Board to make a balanced  and informed assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects. Directors  are  also  provided  with  the  contact  details  of  key  management  personnel  to  facilitate  direct and independent access to Management.  1.7  Do  the  Directors  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  Management,  the  Company  Secretary  and  professional  advisers?  All Directors have separate and independent access to the Management and Company  Secretary at all times.  The role of the Company Secretary, the appointment and removal of whom is a matter  for the Board as a whole, is as follows:  •  Ensuring that board procedures are followed and that the Company's Constitution,  applicable  rules  and  regulations,  including  requirements  of  the  Securities  and  Futures  Act  2001  of  Singapore,  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore  and  the  Catalist Rules, are complied with;  •  Ensuring good information flows within the Board and its board committees and  between the senior management and the Directors,  •  Advising the Board on all corporate governance matters,  •  Facilitating orientation and assisting with professional developments;  •  Attending all board and committee meetings;  •  Ensuring coordination and liaison between the Board, the Board Committees and  key management personnel; and  •  Assisting  the  Chairman,  the  Chairman  of  each  Board  Committee  and  key  management personnel in the development of agendas for the various Board and  Board Committee meetings.  Individually or collectively, in order to execute their duties, Directors are able to obtain  independent professional advice at the Company's expense as and when required.  The  appointment of such independent professional advisors is subject to approval of the  Board.   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  Board Composition and Guidance  2.1  2.2  2.3  Does  the  Company  comply  with  the  provisions  on  the  proportion  of  Independent  Directors  and/  or  Non-Executive  Directors  on  the  Board?  If  not,  please  state  the  reasons  for  the  deviation  and  the  remedial  action  taken  by  the  Company.  As at the date of this Annual Report, the Board comprises one Executive Director and  three Independent Non-Executive Directors.  In  view  that  the  Chairman  of  the  Company  is  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  and the Independent Directors make up more than one-third of the Board, there is a  strong and independent element on the Board which provide independence of thought  when making decisions which are in the best interest of the Company. The Company  has  complied  with  the  relevant  provisions  as  a  majority  of  the  Board  members  are  Independent Non-Executive Directors.  As  the  Chairman  of  the  Company,  Mr  Ng  Fook  Ai  Victor,  is  an  Independent  Non-  Executive Director, no Lead Independent Director was appointed in the Company. Mr  Ng Fook Ai Victor makes himself available to shareholders if they have any concerns  relating to matters that contact through the CEO or CFO has failed to resolve, or where  such contact is inappropriate, as well as at the Company's general meetings.  2.1  4.4  Has  the  independence  of  the  Independent  Directors  been  reviewed in the last financial year?  Independent  Directors  make  up  the  majority  of  the  Board  members.  In  determining  the  independence  of  the  Independent  Directors,  the  Board  takes  into  account  the  existence of relationships or circumstances, including those identified by the Code, that  are relevant in its determination as to whether a Director is independent.  The NC has  reviewed and confirmed the independence of the Independent Directors in accordance  with the Code, PG and Catalist Rules.  The Independent Directors have also confirmed  their independence in accordance with the Code, PG and Catalist Rules.  (a)  Is  there  any  Director  who  is  deemed  to  be  independent  by the Board, notwithstanding  the existence of a relationship  as  stated  in  the  Code  that  would  otherwise  deem  him  not  to  be  independent?  If  so,  please  identify  the  Director  and specify the nature of such  relationship.  (b)  What  are  the  Board's  reasons  for  considering  him  independent? Please provide a  detailed explanation.  There is  no  Director  who  is  deemed  independent  by  the  Board,  notwithstanding  the  existence of a relationship as stated in the Code that would otherwise deem him not to  be independent.  Catalist  Rule  406(3)(d)  Has  any  Independent  Director  served  on  the  Board  for  more  than  nine  years  since  the  date  of  his  first  appointment? If so, please  identify  the  Director  and  set  out  the Board's reasons for considering  him independent.  Pursuant to Rule 406(3)(d)(iv) of the Catalist Rules, an Independent Director who has held  his or her position for an aggregate period of more than nine (9) years (whether before  or  after  listing)  will  cease  to  be  independent  thereafter.  However,  such  director  may  continue to be considered independent until the conclusion of the next annual general  meeting of the Company.  As at the date of this annual report, there is no Independent Director who has served  beyond nine (9) years since the date of his first appointment by the Company. Mr Sho  Kian Hin, an Independent Non-Executive Director was first appointed to the board of  directors of QT Vascular Ltd, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, on 25 September  2015, and will be serving his eighth year as a director within the Group if he were to be  re-elected at the upcoming annual general meeting ('  AGM  ') of the Company.  2.4  (a)  What  is  the  Board's  policy  with  regard  to  diversity  in  identifying director nominees?  The  Board  understands  and  believes  that  a  diverse  Board  enhances  the  Board's  decision-making capability and is more effective in dealing with business and industry  challenges or developments and organizational changes faced by the Company and its  subsidiaries  (the  'Group').  A  diverse  Board  would  comprise  Directors  with  a  balanced  and diversified set of skills, experiences and perspectives, to ensure that decisions made  by the Board have been considered from all points of view, and to foster or continue to  foster robust or constructive debate.  To  that  end,  the  Company  has  adopted  a  Board  Diversity  Policy  that  sets  out  a  framework for promoting diversity in respect of the composition of the Board, including  in identifying new Director appointees where applicable.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  (b)  Please  state  whether  the  current  composition  of  the  Board  provides  diversity  on  each  of  the  following  -  skills,  experience,  gender  and  knowledge  of  the  Company,  and  elaborate  with  numerical  data where appropriate.  The current Board composition provides a diversity of skills, experience and knowledge  to the Company as follows:  Table 2.4 - Balance and Diversity of the Board  Number of Directors  Proportion of Board  (%)  Core Competencies  -  Accounting or finance  3  75  -  Business management  4  100  -  Legal or corporate governance  4  100  -  Relevant industry knowledge or  experience  4  100  -  Strategic planning experience  4  100  -  Customer based experience or  knowledge  3  75  -  Information Technology  3  75  Gender  -  Male  4  100  -  Female  -  -  (c)  What  steps  have  the  Board  taken  to  achieve  the  balance  and  diversity  necessary  to  maximise its effectiveness?  In  designing,  determining  or  assessing  (as  the  case  may  be)  the  Board's  composition,  Board diversity has been considered from a wide range of aspects, including but not  limited  to  skills,  experience,  educational  background,  profession,  length  of  service,  gender, age and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant and applicable  from time to time. High emphasis is placed on ensuring a balanced composition of skills  and experience at the Board level in order to provide a range of core competencies,  knowledge,  perspectives  and  insights  that  will  enable  the  Board  to  discharge  its  duties  and  responsibilities  effectively,  support  good  decision-making  in  view  of  the  core businesses and strategy of the Company and the Group, and support succession  planning  and  development  of  the  Board.  The  Board  is  of  the  view  that,  while  it  is  important  to  promote  boardroom  diversity  in  terms  of  gender  or  age,  where  the  opportunity  arises,  the  normal  selection  criteria  based  on  an  effective  blend  of  skills  and experience, including meeting a matrix of skills, competencies and knowledge in  areas such as accounting and finance, law, information technology (IT), human resources  (HR)  and  business  and  industry  knowledge  (collectively  the  '  Board Skills  Matrix  ')  to  strengthen the decision-making capabilities of the Board should remain a priority. The  Board would take into consideration the following measures:  a)  Skills and Experience diversity  The  Committee  will  evaluate  from  time  to  time  the  existing  attributes  and  core  competencies of the Board based,  inter  alia  ,  on  the  Board  Skills  Matrix,  so  as  to  assess  and  understand  the  range  of  expertise  which  is  lacking  by  the  Board  (if  applicable)  and/or  the  necessary  skills  and  experiences  required  on  the  Board.  By  using  the  Board  Skills  Matrix  that  sets  out  the  mix  of  skills,  knowledge  and  experience  that  the  Board  currently  has  or  is  looking  for  from  its  members  from  time to time, this will help identify any gaps in the collective skills of the Board that  should be addressed as part of the Company's professional development initiatives  for its directors or as part of its Board succession planning.  b)  Gender diversity  The Company is committed to maintaining an environment of respect for people  regardless  of  their  gender  in  all  business  dealings  and  achieving  a  workplace  environment free of harassment and discrimination on the basis of gender or family  status.  The  same  principle  is  applied  to  the  selection  of  potential  candidates  for  appointment to the Board in order to attract and retain women participation on the  Board.  c)  Age diversity  The Company does not fix an age limit for its Directors given that there is no longer  a  statutory  age  limit  requirement  for  Directors  and  senior  Directors  are  generally  more experienced and able to contribute or share their wealth of knowledge and  experience with the rest of the Board. The Board is fully committed to promoting  age  diversity,  but  at  the  same  time,  valuing  the  contribution  of  its  members  regardless of age, and seek to eliminate age stereotyping and discrimination based  on age.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  The Board has taken the following steps in FY2022 to maintain or enhance its balance  and diversity:  •  Annual review by the NC to assess if the existing attributes and core competencies  of the Board are complementary and enhance the efficacy of the Board; and  •  Annual evaluation by the Directors of the skill sets the Directors possess,  inter alia  ,  based on the Board Skills Matrix, with a view to understand the range of expertise  which is lacking by the Board.  Based on the foregoing,  and  considering  the  Company  has  just  diversified  into  new  business, the Board is reasonably satisfied that the Board as a whole generally has the  relevant  combination  of  skills,  experience,  and  diversity  to  ensure  smooth  transition  of  new  business,  serve  the  needs  and  plans  of  the  Company  and  the  Group  but  will  continue to focus its efforts in FY2023 in optimising the Board composition based on the  Board Skills Matrix.  In addition, the Group target to achieve gender diversity by having at least 25% female  participation on the Board by year 2025.  The  NC  will  consider  the  results  of  these  exercises  in  its  recommendation  for  the  appointment of new directors and/or the re-appointment of incumbent directors.  As  mentioned  above,  Mr  Sho  Kian  Hin,  who  is  currently  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee was first appointed to the  board of directors of QT Vascular Ltd, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, on 25  September 2015, and will be serving his eighth year as a director within the Group if he  were to be re-elected at the upcoming AGM of the Company. The Company intends  to  identify  suitable  candidate(s)  with  the  relevant  accounting  and  audit  experience  or  diverse skills  set  to  be  appointed  to  take  over  the  role  and  position  of    Mr  Sho,  inter  alia, as Chairman of the Audit Committee to promote and enhance Board renewal and  succession planning.  2.5  Have the Non-Executive Directors  and/or Independent Directors met  in  the  absence  of  management in  the last financial year?  The  Non-Executive  Directors  and/or  Independent  Directors,  led  by  the  Independent  Non-Executive Chairman, are scheduled to meet regularly, and as warranted, either via  physical meetings or other means of communication such as email correspondence, to  discuss concerns or matters such as the effectiveness of Management. Such discussions  are conducted where appropriate in the absence of management.  The  Non-Executive  Directors  and/or  Independent  Directors  have  met  once  in  the  absence of management in FY2022.  The Chairman of such meetings provide feedback  to the Board and/or Chairman as appropriate.  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  3.1  3.2  3.3  Are the duties between Chairman  and CEO segregated?  The  roles  of  the  Chairman  and  CEO  are  separate  to  ensure  a  clear  division  of  their  responsibilities,  increased  accountability  and  greater  capacity  of  the  Board  for  independent decision making. The Chairman is not related to the CEO.  The responsibilities of the Chairman are as follows:  (a)  to lead the Board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its role;  (b)  to promote a culture of openness and debate at the Board;  (c)  to facilitate the effective contribution of non-executive directors in particular; and  (d)  to promote high standards of corporate governance.  The responsibilities of the CEO are as follows:  (a)  to progress and advance the strategic direction provided by the Board;  (b)  the operational running of the Company, pursuant to the Board delegating to the  CEO certain of the Board's powers, authorities and discretions;  (c)  to set the agenda of Board meetings and ensure that adequate time is available for  discussion of all agenda items, in particular strategic issues;  (d)  to ensure that the directors receive complete, adequate and timely information;  (e)  to ensure effective communication with shareholders; and   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  (f)  to  encourage constructive relations within the Board and between the Board and  Management.  The Board is  satisfied  that  there  is  sufficient  transparency  and  accountability  in  view  of  the  distinction  of  responsibilities.    Mr  Ng  Fook  Ai  Victor  is  an  Independent  Director  and is also the Chairman of the Board and he is also available to shareholders at the  Company's general meetings and can be contacted at victor@nextrevolutionnow.com.  Hence, the Board is of the view that there is no need to appoint a lead independent  director  as  there  is  a  sufficiently  strong  independent  element  on  the  Board  which  enables the exercise of judgement with regards to the corporate affairs of the Group.  Board Membership  4.1  What are the duties of the NC?  The NC is guided by key terms of reference as follows:  (a)  the review of board succession plans for directors, in particular, the Chairman, the  CEO and key management personnel;  (b)  the development of a process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the  Board, its board committees and directors;  (c)  the review of training and professional development programs for the Board;  (d)  to  decide  whether  or  not  a  director  of  the  Company  is  able  to  and  has  been  adequately carrying out his duties as a director;  (e)  board  appointments  and  re-nominations  of  existing  directors  for  re-election  in  accordance  with  the  Company's  Constitution  (including  alternate  directors,  if  applicable) after having considered important issues, as part of the process for the  selection,  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  directors,  as  to  composition  and  progressive renewal of the Board and each director's competencies, commitment,  contribution  and  performance  (e.g.  attendance,  preparedness,  participation,  candour)  including,  if  applicable,  as  an  independent  director  as  well  as  ensuring  all  directors  submit  themselves  for  re-nomination  and  re-appointment  at  regular  intervals and at least once every three years;  (f)  setting  the  policy  and  objectives  for  achieving  board  diversity  and  reviewing  the  Company's progress towards achieving these objectives;  (g)  to review updates or changes to the board diversity policy, where appropriate, from  time to time; and  (h)  reviewing the composition of the Board of Directors to ensure that the Board of  Directors and Board committees are of an appropriate size, comprise Directors who  as a group provide an appropriate balance and mix of skills, knowledge, experience,  and other aspects of diversity such as gender and age, so as to avoid groupthink  and foster constructive debate, and function competently and efficiently  4.3  Catalist  Rule  720(4)  Please  describe  the  board  nomination  process  for  the  Company in the last financial year  for  (i)  selecting  and  appointing  new  directors  and  (ii)  re-electing  incumbent directors.  Table 4.3(a) - Process for the Selection and Appointment of New Directors  1.  Determination of  selection criteria  •  The NC, in consultation with the Board, would identify  the current needs of the Board in terms of expertise and  skills that are required in the context of the strengths and  weaknesses  of  the  existing  Board  to  complement  and  strengthen the Board.  •  In  reviewing  Board  composition,  the  NC  will  consider  the benefits of all aspects of diversity including, but not  limited  to,  those  described  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  in  order  to  maintain  an  appropriate  range,  balance  and  diversity  of  skills,  experience,  and  background  on  the  Board.  •  In identifying suitable candidates for appointment to the  Board, the NC will consider candidates on merit against  objective criteria and with due regard for the benefits of  diversity on the Board.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  2.  Search for suitable  candidates  •  The  NC  would  consider  candidates  proposed  by  the  Directors,  key  management  personnel  or  substantial  shareholders, and may engage professional search firms  where necessary.  3.  Assessment  of shortlisted  candidates  •  The  NC  would  meet  and  interview  the  shortlisted  candidates to assess their suitability.  4.  Appointment of  director  •  The NC would recommend the selected candidate to the  Board for consideration and approval.  Table 4.3(b) - Process for Re-electing Incumbent Directors  1.  Assessment of  director  •  The NC would assess the contributions and performance  of  the  director  in  accordance  with  the  performance  criteria set by the Board; and  •  The NC would also review the range of expertise, skills  and attributes  of  current  Board  members  and  consider  the current needs of the Board.  2.  Re-appointment of  director  •  Subject  to  the  NC's  satisfactory  assessment  of  their  overall  contributions  and  performance,  the  NC  would  recommend the proposed re-appointment of the director  to the Board for its consideration and approval.  Pursuant to Article  110  of  the  Constitution,  at  least  one-third  of  the  Directors  for  the  time being (or if their number is not a multiple of three (3), the number nearest to but  not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation (excluding Directors appointed  as  causal  vacancies  who  are  required  to  retire  at  the  AGM  pursuant  to  Article  114  of  the Constitution). Rule 720(4) of the Catalist Rules also requires all Directors to submit  themselves for re-nomination and re-appointment at least once every three (3) years.  Any  further  Directors  so  to  retire  shall  be  those  of  the  other  Directors  subject  to  retirement  by  rotation  who  have  been  longest  in  office  since  their  last  re-election  or  appointment or have been in office for three (3) years since their last election.  After assessing their contribution and performance, the NC, with the respective Director  interested in the discussion having abstained from the deliberations, has recommended  the following Directors be nominated for re-election. The Board has accepted the NC's  recommendation to seek the approval of Shareholders at the upcoming AGM for the re-  election of the following Directors:  Table 4.3(c) - Re-election of Directors retiring at the forthcoming AGM  Name  Designation  Roles  Sho Kian Hin  Independent Director  AC Chairman and RC member  Thomas Tan Gim  Chua  Chief Executive Officer  and Executive Director  NC member  Ng Fook Ai Victor  Independent Chairman  RC Chairman and AC, NC member  Ng Boon Eng  Independent Director  NC Chairman and AC, RC member  Sho Kian Hin, Ng Boon Eng, and Ng Fook Ai Victor are considered independent for the  purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules.  Further details on Sho Kian Hin, Ng Boon Eng, Ng Fook Ai Victor and Thomas Tan Gim  Chua as per Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules are set out from pages 150 to 160 of the  Annual Report.  Article  114  of  the  Constitution  requires  Directors  who  were  appointed  to  fill  a  causal  vacancy to hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and  as  all  the  existing  Directors  of  the  Company  were  appointed  in  conjunction  with  the  incorporation of the Company on 30th May 2022 and the upcoming AGM is the first  AGM of the Company, all the existing Directors of the Company will be retiring and  seeking re-election pursuant to Article 114 of the Constitution. In addition, Sho Kian Hin  and Ng Boon Eng will be seeking re-election pursuant to Article 110 of the Constitution  which provides for retirement and re-election of Directors by rotation on an annual basis  at each annual general meeting of the Company.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  4.5  (a)  What is the maximum number  of  listed  company  board  representations  that  the  Company  has  prescribed  for  its  directors?  What  are  the  reasons for this number?  The Board has set the maximum number of listed company board representations as 8.  As of date of this report, none of the directors have directorship in more than 8 listed  companies.  Having  assessed  the  capacity  of  the  Directors  based  on  factors  disclosed  in  Section  4.5(c)  below,  the  Board  is  of  the  view  that  this  number  would  allow  Directors  to  have  increased exposure to different Boards and broaden their experience and knowledge in  relation to Board matters, hence ultimately benefiting the Company.  (b)  If  a  maximum  has  not  been  determined,  what  are  the  reasons?  Not applicable.  (c)  What  are  the  specific  considerations  in  deciding  on  the capacity of directors?  The considerations in assessing the capacity of Directors include the following:  •  Expected and/or competing time commitments of Directors, including whether such  commitment is a full-time or part-time employment capacity;  •  Geographical location of Directors;  •  Size and composition of the Board;  •  Nature and scope of the Group's operations and size; and  •  Capacity, complexity and expectations of the other listed directorships and principle  commitments held.  The measures and evaluation tools in  place  to  assess  the  performance  and  consider  competing time commitments of the Directors include the following:-  •  Declarations  by  individual  Directors  of  their  other  listed  company  board  directorships and principal commitments;  •  Annual confirmations by each Director on his/her ability to devote sufficient time  and attention to the Company's affairs, having regard to his/her other commitments;  and  •  Assessment of the individual Directors' performance based on the criteria set out in  Section 5 of this report.  (d)  Have the Directors adequately  discharged their duties?  The NC has reviewed the time spent and attention given by each of the Directors to  the Company's affairs, taking into account the multiple directorships and other principal  commitments of each of the Directors (if any) and is satisfied that all Directors holding  office in FY2022 have discharged their duties adequately for FY2022.  PG 4  Are there alternate Directors?  The Company does not have any alternate directors currently. Alternate Directors will be  appointed as and when the Board deems necessary.  Board Performance  5.1  5.2  What are the performance criteria  set to evaluate the effectiveness of  the Board as a whole and its board  committees, and for assessing the  contribution  by  each  Director  to  the effectiveness of the Board?  Table 5 sets out the performance criteria, as recommended by the NC and approved  by  the  Board,  to  be  relied  upon  to  evaluate  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  as  a  whole and its Board Committees, and for assessing the contribution by each Director  to  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  to  address  how  the  Board  has  enhanced  long-term  shareholders' value:  Table 5 - Performance Criteria for Evaluating Board Effectiveness  Performance  Criteria  Board and Board Committees  Individual Directors  Qualitative  1.  Size and composition  2.  Access to information  3.  Board processes  4.  Inputs to strategic planning  5.  Board accountability  6.  CEO/Top Management  interaction  7.  Standards of Conduct  8.  Board Committee'  performance in relation  to discharging their  responsibilities set out in their  respective terms of reference  1.  Commitment of time  2.  Knowledge and abilities  3.  Teamwork  4.  Overall effectiveness  5.  Engagement with  Management  6.  Independence and objectivity  Quantitative  1.  Attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  The  evaluations  are  designed  to  assess  the  Board's  effectiveness  to  enable  the  NC  Chairman and Board to identify the areas of improvement or enhancement which can be  made to the Board. No external facilitator was used in the evaluation process.  The NC would review the criteria on a periodic basis to ensure that the criteria is able  to provide an accurate and effective performance assessment taking into consideration  industry  standards and the economic climate with the objective to enhance long term  shareholders value, thereafter propose amendments if any, to the Board for approval.  The NC has reviewed and adopted the same performance criteria for evaluation of the  Board after  the  completion  of  the  Scheme  as  the  performance  criteria  for  evaluation  of  the  board  of  directors  of  QT  Vascular  Ltd  prior  to  the  completion  of  the  Scheme,  since the Board composition remained the same since the transfer of the listing from QT  Vascular Ltd on 29 May 2022 to Quantum Healthcare Limited.  (a)  What  was  the  process  upon  which  the  Board  reached  the  conclusion on its performance  for the financial year?  The review of the performance of the Board and the Board Committees is conducted by  the NC annually via a performance evaluation questionnaire to be completed by each  Director and each Board Committee member. The review of the performance of each  Director is also conducted at least annually and when the individual Director is due for  re-election.  For FY2022:  1.  All  Directors  individually  completed  a  board  evaluation  questionnaire  on  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board  and  Board  Committees,  and  the  individual  Directors  based on criteria disclosed in Table 5 above.  2.  The questionnaire results are collated for the NC's discussion and the NC concluded  the performance results during the NC meeting; and  3.  All NC members have abstained from the voting or review process of any matters in  connection with the assessment of his performance.  No external facilitator was used in the evaluation process.  (b)  Has  the  Board  met  its  performance objectives?  Yes, the Board Committees and the Directors have met their performance objectives for  FY2022.  REMUNERATION MATTERS  Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies  6.1  6.3  What is the role of the RC?  The  RC  is  guided  by  key  terms  of  reference  which  include,  amongst  others,  the  following:  (a)  Review and recommend to the Board a general framework of remuneration for the  Board and key management personnel, as well as specific remuneration packages  for each Director and key management personnel of the Company;  (b)  Review  annually  the  remuneration  of  the  key  management  personnel  and  the  Executive Director(s) including the terms of renewal for their service agreements;  (c)  Review  the  Company's  obligations  arising  in  the  event  of  termination  of  the  Executive Director(s) and key management personnel's contracts of service and to  ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses  which are not overly generous; and  (d)  Oversee the allotment and issue of Shares pursuant to the Varied Options granted  under the Option Schemes and the Varied Awards granted under the Share Plan.  Please refer to page 43, or relevant page of this annual report for further details of  the Varied Options and Varied Awards.  Termination Clause  There is currently no amount for termination, retirement and post-employment benefits  granted to the Executive Director and the top key management personnel (who are not  Executive Directors).   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  Claw-back mechanism  The  Company  does  not  use  contractual  provisions  to  allow  the  Company  to  reclaim  incentive  components  of  remuneration  from  the  Executive  Director  and  key  management personnel in exceptional circumstances of misstatement of financial results,  or of misconduct resulting in financial loss to the Company. The Executive Director owes  a fiduciary duty to the Company.  The Company will avail itself to remedies against the  Executive Director in the event of such breach of fiduciary duties.  The Board is of the view that as the Group pays performance bonuses based on the  actual performance of the Group and/or Company (and not on forward-looking results) as  well as the actual results of its Executive Director and key management personnel, hence,  'claw-back' provisions in the service agreements may not be relevant or appropriate.  6.4  Were  remuneration  consultants  engaged in the last financial year?  In FY2022, the Company did not engage any remuneration consultants.  Level and Mix of Remuneration  7.1  7.3  What  i s  t h e  Company's  remuneration policy?  The Company's remuneration policy, which covers all aspects of remuneration, including  but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, benefits-in-kind, bonuses, options,  share-based  incentives  and  awards,  is  one  that  seeks  to  attract,  retain  and  motivate  talent  to  achieve  the  Company's  business  vision  and  create  sustainable  value  for  its  stakeholders.  The policy articulates to staff the link that total compensation has to the  achievement of organisational and individual performance objectives and benchmarked  against relevant and comparative compensation in the market.  (a)  Please  describe  how  the  remuneration  received  by  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  has  been  determined  by  the  performance criteria.  The remuneration received by the Executive Director and key management personnel  are  based  on  the  terms  of  service  contracts  or  employment  letters  entered  into  between  the  Company  and  the  Executive  Director  and  key  management  personnel  respectively.  Their  remuneration  is  made  up  of  fixed  and  variable  compensation.  The  fixed  compensation  consists  of  an  annual  base  salary,  fixed  allowance  and  annual  wage supplement.    The  variable  compensation  is  determined  based  on  the  level  of  achievement of corporate and individual performance objectives, at the sole discretion  of the Board on the recommendation of the RC.  There  was  no  variable  compensation  paid  to  the  Executive  Director  and  key  management personnel for FY2022.  (b)  What  were  the  performance  conditions  used  to  determine  their  entitlement  under  the  short  term  and  long  term  incentive schemes?  The following performance conditions were chosen for the Group to remain competitive  and to motivate the Executive Director(s) to provide good stewardship of the Group  and for key management personnel to work in alignment with the long term goals of all  stakeholders:  Table 7 - Incentive Performance Conditions  Performance  Conditions  Short-term Incentives  (such as performance bonus)  Qualitative  1.  Leadership  2.  People development  3.  Commitment  4.  Teamwork  Quantitative  The  Company  currently  does  not  have  in  place  any  profit-sharing  or  performance  incentive  arrangements  for  the  Executive  Director  or  the  key  management  personnel  which  is  based  on  the  Company  or  the  Group  meeting  a  prescribed  financial  performance  or  financial condition target or condition. The  RC will  monitor  and  evaluate  whether  to  provide for such quantitative performance  conditions  depending,  inter  alia  ,  on  the  business  and  plans  of  the  Company  and  the Group.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  The  Company  currently  does  not  have  in  place  any  profit-sharing  or  performance  incentive  arrangements  for  the  Executive  Director  or  the  key  management  personnel  which  is  based  on  the  Company  or  the  Group  meeting  a  prescribed  financial  performance or financial condition target or condition, and variable compensation for  the  Executive  Director  and  the  key  management  personnel,  if  any,  would  be  based  on discretionary bonuses to be determined at the sole discretion of the Board on the  recommendation of the RC. The Board and Board Committees will monitor and evaluate  whether to provide for such quantitative performance conditions depending,  inter  alia  ,  on the business and plans of the Company and the Group.  (c)  Were all  of  these  performance  conditions  met?  If  not,  what  were the reasons?  Yes, the RC has reviewed and is satisfied that the performance conditions were met for  FY2022.  7.2  Please  describe  how  the  remuneration  received  by  Non-  Executive  Directors  has  been  determined  by  the  performance  criteria.  The Non-Executive Directors do not have any service agreements with the Company.  Except for directors'  fees,  which  have  to  be  approved  by  shareholders  at  AGMs,  the  Non-Executive  Directors  do  not  receive  any  other  forms  of  remuneration  from  the  Company.  The  fees  for  the  financial  year  in  review  are  determined  in  the  current  financial  year,  proposed  by  the  Management,  submitted  to  the  RC  for  review  and  thereafter  recommended to the Board for approval.  The RC has reviewed and assessed that the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors  for  FY2022 is appropriate, considering the effort, time spent and responsibilities of the  said Directors.  Disclosure on Remuneration  8.1  (a)  Has  the  Company  disclosed  each Director's and the CEO's  remuneration  as  well  as  a  breakdown  (in  percentage)  into  base/fixed  salary,  variable  or  performance-related  income/bonuses,  benefits  in  kind,  stock  options  granted,  share-based  incentives  and  awards,  and  other  long-term  incentives? If not, what are the  reasons for not disclosing so?  The breakdown for the remuneration of the Directors for FY2022 is as follows:  Table 8.1 - Directors' Remuneration  Name  Remuneration  Bands (1)  Salary  (%)  Bonus  (%)  Directors  Fees  (%)  Benefits-  in-kind  (%)  Share  awards  (%)  Total  (%)  Thomas Tan  Gim Chua  B  100  -  -  -  -  100  Ng Fook Ai  Victor  A  -  -  100  -  -  100  Ng Boon Eng  A  -  -  100  -  -  100  Sho Kian Hin  A  -  -  100  -  -  100  Notes:  (1)  Remuneration Bands:  Band 'A' refers to remuneration of up to S$250,000 per annum; and  Band 'B' refers to remuneration from S$250,001 to S$500,000 per annum.  As the Directors including the Executive Director and CEO have been newly appointed  to the Board and Management in FY2022, and given the highly competitive environment  and nature of the business and industry that the Group is in, for which specialised skill  sets are required, the Company will disclose the full details of Directors' and the CEO's  remuneration in due course after the business of the Group is more stabilised.  There  were  no  termination,  retirement  and  post-employment  benefits  that  may  be  granted to Directors, the CEO and the top key management personnel (who are not  Directors or the CEO).   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  (b)  Has  the  Company  disclosed  each  key  management  personnel's  remuneration,  in  bands  of  S$250,000  or  more  in  detail,  as  well  as  a  breakdown  (in  percentage)  into  base/fixed  salary,  variable  or  performance-related  income/bonuses,  benefits  in  kind,  stock  options  granted,  share-based  incentives  and  awards,  and  other  long-term  incentives? If not, what are the  reasons for not disclosing so?  The Company only had two (2) top key management personnel during FY2022.  The breakdown for the remuneration of the Company's key management personnel (who  are not Directors or the CEO) for FY2022 is as follows:  Table 8.2 - Remuneration of Key Management Personnel  Name  Remuneration  Bands (1)  Salary  (%)  Bonus  (%)  Benefits-  in-kind  (%)  Share  awards  (%)  Total  (%)  Dr Gian Siong Lin  Jimmy  B  100  -  -  -  100  Kelvin Tong (2)  A  100  -  -  -  100  Notes:  (1)   Band 'A' refers to remuneration of up to S$250,000 per annum.  (2)   Kelvin  Tong  has  resigned  and  his  last  day  with  the  Company  was  on  13  January  2023.  After  reviewing  the  industry  practice  and  analysing  the  advantages  and  disadvantages  in  relation  to  the  disclosure  of  remuneration  of  each  key  management  personnel  to  the  nearest  thousand  dollars,  the  Company  is  of  the  view  that  such  disclosure  would  be prejudicial to its business interest given the highly competitive environment and the  nature of the industry for which specialised skill sets are required.  There  were  no  termination,  retirement  and  post-employment  benefits  that  may  be  granted to the top key management personnel (who are not Directors or the CEO).  (c)  Please disclose the aggregate  remuneration  paid  to  the  top  five  key  management  personnel  (who  are  not  Directors or the CEO).  The  Company  only  had  two  key  management  personnel  (excluding  the  Executive  Director and CEO) in FY2022. The total aggregate remuneration of the key management  personnel  in  FY2022  was  S$  604,000.  The  specific  disclosure  of  renumeration  of  the  key  management personnel is not disclosed in this annual report as the Board is  of  the  opinion  that  such  disclosure  would  be  prejudicial  to  the  Company's'  business  interests,  given  the  highly  competitive  conditions  in  the  industry  and  the  fact  that  the  management team consists of only two key executive personnel (excluding the Directors  and  CEO).  After  taking  into  account  the  reasons  for  non-disclosure  state  above,  the  Board is of the view that the current disclosure of the remuneration presented herein  in  this  report  is  reasonably  sufficient  to  provide  shareholders  with  information  on  the  Group's remuneration policies, as well as the level and mix of remuneration. Accordingly,  the Board is of the view that the Company complies with Principle 8 of the Code.  8.2  Is  there  any  employee  who  is  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company  or  is  an  immediate  family  member  of  a  Director  or  the  CEO  or  is  immediate  family  of  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company,  and  whose  remuneration  exceeds  S$100,000  during the last financial year? If so,  please  identify  the  employee  and  specify  the  relationship  with  the  relevant Director or the CEO.  There is no employee who is a substantial shareholder or employee of the Group who  is an immediate family member of a Director, substantial shareholder or the CEO whose  remuneration exceeded S$100,000 in FY2022.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  8.3  Please  provide  details  of  the  employee share scheme(s).  The Company does not have any employee share scheme(s).  Under the Scheme:  a)  the  Company  had  assumed  all  liabilities  and  obligations  of  QT  Vascular  Ltd,  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  in  connection  with  the  outstanding  options  ('  Varied  Options  ') granted by QT Vascular Ltd to the holders of the options under the 2014  QTV Employee Share Option Scheme, QT Vascular Ltd 2013 Share Plan and the  TriReme Medical, LLC 2005 Stock Plan (collectively, the '  Option Schemes  ').  b)  the  Company  had  assumed  all  liabilities  and  obligations  of  QT  Vascular  Ltd,  its  wholly-owned  subsidiary  in  connection  with  the  outstanding  awards  ('  Varied  Awards  ')  granted  by  QT  Vascular  Ltd  to  the  holders  of  the  awards  under  the  QT  Vascular Restricted Share Plan 2015 (the '  Share Plan  ').  pursuant to which the Company shall be liable to allot and issue new ordinary shares in  the capital of the Company pursuant to the exercise of the Varied Options and/or the  vesting of the Varied Awards.  There are no participants who received 5% or more of the total number of outstanding  Varied Options that have been granted under the Option Schemes.  Save for Kelvin Tong, the previous CFO of the Company, there are no participants who  received 5% or more of the total number of outstanding Varied Awards that have been  granted under the Share Plan.  ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT  Risk Management and Internal Controls  9.1  9.2  Catalist  Rule  1204(10)  (a)  In  relation  to  the  major  risks  faced  by  the  Company,  i n c l u d i n g  f i n a n c i a l ,  operational,  compliance,  information  technology  and  sustainability,  please  state  the  bases  for  the  Board's  view  on  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Company's  internal  controls  and risk management systems.  The Board is responsible for the overall risk governance, risk management and internal  control framework of the Group and is fully aware of the need to put in place a system of  internal controls within the Group to safeguard shareholders' interests and the Group's  assets, and to manage risks.  The  CEO  meets  with  key  management  personnel  on  a  regular  basis  to  discuss  operational,  business  and  strategic  matters.  During  these  meetings,  key  projects  and  operational risks are identified and discussed, along with proposed mitigating measures  to  address  these  risks  to  ensure  residual  risks  are  mitigated  to  an  acceptable  level.  Follow-ups  are  then  performed  in  subsequent  meetings  to  ensure  mitigating  actions  are  executed. Any significant issues identified from these meetings are brought to the  attention of the Board.  The Group has in place a structured and systematic approach to risk management and  aims  to  mitigate  the  exposures  through  appropriate  risk  management  strategies  and  internal controls. Risk management in the Group is a continuous, iterative and integrated  process  which  has  been  incorporated  into  various  planning,  approval,  execution,  monitoring,  review  and  reporting  systems.  The  Group  adopts  a  top-down  as  well  as  bottom-up  approach  on  risk  management  to  ensure  strategic,  business,  operational,  financial, reporting, compliance and information technology risk exposures are identified  and appropriately managed.  The Board and the AC is of the view that the Company's internal controls (including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls)  and  risk  management systems were adequate and effective for FY2022.  The bases for the Board's view are as follows:  1.  Assurance has been received from the CEO and CFO (refer to Section (b) below);  2.  An internal  audit  has  been  done  by  the  internal  auditors  and  significant  matters  highlighted  to  the  AC  and  key  management  personnel  were  appropriately  addressed;  3.  Key management personnel regularly evaluates, monitors and reports to the AC on  material risks;   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  4.  Discussions  were  held  between  the  AC  and  auditors  in  the  absence  of  the  key  management personnel to review and address any potential concerns;  5.  An enterprise risk management framework was established to identify, manage and  mitigate significant risks; and  6.  Risk appetite statements with tolerance limits have been approved by the Board to  contain risks within acceptable levels.  The  Company  is  gradually  placing  emphasis  on  sustainability  and  would  implement  appropriate policies and programmes when the opportunities arise.  (b)  In  respect  of  the  past  12  months, has the Board received  assurance  from  the  CEO  and  the CFO as well as the IA that:  (i)  the  financial  records  have  been  properly  maintained  and  the  financial  statements  give  true  and  fair  view  of  the  Company's  operations  and  finances; and (ii) the Company's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  are  effective?  If  not,  how  does  the  Board  assure itself of points (i) and (ii)  above?  The Board has received assurance from the CEO and CFO (a) that the financial records  have been properly maintained and the financial statements for the financial year ended  31 December 2022 give a true and fair view of the Group's operations and finances; and  (b)  that  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  are  adequate  and  effective  to  address  the  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  risks in the context of the current scope of the Group's business operations.  Based on the assurance from the CEO and CFO referred to in the preceding paragraph,  the framework of risk management and internal controls established and maintained by  the Group, the review performed by the Management and the AC, the work performed  by  the  internal  auditors  and  the  review  undertaken  by  the  external  auditors  as  part  of  their  statutory  audit,  the  Board,  with  the  concurrence  of  the  AC,  is  satisfied  with  the  adequacy  and  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  internal  controls,  including  financial,  operational,  compliance  and  information  technology  controls,  and  risk  management  systems as at 31 December 2022.  Audit Committee  10.1  What  is  the  composition  of  and  role of the AC?  All  members  of  the  AC  are  Independent,  Non-Executive  Directors  who  do  not  have  any  management  and  business  relationships  with  the  Company  or  any  substantial  shareholder  of  the  Company.  None  of  the  AC  members  were  previous  partners  or  directors of the Company's external audit firm within the last twelve months and none of  the AC members hold any financial interest in the external audit firm.  The AC is guided by the following key terms of reference:  (a)  reviewing  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements  to  ensure  the  integrity of the financial statements of the Company and any formal announcements  relating to the Group's financial performance;  (b)  considering the appointment, re-appointment or removal of the external auditors,  the  level  of  their  remuneration  and  matters  relating  to  resignation  or  removal  of  the external auditors, and reviewing with the external auditors the audit plans, their  evaluation of  the  system  of  internal  accounting  controls,  their  audit  reports,  their  management letter and the Company's management's response before submission  of the results of such review to the Board for approval;  (c)  considering the appointment, re-appointment or removal of the internal auditors,  the level of their remuneration and matters relating to resignation or removal of the  internal auditors, and reviewing with the internal auditors the internal audit plans and  their  evaluation  of  the  adequacy  of  the  Company's  system  of  internal  accounting  controls and accounting system before submission of the results of such review to  the Board for approval prior to the incorporation of such results in the Company's  annual report (where necessary);  (d)  reviewing the system of internal accounting controls and procedures established by  management and discussing problems and concerns, if any, arising from the interim  and  final  audits,  and  any  matters  which  the  auditors  may  wish  to  discuss  (in  the  absence of management where necessary);  (e)  overseeing  the  development  of  the  Company's  risk  framework  to  manage  the  current risk exposures and future risk strategy of the Company;  (f)  reviewing the annual and half yearly financial statements and results announcements,  where  applicable,  before  submission  to  the  Board  for  approval,  focusing  in  particular,  on  changes  in  accounting  policies  and  practices,  major  areas  of  judgement,  significant  adjustments  resulting  from  the  audit,  the  going  concern  statement, compliance with accounting standards as well as compliance with any  stock exchange and statutory/ regulatory requirements;   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  (g)  reviewing  the  effectiveness  and  adequacy  of  the  Company's  administrative,  operating, internal  accounting,  financial  control  procedures  and  risk  management  system;  (h)  reviewing  the  scope  and  results  of  the  external  and  internal  audit,  and  the  independence and objectivity of the external and internal auditors;  (i)  reviewing  the  assurance  from  the  CEO  and  CFO  on  the  financial  records  and  financial statements; and  (j)  reviewing  whistleblowing  reports  by  which  the  staff  may,  in  confidence,  raise  concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting and to ensure  that  arrangements are in place for the independent investigations of such matter  and for appropriate follow-up.  Does the Company have a whistle-  blowing policy?  Yes.  The  Company's  staff  and  any  other  persons  may,  in  confidence,  raise  concerns  about  possible  improprieties  in  matters  of  financial  reporting  or  other  matters  by  submitting a whistle blowing report to the following Independent Directors:  Name  Email Address  Sho Kian Hin  eshokh88@yahoo.com  Ng Boon Eng  booneng.ng@cicf.com.sg  Ng Fook Ai Victor  victor@nextrevolutionnow.com  The AC, upon receipt of complaints or allegations from any employee, determines if  an  investigation  is  necessary.    If  an  investigation  should  be  carried  out,  it  will  direct  an  independent  investigation  to  be  conducted  on  the  complaint  received.    The  independent  investigation  has  a  well-defined  process  which  ensures  independent  investigation  of  issues/concerns  raised  and  appropriate  follow-up  action  and  provides  assurance  that  employees  will  be  protected  from  reprisal  within  the  limits  of  the  law  or  victimisation  for  whistle  blowing  in  good  faith.  Anonymous  reporting  will  also  be  attended to, and anonymity honoured.  The whistle blowing policy and procedures are reviewed by the AC from time to time to  ensure that they remain relevant.  The AC reports to the Board on such matters at the Board meetings. Should the AC  receive reports relating to serious offences and/or criminal activities in the Group, the  AC and the  Board  have  access  to  the  appropriate  external  advice  where  necessary.  Where  appropriate  or  required,  a  report  will  be  made  to  the  relevant  government  authorities for further investigation or action.  In  FY2022,  there  were  no  whistle-blowing  reports  received  by  the  whistle-blowing  committee.  Catalist  Rules 1204  (6)(a) and  1204(6)(b)  Has  the  AC  reviewed  the  independence of the EA?  The AC has reviewed the non-audit services provided by the EA and is satisfied that the  nature and extent of such services would not prejudice the independence of the EA, and  has recommended the re-appointment of the EA at the forthcoming AGM.  (a)  Please  provide  a  breakdown  of the fees paid in total to the  EA  for  audit  and  non-audit  services for the financial year.  Table 10.1 - Fees Paid/Payable to the EA for FY2022  US$'000  % of total  Audit fees  156  100  Non-audit fees  -  -  Total  156  100  (b)  If  the  EA  have  supplied  a  substantial  volume  of  non-audit  services  to  the  Company,  please  state  the  bases for the AC's view on the  independence of the EA.  The Audit Committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external  auditors  and  has  recommended  to  the  Board  of  Directors  that  the  auditors,  Moore  Stephens LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as auditors at the forthcoming Annual  General Meeting of the Company.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  10.2  Qualification of the AC members  Yes. The Board considers Mr Sho Kian Hin, who has extensive and practical accounting  and financial  management knowledge and experience, well qualified to chair the AC.  Mr Ng Boon Eng and Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor of the AC are also well versed in financial  management.  Further  details  on  the  key  information  and  profile  of  the  AC  members,  including  academic  and  professional  qualifications,  are  presented  under  the  Director's  Profile  section of this Annual Report.  The members of the AC collectively have many years of strong accounting and related  financial  management  expertise  and  experience  and  are  appropriately  qualified  to  discharge their responsibilities.  10.3  Exclusion from membership of AC  None of the AC members are a former partner or director of the Company's existing  auditing firm or audit corporation within the last two years and none of the AC members  hold any financial interest in the external audit firm.  10.4  Catalist  Rules  719(3) and  1204(10C)  Please  provide  details  of  the  Company's internal audit function,  if any.  The Company's internal audit function is outsourced to BDO LLP that reports directly to  the AC Chairman and administratively to the CEO and CFO. The AC is responsible for  the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the accounting or auditing firm or  corporation which the internal audit function of the Company is outsourced to. The AC  is  satisfied  that  internal  auditor  is  able  to  discharge  its  duties  effectively  as  the  internal  auditor:  •  is  independent, given that the internal auditor reports directly to the AC and not to  the management of the Company;  •  has  the  appropriate  standing  in  the  Company,  given,  inter  alia,  its  involvement  in  certain AC meetings and its unfettered access to all the Group's documents, records,  properties and personnel, including direct access to the AC, which allows the internal  auditors to be effective in their audit of the Group's internal controls;  •  is adequately qualified, given that the partner and staff assigned to the internal audit  of  the  Company are members of the Institute of Internal Auditors and it adheres to  the  Standards  for  the  Professional  Practice  of  Internal  Auditing  laid  down  in  the  International  Professional  Practices  Framework  issued  by  the  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors; and  •  is  adequately  resourced  as  there  is  a  team  of  between  2  to  5  members  assigned  to  the  Company's internal audit, led by Willy Leow who has more than 15 years of  diverse audit experience.  Pursuant to the requirement under Rule 711B(3) of the Catalist Rules for the Group's  sustainability  reporting  to  be  subject  to  internal  review,  the  Company  has  expanded  the Internal Audit function to include the review and coverage of material ESG areas in  the annual internal audit plan. The Board will continue to monitor and assess if external  assurance is required for the subsequent sustainability reports.  10.5  Has the AC met with the External  and  Internal  Auditors  in  the  absence  of  key  management  personnel?  Yes, the AC has met with the IA and the EA once in the absence of key management  personnel in FY2022.  SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES  Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings  11.1  Shareholders'  Participation  at  General Meetings  Appointment of Proxies  Shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings to ensure a greater level  of  shareholders'  participation  and  for  them  to  be  kept  up  to  date  with  the  strategies  and goals of the Group.  All shareholders of the Company receive a copy of the Annual  Report, the notice of AGM, circular and notice pertaining to any extraordinary general  meetings of the Company.  To facilitate  participation  by  the  shareholders,  the  Constitution  allows  the  shareholders  to  attend  and  vote  at  general  meetings  of  the  Company  or  to  appoint  not  more  than  two  proxies,  other  than  a  relevant  intermediary  (as  defined  in  section  181(6)  of  the  Companies Act) to attend and vote on their behalf.  A relevant intermediary is entitled  to appoint more than two (2) proxies to attend, speak and vote at the general meetings.  11.2  Bundling of Resolutions  Separate  resolutions  on  each  distinct  issue  are  requisite  unless  they  are  closely  related  and  are  more  appropriately  tabled  together.  Reasons,  and  implications  of  why  resolutions are bundled will be set out in the circulars sent out.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  11.3  Directors' Attendance  At  all  general  meetings,  all  Directors  (including  the  respective  chairman  of  the  Board  Committee)  are  present  to  attend  and  to  answer  queries  from  shareholders.  Shareholders are given the opportunity at the general meetings of the Company to air  their  views  and  query  the  Directors  and  the  Management  on  matters  relating  to  the  Group and its operations. The EA is also required to be present to address shareholders'  queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the independent  auditor's report.  All  the  Directors  and  the  EA  attended  the  AGM  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December 2021 held on 29 April 2022.  The Company views the AGM as a principal forum of dialogue and interaction with all  shareholders.  The Company will consider the use of other forums set out in the Code as  and when such needs arise.  11.4  Absentia Voting  Voting in absentia such as voting via mails, electronic mails or facsimile at the general  meetings may only be possible following careful study to ensure that integrity of the  information and authentication of the identity of shareholders through the web is not  compromised.  11.5  Publication of Minutes  The  Company  prepares  minutes  of  general  meetings  which  include  substantial  and  relevant comments and queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the general  meetings together with responses from the Board and Management.  For  the  general  meetings  held  during  FY2022,  all  minutes  of  such  meetings  were  announced  on  the  Company's  corporate  website  and  SGXNET.  The  minutes  to  the  Company's upcoming AGM will be published on SGXNET and the Company's corporate  website within one month after the AGM.  11.6  Does  the  Company  have  a  dividend policy?  The Company does not have a fixed dividend policy. Nonetheless, key management  personnel  will  review,  inter  alia  ,  the  Group's  performance  in  the  relevant  financial  period, projected capital needs and working capital requirements and make appropriate  recommendations to the Board on dividend declaration.  Is  the  Company  paying  dividends  for the financial year? If not, please  explain why.  The  Board  has  not  declared  or  recommended  any  dividends  for  FY2022  as  the  Company was not profitable and intends to retain all available funds for working capital  requirements.  Engagement with Shareholders  12.1  12.2  12.3  Please disclose if the Company has  an investor policy in place.  In  line  with  continuous  disclosure  obligations,  the  Company  is  committed  to  provide  regular  and  proactive  communication with its  shareholders  but  considers  advice  from  its  corporate  lawyers  and  professionals  on  appropriate  disclosure  requirements  before  announcing material information to shareholders.  All  announcements  are  released  via  SGXNET  including  the  quarterly/half  yearly  and  full  year  financial  results,  distribution  of  notices,  press  releases  and  other  major  developments.  Price sensitive information to shareholders is publicly released on an  immediate basis where required under the Catalist Rules.  All shareholders will receive  the annual report which is made available on the SGXNET.  The Company solicits feedback from and addresses the concerns of shareholders via the  following:  •  an  investor  relations  contact  whose  contact  details  can  be  found  on  the  Investor  Relations page of the Company's website, https://quantumhealthcare.com.sg/investor/;  •  media publications; and  •  investor/analyst briefings.  The Company's investor relations  website  at  https://www.quantumhealthcare.com.sg/  company-reports/,  is  a  key  resource  of  information  for  the  investment  community.  It  contains  comprehensive  information  on  the  Company,  including  annual  reports,  past  financial results, shares and dividend information.  (a)  Does  t h e  Company  regularly  communicate  with  shareholders  and  attend  to  their  questions?  How  often  does  the  Company  meet  with  institutional  and  retail  investors?  The  Company  strives  to  communicate  regularly  with  its  shareholders  and  meets  shareholders,  investors  and  media  who  wish  to  seek  a  better  understanding  of  the  Group's operations as and when necessary and appropriate.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Provision  Code and/or Provision Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  (b)  Is  this  done  by  a  dedicated  investor  relations  team  (or  equivalent)?  If  not,  who  performs this role?  The Company does not have an internal investor relations team. The Company's CEO  and CFO performs the role of investor relations.  (c)  How does the Company keep  shareholders  informed  of  corporate developments, apart  from SGXNET announcements  and the annual report?  Apart from the SGXNET announcements and its annual report, the Company updates  shareholders  on  its  corporate  developments  through  its  corporate  website  and  its  investor relations webpage at www.quantumhealthcare.com.sg.  MANAGING STAKEHOLDERS RELATIONSHIP  Engagement with Stakeholders  13.1  13.2  13.3  The  Company  undertakes  an  annual  review  in  identifying  its  material  stakeholders  through various medium and channels to understand their needs and expectations, and  to  address  their  concerns  so  as  to  improve  product  standards,  as  well  as  to  align  the  business interest with those of the stakeholders and ultimately to generate sustainable  value  in  the  long-run.  It  assesses  the  material  environmental,  social  and  governance  factors that affects the Group.  Please  refer  to  the  Company's  latest  sustainability  report  set  out  on  pages  12  to  27 of this  Annual  Report  for  the  assessment  process  and  how  such  relationships  with  stakeholders are managed.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE CATALIST RULES  Catalist  Rule  Rule Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  712, 715  Appointment of Auditors  The Company confirms its compliance to the Catalist Rules 712 and 715.  1204(8)  Material Contracts  There were no material contracts entered into by the Group involving the interest of the  CEO, any Director, or controlling shareholder, which are either still subsisting at the end of  FY2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year.  1204(10)  Confirmation  of  adequacy  of  internal controls  The Board and the AC are of the opinion that the internal  controls  are  adequate  to  address  the  financial,  operational  and  compliance  and  information  technology  risks  which  the  Group  considers  relevant  and  material  to  its  current  business  scope  and  environment for FY2022 based on the following:  •  internal controls and the risk management system established by the Company;  •  work performed by the internal and external auditors;  •  assurances from the CEO and CFO; and  •  reviews done by the various Board Committees and key management personnel.  1204(17)  Interested  Persons  Transaction  ('  IPT  ')  The  Group  has  procedures  governing  all  IPTs  to  ensure  that  they  are  properly  documented and reported on a timely manner to the AC and that they are carried out  on normal commercial terms and are not prejudicial to the interests of the Company and  its minority shareholders.  In  FY2022,  there  were  no  other  interested  person  transactions  which  were  S$100,000  and above entered into during the current financial period reported on.  1204(19)  Dealing in Securities  The Company has adopted an internal policy which prohibits the Directors and officers  from  dealing  in  the  securities  of  the  Company  while  in  possession  of  price-sensitive  information.  The  Company,  its  Directors  and  officers  are  also  discouraged  from  dealing  in  the  Company's  securities  on  short  term  considerations  and  are  prohibited  from  dealing  in  the  Company's  securities  during  the  period  beginning  two  weeks  before  the  announcement of the Company's quarterly financial statements and one month before  the  announcement  of  the  Company's  full-year  financial  statements  respectively,  and  ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results.  1204(21)  Non-sponsor fees  The total  amount of non-sponsor fees paid to the Company's sponsor, PrimePartners  Corporate Finance Pte. Ltd for FY2022 was S$50,000.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Catalist  Rule  Rule Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  1204(22)  Use of Proceeds  Share subscription  On  25  May  2021,  the  Company  announced  that  it  had  entered  into  a  subscription  agreement with  three  investors  to  subscribe  for  an  aggregate  of  4,055,555,556  new  shares in the capital of the Company at an issue price of S$0.0018 per share amounting  to  a  total  cash  consideration  of  S$7.3  million  ('  January  2022  Subscription  Gross  Proceeds  ')  subject  to  the  satisfaction  of  the  terms  and  conditions  in  the  subscription  agreement.  On  13  January  2022,  the  Company  announced  the  completion  of  the  proposed share subscription.  As at the date of this annual report, the utilisation of the gross proceeds are as follows :  Allocation of  January 2022  Subscription  Gross Proceeds  S$'000  Re-allocation  amount (2)  S$'000  Amount  utilised  S$'000  Balance  S$'000  General working  capital purposes (1)  4,300  (1,233)  (3,067)*  -  Partial payment to  Dr Jimmy Gian for  the first instalment  of the Earn-Out  Amount in relation  to the Proposed  Acquisition (2)  -  1,233  (1,233)  -  Partial financing of  the acquisition of  dental group  3,000  -  (3,000)  -  Total  7,300  -  (7,300)  -  *Includes  estimated  expenses  of  S$1.1  million  in  relation  to  the  acquisition  of  Asia  Dental Group Pte Ltd. and its subsidiaries and the share subscription as announced in  the Company's circular dated 24 December 2021.  (1)   A breakdown on the January 2022 Subscription Gross Proceeds utilised for general  working capital purposes is as follows:  Balance  S$'000  Payment of salaries and wages  654  Payment to suppliers  1,653  Repayment of loan  760  Total  3,067   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

| Catalist  Rule  Rule Description  Company's Compliance or Explanation  1204(22)  Use of Proceeds  Share Placement  On  28  March  2023,  the  Company  announced  the  completion  of  the  placement  of  571,428,600 new ordinary shares of the Company at the issue price of S$0.0035 per  share, which shall take place on 29 March 2023.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  utilisation  of  the  net  proceeds  from  the  placement of S$1.9 million ('  March 2023 Placement Net Proceeds  ') are as follow:  Allocation of  March 2023  Placement Net  Proceeds  S$'000  Amount  utilised  S$'000  Balance  S$'000  General working capital purposes  (1)  1,920*  675  1,245  *excluding expenses of approximately S$80,000 (including listing and application fees,  the placement commission payable to the Placement Agent, professional fees and other  miscellaneous expenses).  A breakdown on the March 2023 Placement Net Proceeds utilised for general working  capital purposes is as follows:  S$'000  Payment of salaries and wages  148  Payment to professional fees  305  Repayment of loan  157  Operating costs  65  Total  675  The above utilisation is in  accordance with the intended use of proceeds as stated in  the  Company's  circular  dated  11  March  2023.  The  Company  will  continue  to  make  periodic announcements via SGXNET on the utilisation of the balance of the March 2023  Placement Net Proceeds as and when such proceeds are materially disbursed.  Practice  Note 7F  Update on Sustainability Report  The Group recognises the importance of sustainability that creates long-term value to  our  stakeholders  by  embracing  opportunities  and  managing  risks  derived  from  social  developments  and  governance.    The  Group  is  committed  towards  implementing  sustainable  practices  in  order  to  achieve  the  right  balance  between  the  needs  of  the  wider community and the requirements of stakeholders and business growth.  The  Company's  sixth  sustainability  report  has  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  Global  Reporting  Initiative  Standards  and  in  line  with  the  requirements  of  the  Catalist  Rules  on  sustainability  reporting.    The  report  will  highlight  the  key  factors  such  as  product  quality,  business  ethics  and  regulatory  compliance.  The  Company's  Sustainability Report is set out on pages 12 to 27 of this Annual Report.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

The directors present their statement to the members of Quantum Healthcare Limited (the 'Company') together  with  the  audited  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group') for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

In the opinion of the directors:

- (a) the  consolidated financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  the  statement  of  financial  position  of  the Company are properly drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group for the year then ended; and
- (b) at  the  date  of  this  statement,  there  are  reasonable  grounds  to  believe  that  the  Group  and  the Company will be able to pay the debts as and when they fall due. The financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, after taking into consideration the factors as disclosed in Note 3(b) to the financial statements.

## 1 Directors

The directors of the Company in office at the date of this statement are:

| Ng Fook Ai Victor  Independent Director and Chairman of the Board (Appointed on 30 May 2022)  Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer (Appointed on 30 May 2022)  Sho Kian Hin  Independent Director (Appointed on 30 May 2022)  Ng Boon Eng  Independent Director (Appointed on 30 May 2022)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2 Arrangements to Enable Directors to Acquire Shares or Debentures

Neither at the end of nor at any time during the financial year was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects is, to enable the directors of the Company to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate body, except as disclosed in Note 4 of this statement.

## STATEMENT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Directors' Interests in Shares or Debentures

According to the register of directors' shareholdings kept by the Company under section 164 of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act'), the directors of the Company who held office at the end of the financial year had no interests in the shares or debentures of the Company and its related corporations except as stated below.

| Direct interest  Deemed interest  Name of directors  At the date of  incorporation*  /date of  appointment  At the  end of  the year  At the  beginning  of the year  At the  end of  the year  The Company  Number of ordinary shares  Ng Fook Ai Victor  -  2,000,000  -  -  Thomas Tan Gim Chua  -  1,671,296,804  -  27,424,658 **  Sho Kian Hin  -  60  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Company was incorporated on 30 May 2022.

** Thomas Tan Gim Chua is deemed to be interested in 27,424,658 shares ('the shares') held in Emerald Apex Pte. Ltd. and MDIE Pte. Ltd. pursuant to Section 7 of Companies Act 1967, as he has entered into an sale and purchase agreement with Emerald Apex Pte. Ltd. and MDIE Pte. Ltd to purchase the shares. The shares have yet to be transferred pending payment and processing of the transfer.

There was no change in any of the above-mentioned interests between the end of the financial year and 21 January 2023.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no directors who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in  shares  or  debentures  of  the  Company  and  its  related  corporations,  either  at  the beginning of the financial year, or at the date of appointment, if later, or at the end of the financial year.

## 4 Share Options and Share Awards

## Share option programme

In  September  2005  ('2005  Stock  Plan'),  November  2010  ('2010  Stock  Plan')  and  September 2013 ('2013 Stock Plan'), QT Vascular Ltd. ('QTV') had established share option plans that entitle certain  employees, directors and consultants to purchase ordinary shares in QTV. Further, in April 2014, QTV adopted the 2014 QTV Employee Share Option Scheme ('2014 Stock Plan') which had become effective upon the listing of QTV on the Catalist of the SGX-ST in April 2014.

As  part  of  the  corporate  restructuring  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(a)  to  the  financial  statements,  all liabilities  and  obligations  in  connection  with  the  outstanding  share  options  ('Options')  granted under  QTV's  2005,  2010,  2013  and  2014  Stock  Plans  (collectively,  the  'Option  Schemes')  are assumed by the Company ('Options Variation'). The Options Variation do not involve any changes made to the terms of the share options granted or the rules of the Option Schemes except the outstanding Options will be exercisable into shares of the Company.

## 4 Share Options and Share Awards (cont'd)

## Share option programme (cont'd)

As at 31 December 2022, the Option Schemes have 21 Optionholders with 12,186,536 outstanding Options, the details of which are set out in Note 26 to the financial statements.

The Company does not intend to issue additional Options under the Option Schemes.

As  at  31  December  2022,  no  directors  who  held  office  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year  have outstanding options under the Option Schemes.

## Restricted share awards

The QT Vascular Restricted Share Plan 2015 ('Award Scheme') was adopted to allow QTV to grant share awards ('Awards') to employees and directors of the Company or its subsidiaries, including controlling shareholders and their associates.

As  part  of  the  corporate  restructuring  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(a)  to  the  financial  statements,  all liabilities  and  obligations  in  connection  with  the  outstanding  Awards  granted  under  the  Award Scheme are assumed by the Company ('Awards Variation'). The Awards Variation do not involve any changes made to the terms of the Awards granted or the rules of the Award Scheme except the outstanding Awards shall be reference to shares of the Company.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Award  Scheme  has  6  share  awards  holders  with  an  aggregate  of 1,241,544 outstanding Awards the details of which are set out in Note 26 to the financial statements. The Company does not intend to grant additional Awards under the Award Scheme.

As  at  31  December  2022,  other  than  Sho  Kian  Hin  who  has  331,631  outstanding  Awards,  no directors who held office at the end of the financial year have outstanding Awards under the Award Scheme.

Except as disclosed above,

## Options Granted

During the financial year, there were no share options granted to subscribe for unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group.

## Options Exercised

During the financial year, there were no shares issued by virtue of the exercise of options to take up unissued shares of the Company or any corporation in the Group.

## Options Outstanding

As  at  the  end  of  the  financial  year,  there  were  no  unissued  shares  of  the  Company  or  any corporation in the Group under option.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## STATEMENT

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 5 Audit Committee

The  Audit  Committee  ('AC')  comprises  the  following  independent  directors  at  the  date  of  this statement:

Sho Kian Hin (Chairman) Ng Boon Eng Ng Fook Ai Victor

The AC carried out its functions in accordance with Section 201B(5) of the Act, the SGX-ST Listing Manual and the Code of Corporate Governance and assists the Board of Directors of the Company (the  'Board')  in  the  execution  of  its  corporate  governance  responsibilities  within  its  established terms of reference.

The duties of the AC, amongst other things, include:

- (a) review the audit plans of the internal and external auditors of the Company, and review the internal  auditors'  evaluation  of  the  adequacy  of  the  Group's/Company's  system  of  internal accounting controls and the assistance given by the Group's/Company's management to the external and internal auditors;
- (b) review the quarterly announcement of financial statements and annual financial statements and the auditors' report on the annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries before their submission to the Board;
- (c) review  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's/Company's  material  internal  controls,  including financial,  operational, compliance and information technology controls and risk management via reviews carried out by the internal auditors;
- (d) meet with the external and internal auditors, other committees, and management in separate executive  sessions  to  discuss  any  matters  that  these  groups  believe  should  be  discussed privately with the AC;
- (e) review  legal  and  regulatory  matters  that  may  have  a  material  impact  on  the  financial statements,  related  compliance  policies  and  programs  and  any  reports  received  from regulators;
- (f) review the cost effectiveness and the independence and objectivity of the external auditors;
- (g) review the nature and extent of non-audit services provided by the external auditors;
- (h) recommend to the Board the external auditors to be nominated, approve the compensation of the external auditors and review the scope and results of the audit;
- (i) report  actions  and  minutes  of  the  AC  to  the  Board  with  such  recommendations  as  the  AC considers appropriate;
- (j) review  interested  person  transactions  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  of  the  SGX-ST Listing Manual; and
- (k) undertake such other functions and duties as may be agreed to by the AC and the Board.

## 5 Audit Committee (cont'd)

The  AC  is  satisfied  with  the  independence  and  objectivity  of  the  external  auditors  and  has recommended to the Board of Directors that the auditors, Moore Stephens LLP, be nominated for re-appointment as auditors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Further details regarding the AC are disclosed in the Report on Corporate Governance included in the Company's Annual Report.

## 6 Independent Auditors

The  independent  auditors,  Moore  Stephens  LLP,  have  expressed  their  willingness  to  accept  re- appointment as auditors.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

……………………………………

Ng Fook Ai Victor Director

……………………………………

Thomas Tan Gim Chua Director

Singapore 12 April 2023

<!-- image -->

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF QUANTUM HEALTHCARE LIMITED (INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE)

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Statements

## Disclaimer of Opinion

We were engaged to audit the financial statements of Quantum Healthcare Limited (the 'Company') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 'Group'), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position of  the  Group and the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated  statement  of  comprehensive  income,  consolidated  statement  of  changes  in  equity  and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

We do not express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of the Company. Because of the significance of the matters described in the 'Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion' section of our report, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial statements.

## Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion

## Consolidation of Trireme Medical LLC ('TriReme')

As  disclosed  in  Note  14(a)  to  the  financial  statements,  there  was  a  purported  dilution  in  the  Group's interest  in  TriReme  during  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022.  Management  is  seeking  more clarification  from  TriReme,  and  pending  resolution,  has  reserved  the  Company  rights  to  dispute  the said  dilution.  Notwithstanding  the  unresolved  dispute,  the  Group  continues  to  consolidate  TriReme  as  a subsidiary of the Group in the consolidated financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.  In  addition,  in  the  preparation  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements,  unaudited management accounts of TriReme have been used for this purpose.

We were unable to obtain sufficient appropriate evidence concerning the veracity of the aforesaid dilution in  the  Group's  interest  in  TriReme.  Consequently,  we  were  unable  to  ascertain  whether  the  continuing consolidation of TriReme as a subsidiary in the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is appropriate.

Further,  as  we  were  unable  to  access  the  accounting  records  of  Trireme,  we  were  unable  to  perform audit procedures, or alternative procedures, as auditors of the Company on the unaudited management accounts of TriReme for the purpose of providing an opinion on the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. The consolidated financial statements of the Group include other income, net loss, total assets and total liabilities of TriReme amounting to S$123,000, S$524,000, S$464,000 and S$588,000, respectively.

Consequently, we were unable to determine if the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the financial  year  ended 31 December 2022 were fairly stated. Any adjustments and/or additional disclosure that may be required to be made in relation to the unaudited management accounts of TriReme may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

## Going Concern Assumption

We draw attention to Note 3(b) to the financial statements, which indicates that, for the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Group incurred a net loss and a total comprehensive loss of S$8,633,000 and  S$8,153,000  (2021:  S$5,309,000  and  S$4,968,000),  respectively,  and  has  net  cash  flows  used  in operating activities  of  S$1,203,000  (2021:  S$1,304,000).    As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group's  current liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  by  S$1,447,000  (2021:  S$2,824,000)  and  the  Company's  current liabilities  exceeded  its  current  assets  by  S$6,355,000,  and  the  Group  and  Company  have  a  deficit  in shareholders' equity of S$1,920,000 (2021: S$2,548,000) and S$1,345,000 respectively, as at that date.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF QUANTUM HEALTHCARE LIMITED (INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE)

## Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion (cont'd)

## Going Concern Assumption (cont'd)

The  above  conditions  may  cast  a  significant  doubt  on  the  ability  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to discharge their liabilities in the normal course of business.

Notwithstanding the above, the financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis after taking into consideration the factors as disclosed in Note 3(b) to the financial statements. However, the validity of the going concern assumption used in the preparation of the financial statements is dependent on certain assumptions that are premised on future events, the outcome of which is inherently uncertain, and  the  successful  outcome  of  the  Group's  various  efforts  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(b)  to  the  financial statements.  Consequently,  we  were  unable  to  conclude  on  the  appropriateness  of  the  going  concern assumption used in the preparation of the financial statements.

If  the  going concern assumption is not appropriate and the Group and Company are unable to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future, the Group and Company may be unable to discharge their  liabilities  in  the  normal  course  of  business  and  adjustments  may  have  to  be  made  to  reflect  the situation that assets may need to be realised other than in the normal course of business and at amounts which could differ significantly from the amounts at which they are recorded in the statement of financial position.  In  addition,  the  Group  and  the  Company  may  have  to  provide  for  further  liabilities  that  might arise,  and  to  reclassify  non-current  assets  and  non-current  liabilities,  where  applicable,  as  current  assets and current liabilities respectively. No such adjustments have been made to these financial statements.

## Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Singapore Companies Act 1967 (the 'Act') and Singapore Financial Reporting  Standards  (International)  ('SFRS(I)s'),  and  for  devising  and  maintaining  a  system  of  internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from authorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In  preparing  the  financial  statements,  management  is  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's  ability  to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements

Our responsibility is to conduct an audit of the Group's financial statements in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing and to issue an auditor's report. However, because of the matters described in the ' Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion ' section of our report, we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an audit opinion on these financial statements.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority ('ACRA') Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities ('ACRA Code') together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

TO THE MEMBERS OF QUANTUM HEALTHCARE LIMITED (INCORPORATED IN SINGAPORE)

## Report on Other Legal and Regulatory Requirements

In view of the significant of the matter referred to in the ' Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion ' section of our report, we do not express an opinion on whether the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Mr Ng Chiou Gee Willy.

## Moore Stephens LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

Singapore 12 April 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Revenue  5  9,368  -  Cost of sales  (5,019)  -  Gross profit  4,349  -  Administrative expenses  (7,232)  (3,260)  Research and development expenses  (743)  -  Other income  6  207  566  Other expenses  -  (570)  Impairment loss on goodwill  12  (4,625)  -  Impairment loss on intangible assets  -  (1,973)  Finance costs  7  (472)  (72)  (Loss) before income tax  (8,516)  (5,309)  Income tax  8  (117)  -  (Loss) for the year  9  (8,633)  (5,309)  Other comprehensive income, net of tax:  Items that will be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translation  480  341  Total comprehensive (loss) for the year  (8,153)  (4,968)  (Loss) for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (8,541)  (5,277)  Non-controlling interests  (92)  (32)  (8,633)  (5,309)  Total comprehensive (loss) for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (8,061)  (4,936)  Non-controlling interests  (92)  (32)  (8,153)  (4,968)  Loss per share:  Basic and Diluted (cents per share)  10  (0.13)  (0.23)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  1.1.2021  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  (Restated)  ASSETS  Non-current Assets  Plant and equipment  11  827  -  -  -  Goodwill  12  4,120  -  -  -  Intangible assets  13  688  -  1,973  -  Investment in subsidiaries  14  -  -  -  7,573  Other investment  15  -  -  344  -  Right-of-use assets  22  2,295  493  55  -  Other non-current assets  16  45  49  127  -  7,975  542  2,499  7,573  Current Assets  Inventories  17  32  -  -  -  Trade and other receivables  18  1,707  30  792  7  Cash and bank balances  19  5,195  344  1,307  1,062  6,934  374  2,099  1,069  Total Assets  14,909  916  4,598  8,642  EQUITY AND LIABILITIES  Equity  Share capital  20(a)  234,230  235,188  233,371  234,230  Reserves  20(b)  8,690  4,790  5,210  (228,714)  Accumulated losses  (244,840)  (242,526)  (237,565)  (6,861)  Equity attributable to owners of the  Company  (1,920)  (2,548)  1,016  (1,345)  Non-controlling interests  14(g)  292  (43)  -  -  Total equity  (1,628)  (2,591)  1,016  (1,345)  Non-current Liabilities  Deferred tax liabilities  25  61  -  -  -  Lease liabilities  22  1,294  309  -  -  Loans and borrowings  23  4,238  -  -  -  Amount due to a non-controlling interest  24  2,563  -  -  2,563  8,156  309  -  2,563  Current Liabilities  Lease liabilities  22  1,001  203  61  -  Loans and borrowings  23  1,309  485  1,348  -  Amount due to a non-controlling interest  24  1,383  -  -  1,383  Trade and other payables  21(a)  4,477  2,510  2,173  6,041  Provision for reinstatement costs  21(b)  155  -  -  -  Provision for income tax  56  -  -  -  8,381  3,198  3,582  7,424  Total liabilities  16,537  3,507  3,582  9,987  Total equity and liabilities  14,909  916  4,598  8,642   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Ordinary  shares  Merger  reserve  Reserve  for own  shares  Translation  reserve  Share-  based  payment  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Attributable  to equity  holders of  the  Company  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  At 31 December 2021  235,188  (1,866)  (104)  (4,831)  11,591  (242,526)  (2,548)  (43)  (2,591)  Effect of change  in presentation  currency  (9,647)  -  6  3,327  87  6,227  -  -  -  At 1 January 2022  (Restated)  225,541  (1,866)  (98)  (1,504)  11,678  (236,299)  (2,548)  (43)  (2,591)  (Loss) for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (8,541)  (8,541)  (92)  (8,633)  Other comprehensive  income:  Exchange translation  differences  -  -  -  480  -  -  480  -  480  Total comprehensive  income/(loss) for the  year  -  -  -  480  -  (8,541)  (8,061)  (92)  (8,153)  Shares issued pursuant  to share placement  (Note 20(a))  7,300  -  -  -  -  -  7,300  -  7,300  Shares issued pursuant  to acquisition (Note  20(a))  1,389  -  -  -  -  -  1,389  -  1,389  Acquisition of partial  interest in a  subsidiary (Note  14(b))  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  427  427  At 31 December 2022  234,230  (1,866)  (98)  (1,024)  11,678  (244,840)  (1,920)  292  (1,628)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Ordinary  shares  Merger  reserve  Reserve  for own  shares  Translation  reserve  Share-  based  payment  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Attributable  to equity  holders of  the  Company  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  At 1 January 2021  (Restated)  233,371  (1,866)  (104)  (5,172)  12,352  (237,565)  1,016  -  1,016  (Loss) for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (5,277)  (5,277)  (32)  (5,309)  Other comprehensive  income:  Exchange translation  differences  -  -  -  341  -  -  341  -  341  Total comprehensive  income/(loss) for the  year  -  -  -  341  -  (5,277)  (4,936)  (32)  (4,968)  Share-based payment  transactions  -  -  -  -  (761)  -  (761)  -  (761)  Shares issued pursuant  to exercise of share  option  197  -  -  -  -  -  197  -  197  Shares issued pursuant  to settlement of  loans and payables  1,620  -  -  -  -  -  1,620  -  1,620  Partial disposal of  interests in a  subsidiary to non-  controlling interests  -  -  -  -  -  316  316  (11)  305  At 31 December 2021  (Restated)  235,188  (1,866)  (104)  (4,831)  11,591  (242,526)  (2,548)  (43)  (2,591)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before income tax  (8,516)  (5,309)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of plant and equipment  101  -  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,004  246  Amortisation of intangible assets  229  -  Impairment loss on goodwill  4,625  -  Impairment loss on intangible assets  -  1,973  Share-based payment expense  -  (760)  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  -  135  Written off of other investment  -  344  Interest expense  472  34  Unrealised foreign exchange (gain)/loss  (4)  38  Operating cash flows before changes in working capital  (2,089)  (3,299)  Changes in working capital:  Inventories  (32)  -  Trade and other receivables  (475)  762  Other non-current assets  200  78  Trade and other payables  1,208  1,155  Cash used in operations  (1,188)  (1,304)  Income tax paid  (15)  -  Net cash (used in) operating activities  (1,203)  (1,304)  Cash flows from investing activities  Acquisition of plant and equipment  (926)  -  Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired  (2,726)  -  Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired  (1,257)  -  Net cash (used in) investing activities  (4,909)  -  Cash flows from financing activities  Proceeds from issue of ordinary shares  7,300  -  Proceeds from issuance of shares due to exercise of share options  -  197  Proceeds from non-controlling interests  -  81  Proceeds from loans and borrowings  5,990  363  Repayment of loans and borrowings  (1,309)  (59)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (1,021)  (261)  Net cash generated from financing activities  10,960  321  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  4,848  (983)  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of year  344  1,307  Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents  3  20  Cash and cash equivalents at the end of year  19  5,195  344   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

The reconciliation of movements of the liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities is presented below.

| Cash flows  Non-cash flows  1 January  Proceeds  Repayments  Additions  Interest  expense  Others  31  December  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Loans and  borrowings  485  5,990  (1,309)  250  131  -  5,547  Lease liabilities  512  -  (1,021)  2,665  135  4  2,295  2021  Loans and  borrowings  1,348  363  (59)  -  5  (1,172)  485  Lease liabilities  61  -  (261)  682  29  1  512   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements.

## 1 General Information

Quantum Healthcare Limited (the 'Company') is a public limited liability company incorporated and domiciled in Singapore and listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ('SGX-ST').

The address of the Company's registered office is 8 Temasek Boulevard, #42 Suntec Tower Three, Singapore 038988 and the principal place of business is at 136 Joo Seng Road, #03-01, Singapore 368360.

The principal activities of the Company are those of investment holding. The principal activities of the subsidiaries are set out in Note 14.

The financial statements were approved by the directors of the Company and authorised for issue on the date of the Directors' Statement.

## 2 Application of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s')

## (a) Adoption of New and Revised SFRS(I)s

The  accounting  policies  adopted  are  consistent  with  those  of  the  previous  financial  year except  that  in  the  current  financial  year,  the  Group  has  adopted  the  following  revised standards  that  are  relevant  to  the  Group  and  are  mandatorily  effective  for  an  accounting period that begins on or after 1 January 2022:

## Description

Amendments to SFRS(I) 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-16: Proceeds before Intended Use

Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-37: Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract

Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018-2020: Amendments to SFRS(I) 1, SFRS(I) 9, SFRS(I) 16

Amendment to SFRS(I) 16: COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021

The adoption of the revised standards listed above did not result in substantial changes to the Group's accounting policies and had no material effect on the amounts reported for the current or prior financial years.

## NOTES TO THE

## 2 Application of Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) ('SFRS(I)s') (cont'd)

## (b) New and Revised SFRS(I)s Issued but Not Yet Effective

At  the  date  of  authorisation  of  these  financial  statements,  the  Group  has  not  applied  the following revised standards that have been issued and are relevant to the Group but not yet effective:

| Description  Effective for  annual periods  beginning  on or after  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2:  Disclosure of  Accounting Policies  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8:  Definition of Accounting Estimates  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12:  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities  arising from a Single Transaction  1 January 2023  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-  current  1 January 2024  Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1:  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  1 January 2024  Amendments to SFRS(I) 16:  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback  1 January 2024   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors of the Company expect that the adoption of the revised standards listed above will  have no material impact on the financial statements of the Group in the period of initial application.

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies

## (a) Basis of Preparation

The consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position of  the  Company  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the  Singapore Companies  Act  1967  and  SFRS(I)s.  The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  the historical cost basis, except as disclosed in the accounting policies below.

## Corporate restructuring

The Group completed a corporate restructuring exercise during the financial year through which  the  Company  acquired  all  the  issued  and  paid-up  ordinary  shares  of  QT  Vascular Ltd.  (referred  to  herein  as  'QTV')  through  the  issuance  of  ordinary  shares  in  exchange  for QTV's ordinary shares. Consequently, the Company became the ultimate holding company of QTV and its subsidiaries (collectively, referred to herein as the 'QTV Group'). The Group resulting  from  the  corporate  restructuring  is  regarded  as  a  continuing  entity  throughout  the current  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  for  the  previous  financial  year  ended 31 December 2021 as the shareholders and management of the Group remain the same as those of QTV Group.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (a) Basis of Preparation (cont'd)

## Change in presentation currency

During  the  current  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022,  because  of  a  change  in underlying transactions, events and conditions relevant to the Group following the completion of  the  acquisition  of  ADG  Group  as  disclosed  in  Note  14(b),  the  Group  changed  the presentation  currency  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  from  United  States  Dollar ('US$') to Singapore Dollar ('S$').

The change in presentation currency has been applied retrospectively with the comparative figures restated using the following rates:

- assets  and  liabilities  of  all  corresponding  figures  presented  (including  the  opening balance from the beginning of the earliest period presented) were translated at the closing rates at the respective year end;
- profit  or  loss  items  of  all  corresponding  figures  presented  were  translated  at  the average exchange rate for the financial year approximating the exchange rates at the date of transactions;
- equity items of all corresponding figures presented were translated at their respective historical rates of exchange; and
- all resulting exchange differences were recognised in other comprehensive income.

## (b) Going Concern Assumption

For the financial  year  ended  31  December 2022, the Group incurred a net loss and a total comprehensive loss of S$8,633,000 and S$8,153,000 (2021: S$5,309,000 and S$4,968,000), respectively,  and  has  net  cash  flows  used  in  operating  activities  of  S$1,203,000  (2021: S$1,304,000).  As at 31 December 2022, the Group's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by S$1,447,000 (2021: S$2,824,000) and the Company's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by S$6,355,000, and the Group and Company have a deficit in shareholders' equity of S$1,920,000 (2021: S$2,548,000) and S$1,345,000 respectively, as at that date.

The  above  conditions  may  cast  a  significant  doubt  on  the  ability  of  the  Group  and  the Company to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to discharge their liabilities in the normal course of business.

Notwithstanding the above, the directors of the Company believe that the use of the going concern assumption in the preparation and presentation of the financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is appropriate after taking into account the following considerations:

- (i) Management is of the view that the Group/Company will have sufficient working capital for  at  least  the  next  12  months  from  the  date  of  these  financial  statements  and  will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due based on a forecasted cash flow prepared;

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

- (b) Going Concern Assumption (cont'd)
- (ii) Management will continue to implement comprehensive cost-containment measures and does not expect the Group to have any significant operational commitments that will require significant cash outflow in the next 12 months;
- (iii) As  disclosed  in  Note  32(a),  following  the  receipt  of  the  Company  shareholders' approval at an extraordinary general meeting held on 27 March 2023 for a proposed share placement, the share placement has been completed on 28 March 2023 and the Company received a gross share placement proceeds of S$2.0 million which will be used for general working capital purposes of the Group;
- (iv) The Group has diversified into the healthcare business, primarily the provision of dental services,  which  are  profitable  and  generating  positive  cash  flows  for  the  Group.  The Group is also expanding its dental services with further acquisitions of dental clinics subsequent to the financial year end as disclosed in Note 32(b); and
- (v) Management is exploring further corporate actions involving expansion into the medical equipment  business  and  medical  &amp;  wellness  business  to  generate  new  sources  of revenue as part of the Group's diversification plan as disclosed in Notes 32(c) and 32(d).

Based on the forecasted cash flow prepared by management, the profitable dental services of  the  Group,  and  the  share  placement  proceeds  received  subsequent to the financial year end, the directors of the Company are of the view that the Group and the Company will have sufficient  cash  resources  to  satisfy  its  working  capital  requirements,  and  the  Group  and  the Company to continue in operational existence for the foreseeable future and to discharge their liabilities in the normal course of business.

## (c) Group Accounting

## Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries  are  all  entities  (including  structured  entities)  over  which  the  Group  has  control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its  involvement  with  the  entity  and  has  the  ability  to  affect  those  returns  through  its power over the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that control ceases.

The Company reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above. When the Company has less than a majority of the voting rights of an investee, it has power over the investee when the voting rights are sufficient to give it the practical ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee unilaterally.

Goodwill on acquisitions  of  subsidiaries  and  businesses,  represents  the  excess  of  the  sum of  the  consideration  transferred,  the  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  in  the  acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previously-held equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the fair value of the investee's identifiable net assets acquired. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is initially measured at cost. Following initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment loss. Gains and losses on the disposal of subsidiaries, include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the subsidiary sold.

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (c) Group Accounting (cont'd)

## Subsidiaries (cont'd)

The  Group  applies  the  acquisition  method  to  account  for  business  combinations  when the  acquired  set  of  activities  and  assets  meets  the  definition  of  a  business  and  control  is transferred  to  the  Group.  In  determining  whether  an  integrated  set  of  activities  and  assets is  a  business,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  set  of  assets  and  activities  acquired  includes, at  a  minimum, an input and substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create output. A business can exist without including all of the inputs and processes needed to create output. The Group has an option to apply a 'fair value concentration test' that  permits  a  simplified  assessment  of  whether  an  acquired  set  of  activities  and  assets  is not a business. The concentration test can be applied on a transaction-by-transaction basis. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. If  the  test  is  met,  the  set  of  activities  and  assets  is  determined  not  to  be  a  business  and  no further  assessment is needed. If the test is not met, or if the Group elects not to apply the test, a detailed assessment must be performed applying the normal requirements in SFRS(I) 3.

The  consideration  transferred  for  the  acquisition  of  a  subsidiary  is  the  fair  values  of  the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests  issued  by  the  Group.  The  consideration  transferred  includes  the  fair  value  of  any asset  or  liability  resulting  from  a  contingent  consideration  arrangement.  Identifiable  assets acquired  and  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  assumed  in  a  business  combination  are measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis, either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest's proportionate share of the recognised amounts of acquiree's identifiable net assets. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

If  the  business  combination  is  achieved  in  stages,  the  acquisition  date  carrying  value  of  the acquirer's  previously  held  equity  interest  in  the  acquiree  is  re-measured  to  fair  value  at  the acquisition date; any gains or losses arising from such re-measurement are recognised in profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the Group is recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration that is deemed to be an asset or liability is recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured, and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

If  the  total  of  consideration  transferred,  non-controlling  interest  recognised  and  previouslyheld interest measured is less than the fair value of the net assets of the subsidiary acquired as in the case of a bargain purchase, the difference is recognised directly in profit or loss.

Inter-company transactions,  balances  and  unrealised  gains  on  transactions  between  group companies  are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also  eliminated  unless  the  transaction provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  indicator  of  the  transferred  assets.  When  necessary, amounts reported by subsidiaries have been adjusted to conform with the Group's accounting policies.

## NOTES TO THE

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (c) Group Accounting (cont'd)

## Subsidiaries (cont'd)

Transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions - that is, as transactions with the owners in their capacity as owners. The difference between fair value of any consideration paid and the relevant share acquired of the carrying value of net assets of the subsidiary is recorded in equity. Gains or losses on disposals of interests in subsidiaries to non-controlling interests without loss of control are also recorded in equity.

When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it:

- derecognises the assets (including any goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary at their carrying amounts at the date when control is lost;
- derecognises  the  carrying  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  (including  any components of other comprehensive income attributable to them);
- recognises the fair value of the consideration received;
- recognises the fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at its fair value;
- re-classifies  the  Group's  share  of  components  previously  recognised  in  other comprehensive income to profit or loss or retained earnings, as appropriate; and
- recognises any resulting difference in profit or loss.

## (d) Investments in Subsidiaries

Investments  in  subsidiaries  are  carried  at  cost  less  accumulated  impairment  losses  in  the statement of financial position of the Company. On disposal of investments in subsidiaries, the difference between net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the investments are recognised in the profit or loss.

## (e) Foreign Currencies

## Functional and presentation currency

The individual financial statements of each entity in the Group are presented in the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates ('functional currency').

The Company's functional currency is Singapore Dollar ('S$'), which reflects the economic substance  of  the  underlying  events  and  circumstances  of  the  Company.  For  the  purposes of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  results  and  financial  position  of  each  entity  in the  Group  are  expressed  in  S$,  which  is  the  functional  currency  of  the  Company  and  the presentation currency for the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

All values are rounded to the nearest thousand (S$'000) except when otherwise indicated.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (e) Foreign Currencies (cont'd)

## Transactions and balances

In preparing the financial statements of each individual entity, transactions in currencies other than  the  entity's  functional  currency  ('foreign  currencies')  are  recognised  at  the  rates  of exchange prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Currency translation differences resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the closing rates at the reporting date are recognised in profit  or  loss.  However,  in  consolidated  financial  statements,  currency  translation  differences arising from borrowings in foreign currencies and other currency instruments designated and qualifying as net investment hedges and net investment in foreign operations, are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the translation reserve.

When a foreign operation is disposed of or any loan forming part of the net investment of the foreign operation is repaid, a proportionate share of the accumulated currency translation differences is reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

Non-monetary  items  carried  at  fair  value  that  are  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  are retranslated  at  the  rates  prevailing  at  the  date  when  the  fair  value  was  determined.  Nonmonetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

## Translation of Group entities' financial statements

The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a  hyperinflationary  economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:

- assets and liabilities are translated at the closing rate at the reporting date;
- income and expenses are translated  at  average  exchange  rates  (unless  the  average is  not  a  reasonable  approximation  of  the  cumulative  effect  of  the  rates  prevailing  on the  transaction  dates,  in  which  case  income  and  expenses  are  translated  using  the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions); and
- all  resulting  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  and accumulated in the translation reserve.

## (f) Revenue Recognition

Revenue is measured based on the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in  exchange for transferring  promised goods or services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties.

Revenue is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation by transferring a promised good or service to the customer, which is when the customer obtains control of the  good or service.  A  performance obligation may be satisfied at a point in time or over time. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount allocated to the satisfied performance obligation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (f) Revenue Recognition (cont'd)

## Dental service income

The Group provides dental service to customers.

Dental service income is recognised at a point in time and arising from rendering of dental services to individual patients that typically completes within the same day from the point of commencement of the process.

## Consultancy service income

Consultancy service fee income is recognised over time, arising from rendering of consultancy services to related companies.

## Sale of goods

The Group develops and manufactures advanced therapeutic solutions for the treatment of complex vascular disease.

Revenue  is  recognised  when  the  control  of  the  goods  has  transferred,  being  when  the goods are delivered to the customer, the customer has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the  customer's  acceptance of  the  products.  Delivery  occurs  when  the  products  have  been shipped to the specific location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customer, and either the customer has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions have lapsed, or the Group has the objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied. A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered, as this represents the point in time that the right to consideration is unconditional, because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

## Testing service income

The Group provides lot release testing service to customers.

Revenue is recognised over time, once lot release testing is completed. This is due to the short-term  nature  of  testing  services  which  typically  completes  within  two  weeks  from  the point of commencement of the process.

## (g) Government Grants

Grants from the government are recognised as a receivable at their fair value when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to them and that  the  grants  will  be  received.  Government  grants  receivable  are  recognised  as  income over  the  periods  necessary  to  match  them  with  the  related  costs  which  they  are  intended to  compensate, on a systematic basis. Government grants relating to expenses are shown separately under other income in profit or loss.

Government grants relating to assets are deducted against the carrying amount of the assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (h) Employee Benefits

## Defined contribution plans

Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed contributions into separate entities such as the Central Provident Fund on a mandatory, contractual  or  voluntary  basis.  The  Group  has  no  further  payment  obligations  once  the contributions have been paid.

Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans are recognised as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

## Short-term employee benefits

Short-term  employee  benefit  obligations  are  measured  on  an  undiscounted  basis  and  are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to  be  paid  under  short-term  cash  bonus  or  profit-sharing  plans  if  the  Group  has  a  present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

## Share-based payment transactions

The grant date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment awards granted to employees are  recognised  as  an  employee  expense  with  a  corresponding  increase  in  equity,  over the  period  that  the  employees  unconditionally  become  entitled  to  awards.  The  amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service and non-market performance conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is based on the number of awards that meet the related service and non-market performance conditions at the vesting date. For share-based payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the share-based payment is measured to reflect such conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.

## (i) Borrowing Costs

Borrowing  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of qualifying  assets,  which  are  assets  that  necessarily  take  a  substantial  period  of  time  to  get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the  assets  are  substantially  ready  for  their  intended  use  or  sale.  Borrowing  costs  consist  of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (j) Income Tax

Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

## Current tax

Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognised at the amount expected to be paid to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. The Group periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions, where appropriate, on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.

## Deferred tax

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  on  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit.

Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it  is  probable that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.

Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  associated  with investments  in  subsidiaries,  except  where  the  Group  is  able  to  control  the  reversal  of  the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred  tax  assets  arising  from  deductible  temporary  differences  associated  with  such investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in which the liability is settled or the asset realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow  from  the  manner  in  which  the  Group  expects,  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (j) Income Tax (cont'd)

## Deferred tax (cont'd)

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

The Group recognises a previously unrecognised deferred tax asset to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profit will allow the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## Current and deferred tax for the period

Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that  are  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in  equity,  in  which  case  the current  and  deferred  tax  are  also  recognised  in  other  comprehensive  income  or  directly  in equity respectively. Where the current and deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is taken into account in the accounting for the business combination.

## (k) Plant and Equipment

## Measurement

All  items  of  plant  and  equipment  are  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  depreciation  and accumulated impairment losses.

The cost includes its purchase price and any costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Dismantlement, removal or restoration costs are included as part of the cost if  the  obligation  for  dismantlement,  removal  or  restoration  is  incurred  as  a  consequence  of acquiring or using the plant and equipment.

## Depreciation

Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the depreciable amounts of the assets over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method.

The following useful lives are used in the calculation of depreciation:

| Dental machinery  10 years  Dental equipment and instrument  5 years  Renovation  3 years  Furniture, fixtures and office equipment  3 years  Computer, network and software  3 years  Machinery and equipment  3 years  Motor vehicles  5 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The carrying amounts of plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (k) Plant and Equipment (cont'd)

## Depreciation (cont'd)

The residual value, useful life and depreciation method are reviewed at each year end, with the effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis. The effects of any revision are recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise.

## Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent expenditure related to plant and equipment that has been recognised is added to  the  carrying  amount  of  the  asset  only  when  it  is  probable  that  future  economic  benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost can be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

## Disposal

An item of plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal.

The  gain  or  loss  arising  on  disposal  or  retirement  of  an  item  of  plant  and  equipment  is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

## (l) Goodwill

Goodwill is tested for impairment annually and whenever there is indication that the goodwill may be impaired.

For the purpose of impairment testing of goodwill, goodwill is allocated, from the acquisition date,  to  each  of  the  Group's  cash-generating-units  ('CGU')  or  groups  of  CGU,  that  are expected to benefit from synergies arising from the business combination.

An  impairment  loss1  is  recognised  when  the  carrying  amount  of  a  CGU,  including  the goodwill, exceeds the recoverable amount of the CGU. The recoverable amount of a CGU is the higher of the CGU's fair value less cost of disposal and value-in-use.

The total impairment loss of a CGU is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of goodwill allocated to the CGU and then to the other assets of the CGU pro-rata on the basis of the carrying amount of each asset in the CGU.

An  impairment  loss  on  goodwill  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  and  is  not  reversed  in  a subsequent period.

Where goodwill forms part of a cash-generating unit and part of the operation within that cash-generating unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is  included  in  the  carrying  amount  of  the  operation  when  determining  the  gain  or  loss  on disposal of the operation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (m) Intangible Assets

## Research and development

Expenditure on research activities, undertaken with the prospect of gaining new scientific or technical knowledge and understanding, is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Development activities involve a plan or design for the production of new or substantially improved  products  and  processes.  Development  expenditure  is  capitalised  only  if development  costs  can  be  measured  reliably,  the  product  or  process  is  technically  and commercially  feasible,  future  economic  benefits  are  probable,  and  the  Group  intends to  and  has  sufficient  resources  to  complete  development  and  to  use  or  sell  the  asset.  The expenditure capitalised includes the cost of materials, direct labour, overhead costs that are directly  attributable  to  preparing  the  asset  for  its  intended  use,  and  capitalised  borrowing costs. Other development expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Capitalised  development expenditure is carried at cost less  accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

## Customer relationship

Customer relationship acquired through business combination is measured at fair value at the date of acquisition.  Subsequently, customer relationship is carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.

## Other intangible assets

Other intangible assets that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are carried at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  accumulated impairment losses. These intangible assets include intellectual property and developed technology.

## Amortisation

Amortisation is calculated based on the cost of the intangible assets less their residual values.

Amortisation is recognised in profit or loss using the straight-line method over the estimated useful  lives  of  intangible  assets  from  the  date  that  they  are  available  for  use.  The  following useful lives are used in the calculation of amortisation:

| Intellectual property  5 years  Developed technology  15 years  Customer relationship  4 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Intangible  assets  with  finite  useful  lives  are  assessed  for  impairment  whenever  there  is  an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired.

Changes  in  the  expected  useful  life  or  the  expected  pattern  of  consumption  of  future economic  benefits  embodied  in  the  asset  is  accounted  for  by  changing  the  amortisation period or method, as appropriate, and are treated as changes in accounting estimates.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (m) Intangible Assets (cont'd)

## Subsequent expenditure

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it increases the future economic benefits embodied in the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

## Disposal

Gains  or  losses  arising  from  derecognition  of  an  intangible  asset  are  measured  as  the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the intangible asset and are recognised in profit or loss when the intangible asset is derecognised.

## (n) Impairment of Non-financial Assets Excluding Goodwill

Non-financial assets (including intangible assets with finite useful lives) other than goodwill are tested for impairment whenever there is any objective evidence or indication that these assets may be impaired.

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  nonfinancial assets to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any), on an individual asset.

Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates  the  recoverable  amount  of  the  cash-generating  unit  ('CGU')  to  which  the  asset belongs. Where a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be identified, corporate assets are also allocated to individual CGUs, or otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of CGUs for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be identified.

Recoverable  amount  is  the  higher  of  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  and  value  in  use.  In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

If  the  recoverable  amount  of  an  asset  (or  CGU)  is  estimated  to  be  less  than  its  carrying amount, the carrying  amount  of  the  asset  (or  CGU)  is  reduced  to  its  recoverable  amount. The difference  between the carrying  amount and recoverable amount is recognised as an impairment loss in profit or loss.

An  assessment  is  made  at  each  reporting  date  as  to  whether  there  is  any  indication  that previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is  increased  to  the  revised  estimate  of  its  recoverable  amount,  but  so  that  the  increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or CGU) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (o) Inventories

Inventories  are  stated  at  the  lower  of  cost  and  net  realisable  value.  Costs  comprise  direct materials  and,  where  applicable,  direct  labour  costs  and  those  overheads  that  have  been incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Cost is calculated using the FIFO method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price less all estimated costs of completion and costs to be incurred in marketing, selling and distribution. Where necessary, allowance for stock obsolescence is provided for damaged, obsolete and slow-moving items.

## (p) Financial Assets

## Classification

- i. Debt instruments

Financial  assets  that  are  debt  instruments  are  classified  into  categories  based  on the  Group's  business  model  for  managing  them  and  their  contractual  cash  flow characteristics.

- Financial  Assets  measured  at  Amortised  Cost  (AC)  comprise  of  assets  that are  held  within  a  business  model  whose  objective  is  to  hold  those  assets  for collection  of  contractual  cash  flows,  and  those  contractual  cash  flows  represent solely payments of principal and interest.
- Financial  Assets  measured at Fair  Value  through  Other  Comprehensive Income (FVOCI) comprise of assets that are held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling those assets, and those contractual cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest.
- Financial Assets measured at Fair Value through Profit and Loss (FVPL) comprise of  assets  that  do  not  qualify  for  AC  and  FVOCI.  Assets  that  would  otherwise qualify for AC or FVOCI may also be designated as FVPL upon initial recognition, if  such  designation  eliminates  or  significantly  reduces  a  measurement  or recognition inconsistency that arises from measuring assets and liabilities on an inconsistent basis.

## ii. Equity instruments

Financial  assets  that  are  equity  instruments  comprise  mainly  of  investments  in  equity securities.  The  Group  classifies  these  assets  as  FVPL,  except  for  those  that  the  Group has designated as FVOCI. The FVOCI designation is irrevocable, and is not permitted for  held-for-trading  financial  assets  and  financial  assets  that  represent  contingent consideration in a business combination.

A financial asset is held for trading if:

- it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling it in the near term; or
- on initial  recognition  it  is  part  of  a  portfolio  of  identified  financial  instruments that the Group manages together and has evidence of a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or
- it is a derivative (except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (p) Financial Assets (cont'd)

## Initial measurement

Trade  receivables  that  do  not  contain  a  significant  financing  component  are  initially recognised at their transaction price. Other financial assets are initially recognised at fair value, plus, for financial assets that are not at FVPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to their acquisition. Transaction costs of financial assets at FVPL are expensed in profit and loss.

## Subsequent measurement

- i. Debt instruments

## AC

These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method unless they are part of a designated hedging relationship. Impairment losses and reversals, interest  income,  and  foreign  exchange  gains  and  losses  (except  where designated as a hedging instrument) on such assets are recognised in profit and loss. Interest  income  is  based  on  the  effective  interest  method  which  allocates  interest income  over  the  life  of  the  financial  asset  based  on  an  effective  interest  rate  that discounts estimated future cash receipts to its gross carrying amount.

## FVOCI

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Impairment losses and reversals, interest  income  based  on  the  effective  interest  method,  and  foreign  exchange  gains and  losses  (except  where  designated  as  a  hedging  instrument)  on  such  assets  are recognised in profit and loss. Any remaining fair value movements are recorded in other comprehensive income.

## FVPL

These  assets  are  subsequently  measured  at  fair  value.  All  fair  value  movements  are recorded in profit and loss.

- ii. Equity instruments

Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  all  equity  investments  are  measured  at  fair  value. Changes in the fair value of FVPL equity investments are recognised in profit and loss, while  changes in  the  fair  value  of  FVOCI  equity  investments  are  recognised  in  other comprehensive income. All dividend income is recognised in profit and loss, except for dividends from FVOCI equity investments that clearly represent a recovery of the cost of investment.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (p) Financial Assets (cont'd)

## Impairment

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  expected  credit  losses  (ECL)  on  the  following financial instruments:

- Financial assets that are debt instruments measured at AC and FVOCI;
- Contract assets; and
- Financial guarantee contracts.

ECL is  a  probability-weighted  estimate  of  credit  losses.  Credit  losses  are  measured  at  the present value of all shortfalls  between the cash flows due to the Group in accordance with contractual  terms,  and  the  cash  flows  that  the  Group  actually  expects  to  receive.  ECL  is discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset. The Group records allowances on financial assets based on either the:

- 12-month ECL - representing the ECL that results from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or the expected life of the instrument if shorter); or
- Lifetime ECL - representing the ECL that results from all possible default events over the expected life of the contract.

## Simplified approach - Trade receivables

For all  trade  receivables,  the  Group  adopts  a  simplified  approach  whereby  an  allowance for lifetime  ECL  is  assessed  upon  initial  recognition.  The  Group  estimates  lifetime  ECL  using  a provision  matrix  based  on  historical  credit  loss  experience,  adjusted  for  various  factors including debtor-specific factors, forward-looking information such as industry and economic forecasts, and others as appropriate.

## General approach - All other financial instruments on which ECL assessment is required

For all other financial instruments on which ECL is assessed, an allowance for 12-month ECL is  recorded  upon initial  recognition.  The  allowance  is  increased  to  lifetime  ECL  if  the  credit risk at each reporting date has increased significantly as compared to the credit risk at initial recognition.  In  assessing  whether  the  credit  risk  of  a  financial  instrument  has  increased significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  considers  all  reasonable  and  supportable information that is relevant and available without undue cost or effort including both historical credit experience and forward-looking information.

The Group regards the following as events of default:

- events  that  make  it  unlikely  for  the  borrower  to  repay  in  full  unless  the  Group undertakes  actions  to  recover  the  asset  (e.g.  by  exercising  rights  over  collaterals  or other credit enhancements); or
- the financial instrument has become overdue for more than 12 months.

## NOTES TO THE

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

- (p) Financial Assets (cont'd)

## Impairment (cont'd)

## Credit-impaired financial instruments

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  a  financial  instrument  on  which  ECL assessment is required has become credit-impaired. This is the case when one or more events have occurred that are considered to be detrimental to the estimated future cash flows of the instrument. Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

- significant financial difficulty of the borrower;
- a breach of contract such as a default or past due event;
- other lenders granting concessions (such as loan restructurings) to the borrower due to economic or contractual reasons, that would not have been considered in the absence of the borrower's financial difficulty;
- increasing  likelihood  that  the  borrower  will  enter  bankruptcy  or  other  financial  reorganisation; and
- the  disappearance  of  an  active  market  for  the  borrower's  securities  due  to  financial difficulties.

For credit-impaired financial assets, interest income is determined by applying the effective interest  rate  to  the  net  carrying  amount  of  the  financial  asset  (after  deduction  of  the  ECL allowance).

## Write-off policy

The  Group  writes  off  a  financial  asset  when  there  is  information  indicating  that  the counterparty is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, such as when the counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the  Group's  recovery  procedures,  taking  into  account  legal  advice  where  appropriate.  Any recoveries made are recognised in the profit and loss.

## Recognition and derecognition

Financial  assets  are  recognised  when,  and  only  when  the  Group  becomes  a  party  to  its contractual provisions. All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, which is the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the financial asset.

The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to another party. If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  and  continues  to  control  the  transferred asset,  the  Group  recognises  its  retained  interest  in  the  asset  and  an  associated  liability  for amounts it may have to pay. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (p) Financial Assets (cont'd)

## Recognition and derecognition (cont'd)

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  asset  that  is  a  debt  instrument,  the  difference  between the  asset's  carrying  amount  and  the  sum  of  the  consideration  received  and  receivable  is recognised in profit  and  loss.  In  addition,  for  a  financial  asset  that  is  a  debt  instrument  at FVOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the fair value adjustment reserve is reclassified to profit and loss.

On derecognition of an equity investment at FVPL, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit and loss. For equity investments at FVOCI, this difference is instead recognised directly in equity as part of retained earnings. Cumulative gains and losses previously accumulated in equity are also transferred directly to retained earnings upon derecognition of FVOCI equity investments.

## (q) Cash and Cash Equivalents

For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents include bank balances and short-term deposits pledged with financial institutions, which are subjected to an insignificant risk of change in value, and are used by the Group in the management of its short-term commitments.

## (r) Financial Liabilities

## Financial liabilities

The Group recognises financial liabilities on its statement of financial position when, and only when, the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial liabilities  are  recognised initially at fair value plus transaction costs that are directly attributable  to  the  acquisition  or  issue  of  the  financial  liability.  All  financial  liabilities  are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Borrowings are initially  recognised  at  fair  value  (net  of  transaction  costs)  and  subsequently carried at amortised cost. Any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest method. Borrowings are presented as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least twelve months after the reporting period.

## Financial liabilities at FVPL

Financial  liability  that  is  a  contingent  consideration  of  an  acquirer  in  a  business  combination to which SFRS(I) 3 applies is classified as financial liabilities at FVPL. Financial liabilities at FVPL are stated at fair value, with any gains or losses arising on remeasurement recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (r) Financial Liabilities (cont'd)

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

The Group derecognises financial liabilities  when,  and  only  when,  the  Group's  obligations are discharged, cancelled or they have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of  a  financial  liability  that  has  been  derecognised  and  the  consideration  paid  and  payable (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.

## (s) Offsetting of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  offset  and  the  net  amount  is  presented  in  the statement of financial position,  when and only when, there is a currently enforceable legal right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the financial assets and settle the financial liabilities simultaneously.

## (t) Leases

## When the Group is the lessee

At  the  inception  of  the  contract,  the  Group  assesses  if  the  contract  contains  a  lease.  A contract contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Reassessment is only required when the terms and conditions of the contract are changed.

The Group recognises right-of-use assets and lease liabilities at the date which the underlying assets  become available for use. Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, which comprises the initial measurement of lease liabilities adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement dates, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of restoration costs,  less  any  lease  incentives  received.  Any  initial  direct  costs  that  would  not  have  been incurred if the lease had not been obtained are added to the carrying amount of the right-ofuse assets.

Right-of-use  assets  are  subsequently  depreciated  using  the  straight-line  method  from  the commencement dates to the earlier of the end of the useful lives of the right-of-use assets or the end of the lease terms. The estimated useful lives of right-of-use assets are determined to  be  between 1 to 3 years. In addition, the right-of-use assets are periodically reduced by impairment  losses,  if  any,  and  adjusted  for  certain  remeasurements  of  the  corresponding lease liabilities. The Group presents its right-of-use assets (except for those which meets the definition  of  an  investment  property)  in  'Right-of-use  assets'  and  lease  liabilities  in  'Lease liabilities' in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The  initial  measurement  of  lease  liabilities  is  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  lease payments discounted using the implicit rate in the lease, if the rate can be readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (t) Leases (cont'd)

When the Group is the lessee (cont'd)

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed  payments),  less  any  lease  incentives receivables;
- variable lease payments that are based on an index or rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees
- the exercise price of a purchase option if it is reasonably certain to exercise the option; and
- payment of penalties  for  terminating  the  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group exercising that option.

For  contracts  that  contain  both  lease  and  non-lease  components,  the  Group  allocates  the consideration to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease  and  non-lease  components.  The  Group  has  elected  not  to  separate  lease  and  nonlease  components for property leases; instead, these are accounted for as one single lease component.

Lease liabilities are measured at amortised cost, and are remeasured when:

- there is a change in future lease payments arising from changes in an index or rate;
- there is a change in the Group's assessment of whether it will exercise lease extension and termination options;
- there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; or
- there is a modification to the lease term.

When lease liabilities are remeasured, corresponding adjustments are made against the rightof-use assets. If  the  carrying  amounts  of  the  right-of-use  assets  have  been  reduced  to  zero, the adjustments are recorded in profit or loss.

Variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate are included in the measurement of  the  corresponding right-of-use assets and lease liabilities.  Other  variable  lease  payments are recognised in profit or loss when incurred.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The  Group  applies  the  exemption  for  all  short-term  leases  (up  to  12  months)  and  lowvalue assets on a lease-by-lease basis. All lease payments associated with these leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (u) Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle the obligation, and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

The amount recognised as a provision is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding the obligation. Where a provision is measured using the cash flows  estimated to settle the present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (when the effect of the time value of money is material).

When some or all of the economic benefits required to settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, a receivable is recognised as an asset if it is virtually certain that reimbursement will be received and the amount of the receivable can be measured reliably.

## (v) Financial Guarantees

## Financial guarantees in the separate financial statements

The  Company  has  issued  corporate  guarantees  to  a  bank  for  bank  borrowings  of  its subsidiary.  These  guarantees  are  financial  guarantees  as  they  require  the  Company  to reimburse the bank if the subsidiary fails to make principal or interest payments when due in accordance with the terms of the bank borrowings. Intra-group transactions are eliminated on consolidation.

Financial  guarantees  are  measured  initially  at  their  fair  values  plus  transaction  costs  and subsequently measured at the higher of:

- the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, cumulative amount of income recognised in accordance with the principles of SFRS(I) 15; and
- the  amount  of  loss  allowance  determined  in  accordance  with  expected  credit  loss model under SFRS(I) 9.

## (w) Share Capital

## Ordinary shares

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new ordinary shares are charged to equity.

## Repurchase, disposal and reissue of share capital (treasury shares)

When share capital  recognised  as  equity  is  repurchased,  the  amount  of  the  consideration paid,  which  includes  directly  attributable  costs,  net  of  any  tax  effects,  is  recognised  as  a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified as treasury shares and are presented in the reserve for own share account. When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is presented in other reserve.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

## (w) Share Capital (cont'd)

Distribution of non-cash assets to owners of the Company

The Group measures a liability to distribute non-cash assets as a dividend to the owners of the  Company at the fair value of the assets to be distributed. The carrying amount of the dividend is remeasured at each reporting date and at the settlement date, with any changes recognised directly in equity as adjustments to the amount of the distribution. On settlement of the transaction, the Group recognises the difference, if any, between the carrying amount of the assets distributed and the carrying amount of the liability in profit or loss.

- (x) Dividends to Company's Shareholders

Dividends to the Company's shareholders are recognised when the dividends are approved for payment.

## (y) Segment Reporting

Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to  the  executive  management whose members are responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments.

## (z) Related Parties

A related party is defined as follows:

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the entity that is preparing its financial statements (in this Standard referred to as the 'reporting entity').

- a. A person or a close member of that person's family is related to a reporting entity if that person:
- i. has control or joint control over the reporting entity;
- ii. has significant influence over the reporting entity; or
- iii. is  a  member  of  the  key  management  personnel of the reporting entity or of a parent of the reporting entity.
- b. An entity is related to a reporting entity if any of the following conditions applies:
- i. the entity and the reporting entity are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others);
- ii. one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member);
- iii. both entities are joint ventures of the same third party;
- iv. one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- v. the  entity  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  for  the  benefit  of  employees of  either  the  reporting  entity  or  an  entity  related  to  the  reporting  entity.  If  the reporting entity is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the reporting entity;
- vi. the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3 Significant Accounting Policies (cont'd)

- (z) Related Parties (cont'd)
- b. An  entity  is  related  to  a  reporting  entity  if  any  of  the  following  conditions  applies: (cont'd)
- vii. a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); or
- viii. the  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key management personnel services to the reporting entity or to the parent of the reporting entity.

## 4 Critical Accounting Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty

In  the  application  of  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  which  are  described  in  Note  3  above,  the directors are required to make judgements, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  not  readily  apparent  from  other  sources.  The  estimates  and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The  estimates  and  underlying  assumptions  are  reviewed  on  an  ongoing  basis.  Revisions  to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

- (a) Critical judgements in applying the accounting policies

Other than the going concern assumption as disclosed in Note 3(b), management is of the opinion that in the preparation of the financial statements there were no critical judgements made in the process of applying the Group's accounting policies that have a significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

- (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty

## Loss allowance for trade receivables

The Group measures the loss allowance for trade receivables at an amount equal to lifetime expected  credit  losses  ('ECLs').  The  ECLs  on  trade  receivables  are  estimated  using  a provision  matrix  which  involves  grouping  receivables  based  on  characteristics  which  have historically  influenced  asset  recoverability,  such  as  credit  ratings,  customer-industry  group and customer geography, and applying a historic provision rate which is based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns. In devising such  a  provision  matrix,  the  Group  uses  its  historical  credit  loss  experience  with  forwardlooking information (adjusted as necessary to reflect current conditions and forecast economic conditions) to estimate the lifetime expected credit losses on the trade receivables. At every reporting  date,  the  historical  default  rates  are  updated  and  the  impact  of  forward-looking information is re-analysed.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4 Critical Accounting Judgements and Key Sources of Estimation Uncertainty (cont'd)

## (b) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (cont'd)

## Loss allowance for trade receivables (cont'd)

The  assessment  of  the  correlation  between  historical  observed  default  rates,  forecast economic  conditions  and  ECLs  is  a  significant  estimate.  The  amount  of  ECLs  is  sensitive to  changes  in  circumstances  and  of  forecast  economic  conditions.  The  Group's  historical credit  loss  experience  and  forecast  of  economic  conditions  may  also  not  be  representative of  customer's actual default in the future. Information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables are set out in Note 30(a).

The carrying amount of the Group's trade receivables at the reporting date is disclosed in Note 18.

## Impairment of goodwill

Determining whether goodwill is impaired requires an estimation of the value in use ('VIU') of the cash-generating units ('CGUs') to which goodwill has been allocated. The VIU calculations require the estimation of future cash flows that are expected to arise from the CGUs, discount rates and other variables. The key assumptions used in the estimation of the VIU including the sensitivity analysis are disclosed in Note 12.

The  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's  goodwill  and  the  impairment  loss  recognised  at  the reporting date are disclosed in Note 12.

## Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

Management reviews the Company's investment in subsidiaries  at  each  reporting  date  to determine whether there is any indication that the investment may be impaired. If any such indication  exists,  an  impairment  assessment  will  be  performed  accordingly.  The  recoverable amount of the investment is determined based on the value in use ('VIU') of the relevant cash-generating  unit  ('CGU').  The  VIU  calculations  require  the  estimation  of  future  cash flows that are expected to arise from the CGUs, discount rates and other variables. The key assumptions used in the estimation of the VIU including the sensitivity analysis are disclosed in Note 14.

The  carrying  amount  of  the  Company's  investment  in  subsidiaries  and  the  allowance  for impairment loss recognised at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 14.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 5 Revenue from Contracts with Customers

## Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers

The Group's revenue is derived wholly from Singapore and is disaggregated by major service lines and timing of revenue recognition.

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  At a point in time  Rendering of dental services  8,828  -  Over time  Rendering of consultancy services  540  -  9,368  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 Other Income

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Government grants  80  -  Gain on disposal of asset  -  135  Others  127  431  207  566   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 7 Finance Costs

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Interest expense on short-term loans  -  5  Interest expense on loan from a related company  72  -  Interest expense on bank loans  59  -  Interest expense on lease liabilities  135  29  Imputed interest expense on Earn-Out Amount (Note 24)  207  -  Foreign exchange (gain)/loss, net  (1)  38  472  72   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 Income Tax

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Current income tax:  - current year  117  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation between income tax and the product of accounting loss multiplied by the applicable corporate tax rate for the financial year is as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  (Loss) before income tax  (8,516)  (5,309)  Income tax using the statutory tax rate of 17% (2021: 17%)  (1,448)  (903)  Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions  (21)  (34)  Non-deductible expenses *  1,572  716  Income not subject to tax  (26)  -  Singapore statutory stepped income exemption  (52)  -  Deferred tax benefits not recognised  92  221  117  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Mainly related to impairment of goodwill for the current reporting period.

## Unrecognised deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Deductible temporary differences  -  12,136  Research and development tax credits  6,352  6,306  Tax losses  299,888  295,128  306,240  313,570   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 8 Income Tax (cont'd)

## Unrecognised deferred tax assets (cont'd)

The  Group's  ability  to  utilise,  in  the  future,  the  tax  losses  and  other  tax  credits  relating  to  its subsidiary,  TriReme  Medical,  LLC  (referred  to  herein  as  'TriReme'),  incorporated  in  the  United States of America, may be subject to substantial restrictions in the event of past or future ownership changes as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of the United States of America and similar state tax laws. Such annual limitations could result in the expiration of the tax losses and other tax credits before utilisation.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's unrecognised tax losses mainly related to federal and state income taxes in relation to TriReme amounting to US$133,274,000 (approximately S$178,778,000) (2021:  US$132,835,000  (approximately  S$179,002,000))  and  US$90,284,000  (approximately S$121,110,000)  (2021:  US$86,176,000  (approximately  S$116,126,000)),  respectively.  The unrecognised federal losses generated prior to 31 December 2017 will begin to expire from 2037. The unrecognised federal losses generated after 2017 are carried forward indefinitely. The state tax losses will expire from 2040.

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  has  federal  and  state  research  and  development  tax credits  related  to  TriReme  of  US$2,419,000  (approximately  S$3,244,000)  (2021:  US$2,383,000 approximately S$3,211,000)) and US$2,317,000 (approximately S$3,108,000) (2021: US$2,296,000 (approximately S$3,095,000)), respectively. The federal research and development tax credits will expire from 2025 and the state research and development tax credits have no expiration.

The remaining unutilised tax losses and deductible temporary differences do not expire under the relevant current tax legislation.

Deferred  tax  assets  have  not  been  recognised  in  respect  of  the  above  items  because  it  is  not probable that future taxable profits will be available against which the relevant entities of the Group can utilise the benefits therefrom.

## 9 (Loss) for the Year

The following items have been included in arriving at (loss) for the year:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Audit fees paid/payable to:  - auditors of the Company  156  191  - other auditors  3  -  Non-audit fees paid/payable to:  - auditors of the Company *  -  135 *  - other auditors  12  53  Professional fees  2,104  1,353  Directors' fees  160  188  Depreciation of plant and equipment  101  -  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,004  246  Amortisation of intangible assets  229  -  Impairment loss on goodwill  4,625  -  Impairment loss on intangible assets  -  1,973  Loss on disposal of intangible assets  - included in other expenses  -  135  Debt conversion premiums - included in other expenses  -  270  Provision for restoration costs  155  -  Employee compensation expense:  - salaries and bonus  1,894  1,339  - employee benefit expense  61  86  - expenses related to defined contribution plans  261  51  - share-based payment expense  -  (760)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Related  to  non-audit  services  provided  by  the  auditors  of  the  Company  in  relation  to  the acquisition of ADG Group (Note 14(b)).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 10 (Loss) per Share

## (a) Basic (loss) per share

The calculation of basic (loss) per share has been based on the following (loss) attributable to  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  Company and weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:

## (Loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  (Loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders  (8,541)  (5,277)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding

| Group  2022  2021  '000  '000  Issued ordinary shares at 1 January  2,559,737  2,235,271  Effect of new shares issued:  - pursuant to settlement of loan and payables  -  15,758  - pursuant to exercise of share options  -  6,950  - pursuant to vesting of share awards  -  1,808  - pursuant to issuance of shares  4,190,870  -  Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding  6,750,607  2,259,787   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10 (Loss) per Share (cont'd)

## (b) Diluted (loss) per share

The calculation of diluted (loss) per share has been based on the following (loss) attributable to  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  Company and weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding after adjustment for effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares:

(Loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders (diluted)

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  (Loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders  (8,541)  (5,277)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (diluted)

| Group  2022  2021  '000  '000  Weighted average number of ordinary shares (basic and diluted)  6,750,607  2,259,787  Effect of potential dilutive shares in issue  -  -  Weighted average number of shares outstanding (diluted)  6,750,607  2,259,787   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's share options/restricted share awards (Note 26) (2021: the Groups' outstanding warrants (Note 26) and share options/restricted share awards) were excluded from the weighted average number of ordinary shares (diluted) calculation as their effect  would  be  to  decrease  the  loss  per  share  and  therefore  were  considered  to  be  antidilutive.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 11 Plant and Equipment

| Dental  machinery  Dental  equipment  and  instrument Renovation  Furniture,  fixtures  and office  equipment  Computer,  network  and  software  Machinery  and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  Cost  At 1 January 2021 (Restated)  -  -  -  345  115  2,179  -  2,639  Write off  -  -  -  (135)  (50)  (1,174)  -  (1,359)  At 31 December 2021  (Restated)  -  -  -  210  65  1,005  -  1,280  Additions due to acquisition  (Note 14(b))  -  -  -  -  2  -  -  2  Additions  516  85  78  7  96  13  131  926  At 31 December 2022  516  85  78  217  163  1,018  131  2,208  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2021 (Restated)  -  -  -  345  115  2,179  -  2,639  Write off  -  -  -  (135)  (50)  (1,174)  -  (1,359)  At 31 December 2021  (Restated)  -  -  -  210  65  1,005  -  1,280  Depreciation for the year  28  8  13  1  24  3  24  101  At 31 December 2022  28  8  13  211  89  1,008  24  1,381  Net book value  At 31 December 2021  (Restated)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  488  77  65  6  74  10  107  827   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Goodwill

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  At 1 January  -  -  Goodwill arising from acquisition of subsidiaries/business (as below)  8,745  -  Impairment loss on goodwill for acquisition of ADG Group  (4,625)  -  At 31 December  4,120  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 12 Goodwill (cont'd)

## Impairment testing

For  the  purpose  of  impairment  testing,  goodwill  has  been  allocated  to  the  respective  cashgenerating  unit  ('CGU')  (see  Note  14(b))  under  the  healthcare  business  operating  segments  as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  ADG Group ('ADG Group CGU')  7,488  -  EDS Group ('EDS Group CGU')  1,257  -  8,745  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The recoverable amounts of the CGUs have been determined based on value in use calculations using  cash  flow  projections  from  financial  budgets  approved  by  management  covering  a  5-year period.  The  forecasted  revenue  growth  rate,  terminal  growth  rate  and  discount  rate  are  set  out below.

| 2022  Revenue growth rate  2.8%  Terminal growth rate  1.0%  Discount rate  11.7%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Following the impairment testing, an impairment loss of S$4,625,000 was recognised in the profit or loss of the Group at the reporting date in relation to the goodwill allocated to ADG Group CGU, as the recoverable amount of ADG Group CGU was estimated to be less than its carrying amount. No impairment loss was recognised in relation to the goodwill allocated to EDS Group CGU.

## Sensitivity analysis

If the forecasted revenue growth rate over the 5-year period is reduced by 1% on an annual basis or the discount rate is increased by 1%, the impairment loss recognised for the goodwill allocated to ADG Group CGU will increase by approximately 33% or 6%, respectively.

No sensitivity  analysis  is  disclosed  for  EDS  Group  CGU  as  the  impairment  testing  has  determined there is significant headroom between the estimated recoverable amount of EDS Group CGU and its carrying amount at the reporting date.

## NOTES TO THE

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 13 Intangible Assets

| Intellectual  property  Developed  technology  in progress  Customer  relationship*  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  Cost  At 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021  (Restated)  501  1,922  -  2,423  Additions due to acquisition (Note 14 (b))  -  -  917  917  As at 31 December 2022  501  1,922  917  3,340  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  loss  At 1 January 2021 (Restated)  447  3  -  450  Impairment loss recognised in profit or loss  54  1,919  -  1,973  At 31 December 2021 (Restated)  501  1,922  -  2,423  Amortisation for the year  -  -  229  229  At 31 December 2022  501  1,922  229  2,652  Net book value  At 31 December 2021 (Restated)  -  -  -  -  At 31 December 2022  -  -  688  688   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Arose from the acquisition of ADG Group as disclosed in Note 14(b).

## Impairment loss on intangible assets

## Chocolate Heart™ product line

## 2021

At  the  end  of  the  previous  financial  year,  the  carrying  amount  of  the  intellectual  property  and developed  technology  in  progress  related  to  the  Chocolate  Heart ™   product  line  amounted  to US$40,000 (approximately S$54,000) and US$1,424,000 (approximately S$1,919,000), respectively, were  fully  impaired  based  on  the  assessment  performed  by  management  which  management concluded that the recoverable amount of these intangibles assets was uncertain in light of  the future  business  plans  of  the  Group  and  the  acquisition  of  ADG  Group  subsequent to the financial year  ended  31  December  2021  (Note  14(b)).  The  impairment  loss  on  intangible  assets  was recognised in the profit or loss of the Group for the previous financial year.

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries

| Company  2022  S$'000  Unquoted equity shares, at cost  - QT Vascular Ltd. *  5,516  - Asia Dental Group Pte. Ltd.  8,129  - Kairogenix Pte. Ltd.  - #  13,645  Less: Allowance for impairment loss  At 1 January  -  Additions  (6,072)  At 31 December  (6,072)  7,573   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Following the completion of the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a), QT Vascular Ltd. became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.

# Less than S$1,000.

(a) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  incorporation  and principal  place of  business  Principal activities  Proportion  of equity  interest  held by the  Company  2022  %  Held by the Company  QT Vascular Ltd.  (1)  Singapore  Investment holding  100  Asia Dental Group Pte. Ltd. (1)(2)  Singapore  Management consultancy  services for healthcare  organisations and  dental services  60  Kairogenix Pte. Ltd. (3)(4)  Singapore  Management consultancy  services for healthcare  organisations and dental  services  70   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

## (a) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows: (cont'd)

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  incorporation  and principal  place of  business  Principal activities  Effective equity interest  held by Group  2022  2021  %  %  Held by QTV  TriReme Medical, LLC (5)  United States  of America  Development,  manufacturing and  distribution of medical  devices  50% plus 1  share  50% plus 1  share  Quattro Vascular Pte.  Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Development of medical  devices  100  100  TriReme Medical  (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (1)  Singapore  Support services to  related corporations  for the development,  manufacturing and  distribution of medical  devices.  100  100  Held by ADG  St. Andrew's Dental  Pte. Ltd.  (1)(2)  Singapore  Dental services  60  -  Asia Healthcare Dental  Pte. Ltd.  (1)(2)  Singapore  Dental services  60  -  Corporate Dental Pte.  Ltd. (1)(2)  Singapore  Dental services  60  -  Seafarers Dental  Pte. Ltd.  (1)(2)  Singapore  Dental services  60  -  Eastern Dental Centre  Pte. Ltd.  (1)(3)  Singapore  Dental services  60  -  The Dental Hub  Pte. Ltd.  (1)(3)  Singapore  Dental services  60  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Audited by Moore Stephens LLP.

(2) Acquired during the financial year

(3) Incorporated during the financial year

(4) Insignificant subsidiary of the Group audited by TY Teoh International

(5) Not required to be audited by law of its country of incorporation.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

- (a) Details of the subsidiaries are as follows: (cont'd)

## TriReme - Disagreement in relation to corporate matters

On 17 February 2023, the Company announced that it has recently come to its attention that TriReme Medical LLC ('TriReme') has purportedly carried out capital calls,  which  resulted in  the  dilution  of  the  Group's  interest  in  TriReme  during  the  financial  year.  However,  as  the Company was not aware of these purported capital calls beforehand, the Company has been seeking  further  clarifications  from  TriReme,  and  pending  mutual  resolution,  has  expressly reserved its rights to dispute such purported corporate actions of TriReme. Accordingly, the Company continues to consolidate TriReme as a subsidiary of the Group in the consolidated financial  statements  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022.  In  addition,  in  the preparation  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  unaudited  management accounts of TriReme have been used for this purpose.

- (b) Acquisitions

## ADG Group

In  January  2022,  QTV  completed  the  acquisition  of  60%  of  the  entire  issued  and  paidup  share  capital  of  Asia  Dental  Group  Pte.  Ltd.  ('ADG').  ADG  has  the  following  wholly owned subsidiaries, namely St. Andrew's Dental Pte. Ltd., Asia Healthcare Dental Pte. Ltd., Corporate Dental Pte. Ltd. and Seafarers Dental Pte. Ltd. (collectively, the 'ADG Group'). The acquisition of ADG Group was for an aggregate consideration of up to S$7.65 million to be satisfied in both cash and shares as follows:

- S$3.0 million in cash to be paid on completion of the acquisition;
- S$0.5 million  to  be  satisfied  by  the  allotment  and  issuance  of  ordinary  shares  in  the Company ('Consideration Shares') upon completion of the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a); and
- An earn-out amount of up to S$4.15 million ('Earn-Out Amount') to be made subject to and in accordance with the below
- -S$1.383 million  in  cash  on  the  first  anniversary  of  the  completion  date  of  the acquisition;
- -S$1.383 million in cash on the second anniversary of the completion date of the acquisition; and
- -up  to  S$1.383  million  in  cash  ('Contingent  Consideration')  if  the  aggregate audited  EBITDA  of  the  Group  for  the  three  full  completed  financial  years immediately following completion of the acquisition, namely the financial years ended/ending 31 December 2022, 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2024 ('Aggregate  EBITDA'),  provided  that  such  Aggregate  EBITDA  is  equal  to  or exceeds S$3.6 million ('Aggregate EBITDA Threshold').

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

## (b) Acquisitions (cont'd)

ADG Group (cont'd)

| Group  2022  S$'000  Assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition  Plant and equipment (Note 11)  2  Intangible assets (Note 13)  917  Right of use assets (Note 22)  2,085  Trade and other receivables  918  Cash and bank balances  274  Trade and other payables  (758)  Lease liabilities  (2,105)  Loans and borrowings  (250)  Provision for income tax  (15)  1,068  Non-controlling interest  (427)  Identifiable net assets acquired at fair value  641  Group  2022  S$'000  Consideration for the acquisition of subsidiaries  Consideration paid/payable by the Company:  - Cash consideration paid  3,000  - Consideration Shares issued  1,389 *  - Earn-Out Amount (see Note 24)  3,740  8,129  Less: Identified net assets acquired at fair value (as above)  (641)  Goodwill arising on acquisition (Note 12)  7,488   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Fair value of Consideration Shares based on the market value of the shares at the date of issuance.

Goodwill  arose  on  the  acquisition  of  ADG  Group  because  the  consideration  paid  for  the business  combination  effectively  included  anticipated  profitability  and  future  operating synergies. These benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for identifiable intangible assets.

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

## (b) Acquisitions (cont'd)

ADG Group (cont'd)

| Group  2022  S$'000  Aggregate cash flow arising from acquisition of subsidiaries  Cash consideration paid for the acquisition of ADG Group  3,000  Less: Cash and cash equivalents of ADG Group acquired  (274)  Net cash outflow arising from acquisition  2,726   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

Included in the loss for the year is net profit of approximately S$293,000 attributable to the additional business generated by ADG Group. Revenue for the year included approximately S$7,543,000 in respect of revenue generated by ADG Group. Had this business combination been effected at 1 January 2022, the impact to the revenue of the Group and the loss for the year is considered not material.

## EDS Group

In February 2022, the Group incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Eastern Dental Centre Pte.  Ltd.  ('EDC'),  in  Singapore,  through  its  60%  owned  subsidiary,  ADG.  Subsequently,  in March 2022, the Group, via EDC, completed the acquisition of the business of three dental clinics  ('Eastern  Dental  Surgery  Group'  or  'EDS  Group')  for  a  total  cash  consideration  of approximately S$1,257,000.

As it was an acquisition of a business, the consideration of S$1,257,000 was wholly allocated as goodwill arising on acquisition of EDS Group on consolidation (Note 12).

| Group  2022  S$'000  Aggregate cash flow arising from acquisition of business  Cash consideration paid for the acquisition of EDS Group  1,257  Less: Cash and cash equivalents of EDS Group acquired  -  Net cash outflow arising from acquisition  1,257   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impact of acquisition on the results of the Group

Included in the loss for the year is net profit of approximately S$182,000 attributable to the additional business generated by EDS Group. Revenue for the year included approximately S$1,825,000 in respect of revenue generated by EDS Group. Had this business combination been effected at 1 January 2022, the impact to the revenue of the Group and the loss for the year is considered not material.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

## (c) Transfer of interest in ADG Group

Consequent to the completion of the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a), the Company effected the transfer of the 60% equity interest in ADG Group held by QTV to the Company at cost with effect from September 2022.

## (d) Incorporation of subsidiaries

In May 2022, QTV incorporated a subsidiary, Kairogenix Pte. Ltd. ('Kairogenix'), in Singapore where QTV subscribed and was allotted 70 ordinary shares for a total consideration of S$70 fully paid in cash. Consequent to the completion of the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a), the Company effected the transfer of the 70% equity interest in Kairogenix held by QTV to the Company at cost with effect from September 2022.

In  August  2022,  the  Group,  incorporated  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  The  Dental  Hub  Pte. Ltd., in Singapore, through its 60% owned subsidiary, ADG, where ADG subscribed and was alloted 1,000 ordinary shares for a total consideration of S$1,000 fully paid in cash

## (e) Disposal of subsidiary without loss of control

## 2021

During the previous financial year, the Group had diluted approximately 50% of its interest in TriReme, reducing its continuing equity interest to 50% plus 1 share.

The  following  summarised  the  effect  of  the  change  in  the  Group's  ownership  interest  in TriReme on the equity attributable to owners of the Company:

| 2021  S$'000  Proceeds from sale of the 50% ownership interest  305  Net liabilities attributable to non-controlling interests  11  Increase in equity attributable to owners of the Company  316   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (f) Impairment of investment in subsidiaries

At the reporting date, management assessed the recoverable amounts of certain subsidiaries of the Company that have indicators of impairment. Management estimated the recoverable amounts based on fair value less cost to sell with reference to the financial performance and/ or financial position of the relevant subsidiaries as at year end.

Following  management's  assessment,  impairment  losses  amounted  to  S$6,072,000  were recognised  for  the  Company's  investment  in  subsidiaries  at  the  reporting  date.  The impairment losses were recognised in profit or loss of the Company and had no impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

- (g) Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests

The Group has the following subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests:

| Name of subsidiary  Place of incorporation and  principal place of business  Proportion of equity  interests held by non-  controlling interests  2022  2021  %  %  Asia Dental Group Pte. Ltd. and its  subsidiaries  Singapore  40  -  TriReme  United States of America  50  50  Name of subsidiary  Profit/(Loss) allocated to  non-controlling interests  Accumulated  non-controlling interests  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Asia Dental Group Pte. Ltd. and its  subsidiaries  180  -  607  -  TriReme  (262)  (36)  (305)  (43)  Individually immaterial subsidiaries  with non-controlling interests  (10)  -  292  (43)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

## (g) Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests (cont'd)

Summarised financial information in respect of the Group's subsidiaries that has material noncontrolling interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup eliminations.

| 2022  S$'000  Asia Dental Group Pte. Ltd. and its subsidiaries  Current assets  5,490  Non-current assets  4,897  Current liabilities  (4,307)  Non-current liabilities  (4,562)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  911  Non-controlling interests  607  Revenue  9,368  Expenses  (8,918)  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  450  Profit attributable to owners of the Company  270  Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests  180  Profit and total comprehensive income for the year  450  Net cash inflow from operating activities  1,301  Net cash (outflow) from investing activities  (2,018)  Net cash inflow from financing activities  4,072   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14 Investment in Subsidiaries (cont'd)

- (g) Interest in subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests (cont'd)

| 2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  TriReme  Current assets  156  338  Non-current assets  308  536  Current liabilities  (545)  (652)  Non-current liabilities  (43)  (310)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  (305)  (43)  Non-controlling interests  (305)  (43)  Revenue  -  -  Expenses  (524)  (651)  (Loss) and total comprehensive (loss) for the year  (524)  (651)  (Loss) attributable to owners of the Company  (262)  (619)  (Loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests  (262)  (32)  (Loss) and total comprehensive (loss) for the year  (524)  (651)  Net cash (outflow) from operating activities  (624)  (949)  Net cash inflow from financing activities  123  89   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 15 Other Investment

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Non-current investment  Equity investment - mandatorily at FVTPL  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2022

At the end of the current financial year, the Group has written off the unquoted equity investment which had been fully written down to Nil value at the end of the previous financial year.

## 2021

At the end of the previous financial year, management had recognised a full fair value loss for the unquoted equity investment of approximately US$255,000 (approximately S$344,000) in profit or loss of the Group in view of the negative financial position of the investee company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 16 Other Non-current Assets

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Security deposits  45  49   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 Inventories

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  At cost,  Finished goods - consumables  32  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The cost of inventories sold recognised as an expense and included under 'cost of sales' of the Group amounted to S$34,000 (2021: Nil) for the financial year.

## 18 Trade and Other Receivables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Trade receivables  - Third parties  845  -  -  - Related parties  392  -  -  1,237  -  -  Other receivables  408  3  -  1,645  3  -  Prepayments  62  27  7  1,707  30  7   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade receivables are unsecured, non-interest bearing and have credit terms of 60 - 90 days.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 18 Trade and Other Receivables (cont'd)

The  Group's  credit  risk  exposure  in  relation  to  trade  receivables  for  the  financial  year  ended 31 December 2022, in relation to the healthcare business operating segment, are set out in the provision matrix as presented below.

| Past due  Current  Within 30  days  31 to 60  days  &gt; 61 days  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Expected credit loss rate  *  *  *  *  Trade receivables - gross  carrying amount  880  134  61  161  1,237  Loss allowance - lifetime ECL  -  -  -  -  -  1,237   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* ECL rate is insignificant.

## 19 Cash and Bank Balances

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Bank balances  5,128  277  1,062  Deposits pledged  67  67  -  Cash and cash equivalents per consolidated statement of  cash flows  5,195  344  1,062   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts in deposits pledged relate to security for various company credit cards both in the United States of America and Singapore. These deposits pledged earn interest income at interest rates of 0.02% and 0.08% (2021: 0.02% and 0.08%) per annum.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 20(a)  Share Capital

| Group  2022  2021  Number of  ordinary  shares  Amount  Number of  ordinary  shares  Amount  '000  S$'000  '000  S$'000  (Restated)  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 January  2,559,739  235,188  2,235,271  233,371  Effect of change in functional currency  -  (9,647)  -  -  Shares issued pursuant to exercise of share  options  -  -  33,035  197  Shares issued pursuant to vesting of share  awards  -  -  30,000  -  Issuance of shares pursuant to settlement of  loans and payables  -  -  261,433  1,620  Shares issued pursuant to share placement (i)  4,055,556  7,300  -  -  Shares issued pursuant to acquisition (ii)  277,778  1,389  -  -  At 31 December  6,893,073  234,230  2,559,739  235,188   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Relates to shares of QTV issued pursuant to a share placement completed during the financial year prior to the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a), where 4,055,555,556 new ordinary shares were issued in the capital of QTV at an issue price of S$0.0018 per share.

(ii) Relates  to  shares  of  QTV  issued  pursuant  to  the  acquisition  of  ADG  Group  for  the Consideration Shares as disclosed in Note 14(b), where 277,777,777 new ordinary shares were issued in the capital of QTV at an issue price of S$0.005 per share.

| Company  2022  Number of  ordinary  shares  Amount  '000  S$'000  Issued and fully paid:  At date of incorporation *  ^  #  Shares issued pursuant to corporate restructuring (iii)  6,893,073  234,230  At 31 December  6,893,073  234,230   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The Company was incorporated on 30 May 2022.

^ The number of share issued at the date of incorporation was 1.

# Less than S$1,000.

## 20(a)  Share Capital (cont'd)

- (iii) (iii) Relates  to  shares  of  the  Company  issued  pursuant  to  the  corporate  restructuring  as disclosed in Note 3(a), when the Company acquired all the issued and paid-up ordinary shares of QTV through the issuance of ordinary shares in exchange for QTV's ordinary shares, on the basis of one (1) ordinary share in the Company for every one (1) ordinary share in QTV held by all the then shareholders of QTV.

All issued ordinary shares are fully paid. There is no par value for these ordinary shares. Fully paid ordinary shares carry one vote per share and carry a right to dividends as and when declared by the Company.

## Warrants

QTV had in May 2017 issued 35,000,000 unlisted warrants ('Warrants') to GEM Global Yield Fund LLC SCS ('GEM Global'), a company based in Luxembourg, each carrying the right to subscribe for 1 new ordinary share of QTV ('Share') at an exercise price of S$0.10 for each new Share ('Warrant Shares'). As at 31 December 2021, there were 35,000,000 outstanding. The Warrants have expired in May 2022.

## 20(b) Reserves

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Merger reserve (i)  (1,866)  (1,866)  Reserve for own shares (ii)  (98)  (104)  Translation reserve (iii)  (1,024)  (4,831)  Share-based payment reserve (iv)  11,678  11,591  8,690  4,790   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Movements  in  the  Group's  reserves  during  the  financial  year  are  set  out  in  the  consolidated statement of changes in equity of the Group.

- (i) Merger reserve

Merger reserve represents the combined amount of issued capital of respective subsidiaries under common control that were previously combined to form QTV Group in 2013.

- (ii) Reserve for own shares

The reserve  for  own  shares  comprises  the  cost  of  QTV's  shares  held  by  the  Group.  As  at 31 December 2022, the Group held 16,000 (2021: 16,000) of QTV's shares.

- (iii) Translation reserve

The foreign currency translation reserve comprises all foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 20(b) Reserves (cont'd)

## (iv) Share-based payment reserve

The  share-based  payment  reserve  comprises  the  cumulative  value  of  employee  services received for previous issuance of share options to employees under QVT Group prior to the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a).

| Company  2022  S$'000  Capital reserve (v)  (228,762)  Share-based payment reserve (vi)  48  (228,714)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (v) Capital reserve

This represents the difference between the share capital of the Company which was issued in exchange for the ordinary shares of QTV pursuant to the corporate restructuring as disclosed in  Note  3(a)  and  the  carrying  amount  of  total  equity  of  QTV  at  the  date  of  the  corporate restructuring.

## (vi) Share-based payment reserve

The  share-based  payment  reserve  comprises  the  cumulative  value  of  QTV's  share  options assumed by the Company (Note 26) pursuant to the corporate restructuring as disclosed in Note 3(a).

## 21(a)  Trade and Other Payables

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Trade payables  1,587  -  167  Accrued payroll and other related costs  70  232  -  Accrued operating expenses  1,757  1,945  272  Other payables  1,063  333  -  Amount due to a subsidiary  -  -  5,602  4,477  2,510  6,041   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Trade payables are non-interest bearing and are settled on average 30 - 60 days terms.

The amount due to a subsidiary is non-trade related, unsecured, interest-free  and  repayable  on demand and in cash.

## 21(b) Provision for Reinstatement Costs

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  At 1 January  -  -  Additions  155  -  At 31 December  155  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Provision for  reinstatement costs relates to reinstating the leased business premises to its original state at the end of the lease term. The provision is based on current reinstatement cost information available and to the best knowledge and experience of the management.

## 22 Lease Liabilities

## The Group as a lessee

## (a) Nature of the Group's leasing activities

The  Group  has  entered  into  leases  in  respect  of  its  land  and  buildings  and  copiers.  The Group is prohibited from selling, pledging or sub-leasing the underlying leased assets, and is required to maintain the leased assets in good condition.

## (b) Carrying amounts of right-of-use assets

| Land and  buildings  Copiers  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  At 1 January 2022  493  -  493  Additions due to acquisition (Note 14(b))  2,085  -  2,085  Addition  709  6  715  Depreciation charge  (1,002)  (2)  (1,004)  Exchange difference  6  -  6  At 31 December 2022  2,291  4  2,295  2021  At 1 January 2021 (Restated)  55  -  55  Additions  685  -  685  Depreciation charge  (246)  -  (246)  Exchange difference  (1)  -  (1)  At 31 December 2021 (Restated)  493  -  493   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 22 Lease Liabilities (cont'd)

## The Group as a lessee (cont'd)

## (c) Lease liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Lease liabilities:  - Current  1,001  203  - Non-current  1,294  309  2,295  512   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Amount recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  1,004  246  Interest expense on lease liabilities  135  29   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (e) Other disclosures

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Total cash outflow for leases  1,021  261   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 Loans and Borrowings

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Short-term loans  -  485  Loan from a related party  1,693  -  Bank loans  3,854  -  5,547  485  Current  Non-current  Within  1 year  Within  2 - 5 years  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Secured:  - Loan from a related party  550  1,143  1,693  Secured:  Bank loans  - Term loan I  180  811  991  - Term loan II  33  154  187  - Term loan III  111  456  567  - Term loan IV  112  437  549  - Term loan V  142  427  569  - Term loan VI  181  810  991  759  3,095  3,854  1,309  4,238  5,547  2021 (Restated)  Secured:  Short-term loans  451  -  451  Unsecured:  Short-term loans  34  -  34  485  -  485   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 23 Loans and Borrowings (cont'd)

## Short-term loans

At  31  December 2021, included in the short-term loans was a loan amounting to approximately US$334,000  (approximately  S$450,000)  which  was  repayable  on  demand  and  secured  over  the Group's 50% plus one share shareholding in TriReme Medical, LLC. All short-term loans outstanding at  the  end  of  the  previous  financial  year  incurred  a  fixed  interest  rate  of  8%  per  annum.  All  shortterm loans have been repaid in full during the current financial year.

## Loan from a related party

The loan from a related party is secured by the Company's pledge of its entire 60% shareholding in  ADG  and  bears  a  fixed  interest  rate  of  5.50%  per  annum.  The  disbursed  loan  amount  was S$2,000,000 and is repayable in 42 monthly installments commencing in April 2022.

## Bank loans

During the financial year, the subsidiaries entered into several loan arrangements with banks. The periods in which these loans were disbursed and commencement dates of loan repayment fall in as well as the number of months of repayment are set out below.

| Fixed  interest rate  Period of loan  disbursement  Period of  commencement of  loan repayment  Number of months  of repayment  Bank loans  Term loan I  5.50%  October 2022  December 2022  60  Term loan II  6.50%  December 2022  December 2022  60  Term loan III  4.75%  July 2022  September 2022  60  Term loan IV  4.75%  May 2022  July 2022  60  Term loan V  5.50%  August 2022  October 2022  48  Term loan VI  4.75%  October 2022  December 2022  60   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The bank loans are secured as follows:

## Term loan I - Principal amount of S$1,000,000

- The Company's pledge of its entire 60% shareholding in ADG; and
- Pledge by a director of ADG, of his entire 40% shareholding in ADG.

## Term loan II - Principal amount of S$190,000

- Corporate guarantee from the Company; and
- Personal guarantees from a director of the Company and another director of ADG.

Term loan III - Principal amount of S$600,000

Term loan IV - Principal amount of S$600,000

Term loan V - Principal amount of S$600,000

- Personal guarantees from a director of the Company and another director of ADG.

## 23 Loans and Borrowings (cont'd)

Bank loans (cont'd)

Term loan VI - Principal amount of S$1,000,000

- Corporate guarantee from the Company; and
- Personal guarantee from a director of ADG

## 24 Amount Due to a Non-controlling Interest

The amount due to a non-controlling interest (or the 'Vendor') relates to the Earn-Out Amount which is part of the consideration for the acquisition of ADG Group as disclosed in Note 14(b).

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Amount comprising:  Within 1st year (deferred payment)  1,383  -  1,383  Within 2nd year (deferred payment)  1,383  -  1,383  Contingent Consideration  1,384  -  1,384  4,150  -  4,150   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Contingent Consideration is payable to the Vendor if the ADG Group achieves the Aggregate EBITDA Threshold as disclosed in Note 14(b). At the reporting date, management has assessed there has been no change in the fair value of the Contingent Consideration since the acquisition date.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Earn-Out Amount  4,150  -  4,150  Unamortised discount  (411)  -  (411)  3,739  -  3,739  Unwinding of imputed interest (Note 7)  207  -  207  3,946  -  3,946  Presented as:  - Current  1,383  -  1,383  - Non-current  2,563  -  2,563  3,946  -  3,946   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 24 Amount Due to a Non-controlling Interest (cont'd)

As security  for  the  Company's  obligations  in  respect  of  the  Earn-Out  Amount,  the  Company  has provided to the Vendor a copy of a duly executed deed of assignment ('Deed of Assignment') executed by the Company in favour of the Vendor in relation to the assignment of all distributions and dividends arising over all shares in ADG Group in the event that the Company fails to pay any part of the Earn-Out Amount if and when due.

If the proceeds from the Deed of Assignment are insufficient to fulfill any sum outstanding in respect of the Earn-Out Amount or if ADG Group does not have distributable profits to declare dividends pursuant  to  the  Deed  of  Assignment,  the  Company  undertakes  to  the  Vendor  (at  the  Vendor's option)  to  satisfy  such  outstanding  sum  by  the  allotment  and  issuance  to  the  Vendor  of  ordinary shares of the Company within three months from the date on which the outstanding sum becomes payable  under  the  Deed  of  Assignment  (or  such  other  time  period  as  may  be  mutually  agreed between the Vendor and the Company) at an issue price to be mutually agreed by the Vendor and the Company.

## 25 Deferred Tax Liabilities

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Composition of deferred tax:  Temporary differences on plant and equipment  61  -  Movements in the deferred tax liabilities:  At 1 January  -  -  Charged to profit or loss  61  -  At 31 December  61  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26 Share-based Payment Arrangements

(a) The Group has the following share-based payment arrangements:

## Share option programme (equity-settled)

In  September  2005  ('2005  Stock  Plan'),  November  2010  ('2010  Stock  Plan')  and  September 2013 ('2013 Stock Plan'), QTV had established share option plans that entitle certain employees, directors and consultants to purchase ordinary shares in QTV. Further, in April 2014, QTV adopted the  2014  QTV Employee Share Option Scheme ('2014 Stock Plan') which had become effective upon the listing of QTV on the Catalist of the SGX-ST in April 2014.

As  part  of  the  corporate  restructuring  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(a),  all  liabilities  and  obligations  in connection  with  the  outstanding  share  options  ('Options')  granted  under  QTV's  2005,  2010, 2013  and  2014  Stock  Plans  (collectively,  the  'Option  Schemes')  are  assumed  by  the  Company ('Options Variation'). The Options Variation do not involve any changes made to the terms of the share options granted or the rules of the Option Schemes except the outstanding Options will be exercisable into shares of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 26 Share-based Payment Arrangements (cont'd)

- (a) The Group has the following share-based payment arrangements: (cont'd)

## Share option programme (equity-settled) (cont'd)

At  the  reporting  date,  the  Option  Schemes  have  21  Optionholders  with  12,186,536  outstanding Options. Details of the outstanding Options are set out below.

| Options  Exercise price  per share (S$)  Options  outstanding at  31 December  2022  Number of  Optionholders  Option period  2013 Stock Option  0.006  7,967,536  10  Ten years from date of grant  2014 Stock Option  0.095  4,219,000  11  Ten years from date of grant   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company does not intent to issue additional Options under the Option Schemes.

Reconciliation of outstanding Options

| Group  No. of Options  2022  2021  '000  '000  Outstanding at 1 January  22,504  76,123  Exercised during the year  -  (33,035)  Forfeited during the year  -  (13,854)  Expired during the year  (10,318)  (6,730)  Outstanding at 31 December  12,186  22,504  Exercisable at 31 December  12,186  22,504  Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Share-based compensation (forfeiture) recognised in profit or loss  -  (481)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE

## 26 Share-based Payment Arrangements (cont'd)

- (a) The Group has the following share-based payment arrangements: (cont'd)

## Restricted share awards (equity-settled)

The QT Vascular Restricted Share Plan 2015 ('Award Scheme') was adopted to allow QTV to grant share awards ('Awards') to employees and directors of the Company or its subsidiaries, including controlling shareholders and their associates.

As  part  of  the  corporate  restructuring  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(a),  all  liabilities  and  obligations  in connection  with  the  outstanding  Awards  granted  under  the  Award  Scheme  are  assumed  by  the Company ('Awards Variation'). The Awards Variation do not involve any changes made to the terms of  the  Awards  granted or the rules of the Award Scheme except the outstanding Awards shall be reference to shares of the Company.

At  the  reporting  date,  the  Award  Scheme  has  6  share  awards  holders  with  an  aggregate  of 1,241,544 outstanding Awards. The Company does not intend to grant additional Awards under the Award Scheme.

Reconciliation of outstanding restricted share awards

| Group  No. of Awards  2022  2021  Outstanding at 1 January  1,242  5,906  Granted during the year  -  30,000  Issued during the year  -  (30,000)  Forfeited during the year  -  (4,664)  Outstanding at 31 December  1,242  1,242   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Group

Share-based compensation (forfeiture) recognised in profit or loss

2022

S$'000

-

2021

S$'000

(Restated)

(277)

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 26 Share-based Payment Arrangements (cont'd)

- (b) The Company has the following share-based payment arrangements:

## Share option programme (equity-settled)

As  part  of  the  corporate  restructuring  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(a),  all  liabilities  and  obligations  in connection with the outstanding share options ('Options') granted under QTV's 2005, 2010, 2013 and 2014 Stock Plans (collectively, the 'Option Schemes') are assumed by the Company ('Options Variation').  The  Options  Variation  do  not  involve  any  changes  made  to  the  terms  of  the  share options granted or the rules of the Option Schemes except the outstanding Options (as disclosed above) will be exercisable into shares of the Company.

Further details of the Option Schemes are disclosed in (a) above.

## Measurement of fair value of Option Schemes

The fair value of Option Schemes assumed by the Company has been measured using Black-Scholes option-pricing  model  as  at  29  July  2022  which  is  the  date  of  the  completion  of  the  corporate structuring. Estimates of volatility has been based on an evaluation of the historical volatility of the Company's share price.  The expected term of the share options has been based on estimated option holder behaviour.

The inputs used in the measurement of the fair values of the Options under the Option Schemes are as follows:

| Company  2022  Fair value at 29 July 2022 (weighted average)  S$0.0037 - 0.0044  Share price at 29 July 2022  S$0.005  Exercise price  S$0.006 - 0.095  Expected volatility (weighted average)  233.8% - 242.3%  Expected life (weighted average)  2.05 years  Expected dividends  -  Risk-free interest rate (weighted average based on government bonds)  2.5 - 2.9%  Share-based compensation expense  S$48,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Restricted share awards (equity-settled)

As  part  of  the  corporate  restructuring  as  disclosed  in  Note  3(a),  all  liabilities  and  obligations  in connection  with  the  outstanding  Awards  granted  under  the  Award  Scheme  are  assumed  by  the Company ('Awards Variation'). The Awards Variation do not involve any changes made to the terms of  the  Awards  granted or the rules of the Award Scheme except the outstanding Awards shall be reference to shares of the Company.

Further details of the Award Scheme are disclosed in (a) above.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 27 Related Party Transactions

In  addition  to  the  related  party  information  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  financial  statements,  the Group entered  into  transactions  with  related  parties  during  the  financial  year,  on  terms  agreed between the parties, as shown below.

## Significant transactions with related parties

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Loan from a related company (1)  2,000  -  Interest expense incurred on loan from a related company (1)  72  -  Dental consultancy services rendered to a related company (1)  540  -  Short-term lease (office) expense paid to a related company (2)  78  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) A related company refers to a company beneficially owned by a director of ADG.

(2) A related company refers to a company beneficially owned by a director of the Company.

## Key management personnel compensation

| Group  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  Directors' fees  160  188  Short-term employee benefits  856  1,154  Contributions to defined contribution plans  51  57  Share-based payments  -  153  1,067  1,552  Comprised:  - Directors of the Company  463  742  - Key management of the Group  604  810  1,067  1,552   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27 Related Party Transactions (cont'd)

## Director transactions

In 2014, Eitan Konstantino, the former executive director and chief executive officer of QT Vascular Ltd.  had  entered  into  an  amended  and  restated  intellectual  property  assignment  agreement  with QT Vascular and its wholly owned subsidiary, Quattro Vascular Pte. Ltd. ('Quattro'), under which he assigned QT Vascular and Quattro all intellectual property rights for a medical device to be utilised in the treatment of blood vessels, i.e., 'chocolate' balloon catheter. Based on the revised agreement, Eitan Konstantino is entitled to 2.85% of the net sales of the product upon commercialisation and the amount is payable quarterly on a date within five business days of the earlier of (i) filing with the  applicable  regulatory  body  of  the  required  quarterly  and  annual  financial  reports  and  (ii)  45 days following the end of a fiscal quarter and 60 days following the end of a fiscal year. No royalty expense was recognised in profit and loss of the Group paid/ payable to Eitan Konstantino for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 28 Legal Proceedings

In  August  2021,  InnoRa  GmbH  ('InnoRa'),  a  licensor  to  TriReme  Medical  LLC  ('TriReme'),  a subsidiary  of  the  Group,  is  seeking  to  claim  for  an  amount  of  (i)  US$1,200,000  in  royalties,  being 30% of the initial  payment  made to TriReme, under the asset purchase agreement between QT Vascular  Ltd.  ('QTV'),  TriReme,  G  Vascular  Private  Limited  ('Purchaser')  and  Genesis  MedTech International Private Limited ('Genesis MedTech') in relation to the disposal of Chocolate Touch® ('Product') by TriReme to the Purchaser in August 2020, as well as (ii) 30% of all future payments received by TriReme in connection with the aforesaid disposal ('InnoRa Dispute').

In  October  2021,  TriReme  and  Quattro  Vascular  Pte  Ltd  ('Quattro'),  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group, filed for a demand for arbitration against InnoRa with the American Arbitration Association seeking declaratory  judgements  and  certain  damages  from  InnoRa.  InnoRa  had  responded  to  the  claims made by TMI US and Quattro in November 2021. Subsequently, in March 2022, TMI US and Quattro responded to the statement of counterclaims made by InnoRa.

On  26  August  2022,  InnoRa  had  filed  a  complaint  with  a  state  court  in  California  involving allegations  similar  to  those  made  in  the  InnoRa  Dispute  (the  'Complaint').  The  Complaint  made by  InnoRa  now  includes  QTV,  TriReme,  the  Purchaser  and  Genesis  MedTech  as  parties  to  the Complaint.

In  consultation  with  legal  advisors,  the  Company  filed  a  demurrer  to  a  state  court  in  California ('State  Court')  to  dismiss  the  Complaint  filed  by  InnoRa  ('State  Court  Action')  due  to  insufficient basis  from  InnoRa  to  support  the  legal  claims,  or  alternatively  (if  the  State  Court  does  not  agree on the demurrer), a motion to compel arbitration (request for the State Court to compel InnoRa to file this State Court Action into a separate arbitration), or to stay (request for the State Court to halt proceedings of this State Court Action until an award is issued in the arbitration hearing for the InnoRa Dispute to be held in March 2023). On 13 January 2023, a case management conference was  held  by  the  State  Court  to  discuss  the  status  of  the  State  Court  Action.  The  State  Court understands the Company's abovementioned intention, and considering that the Company has an arbitration  hearing  for  the  InnoRa  Dispute  scheduled  in  March  2023,  of  which  the  outcome  of  the arbitration will have the same effect for this State Court Action, the State Court agreed for the case management conference to be deferred to 16 May 2023.

Based on the Group's legal counsel advice, the aforesaid arbitration hearing scheduled in March 2023  has  been  completed.  A  ruling  from  the  arbitrator  is  anticipated  by  July  2023.  Since  the arbitration is still in progress and the outcome cannot be determined at this stage, the directors of the Company are therefore of the view that no provision for any claims by InnoRa is required to be recognised in the financial statements as at 31 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 29 Operating Segments

- (a) Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenues

Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise that engage in business activities  for  which  separate  financial  information  is  available  and  evaluated  by  the  chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and assessing performance. The  Company's  chief  operating  decision  maker  is  its  CEO.  The  CEO  reviews  financial information  presented  on  a  consolidated  basis,  for  purposes  of  allocating  resources  and evaluating  financial  performance.  The  Group  has  one  business  activity  and  there  are no  segment  managers  who  are  held  accountable  for  operations,  or  plans  for  levels  or components below the consolidated unit level. Accordingly, the Group operates as a single reportable operating segment.

The Group's reportable segments are as follows:

- Vascular business:

The vascular business segment is in the business of development, manufacturing and distribution of medical devices.

- Healthcare business:

The healthcare business segment is in the business of rendering of dental services.

- Corporate:

Corporate segment consists of investment holding company which does not meet any of the quantitative threshold for determining a reportable operating segment.

Information regarding the results of each reportable operating segment is included below. Segment assets and liabilities  are  presented  net  of  inter-segment  balances.  Inter-segment pricing is determined on mutually agreed terms.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 29 Operating Segments (cont'd)

## (b) Information about operating segments

| Vascular  business  Healthcare  business  Corporate  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Revenue  Total revenue  -  9,368  -  9,368  Inter-segment revenue  -  -  -  -  External revenue  -  9,368  -  9,368  Results  (Loss)/Profit before income tax  (2,036)  567  (7,047)  (8,516)  Income tax  -  (117)  -  (117)  (Loss)/Profit for the year  (2,036)  450  (7,047)  (8,633)  Assets and liabilities  Segment assets  470  8,053  6,386  14,909  Segment liabilities  (1,340)  (8,250)  (6,947)  (16,537)  Other segment information  Expenditure for property, plant and  equipment  -  (764)  (164)  (928)  Other non-cash items:  - Depreciation of property, plant and  equipment  -  (69)  (32)  (101)  - Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (234)  (770)  -  (1,004)  - Amortisation of intangible assets  -  -  (229)  (229)  - Impairment of goodwill  -  (4,625)  -  (4,625)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 29 Operating Segments (cont'd)

## (b) Information about operating segments (cont'd)

| Vascular  business  Corporate  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2021 (Restated)  Revenue  Total revenue  -  -  -  Inter-segment revenue  -  -  -  External revenue  -  -  -  Results  (Loss) before income tax  (1,012)  (4,297)  (5,309)  Income tax  -  -  -  (Loss) for the year  (1,012)  (4,297)  (5,309)  Assets and liabilities  Segment assets  885  31  916  Segment liabilities  (1,193)  (2,314)  (3,507)  Other segment information  Expenditure for property, plant and equipment  -  -  -  Other non-cash items:  - Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  -  -  -  - Depreciation of right-of-use assets  (246)  -  (246)  - Impairment of intangible assets  (1,973)  -  (1,973)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 29 Operating Segments (cont'd)

## (c) Geographical information

The Group operates principally in the United States of America and Singapore. In presenting information  on  the  basis  of  geographical  segments,  segment  revenue  is  based  on  the geographical  location  of  customers  and  segment  assets  are  based  on  the  geographical location of the non-current assets.

| Revenue  Non-current assets  2022  2021  2022  2021  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  (Restated)  (Restated)  Group  United States of America  -  -  309  536  Singapore  9,368  -  7,666  6  9,368  -  7,975  542   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Information about major customers

There were no customers with revenue of over 10% of the Group's revenue for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 30 Financial Instruments

## Financial risk management

The Group and the Company is exposed to financial risks arising from its operations and the use of  financial  instruments.  The  directors  of  the  Company  review  and  agree  policies  and  procedures for  the  management of these risks. The Audit Committee provides independent oversight to the effectiveness of the risk management process. These risks include credit risk, foreign currency risk, interest  rate  risk  and  liquidity  risk.  The  Group  does  not  enter  into  or  trade  financial  instruments, including derivative financial instruments, for speculative purposes.

There has been no change to the Group's exposure to these financial risks or the manner in which it  manages and measures the risks. The following sections provide details regarding the Group's and Company's exposure to the above-mentioned financial risks and the objectives, policies and processes for the management of these risks.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk

Credit  risk  refers  to  the  risk  that  counterparty  will  default  on  its  contractual  obligations resulting in a loss to the Group and the Company. In order to minimise credit risk, the Group has adopted a policy of only dealing with creditworthy counterparties as a means of mitigating the  risk  of  financial  loss  from  defaults.  The  Group  generally  do  not  require  collateral.  The Group reviews the recoverable amount of each trade receivable and debt investment on an individual basis at the end of the reporting period to ensure that adequate loss allowance is made for irrecoverable amounts.

At  the  reporting  date,  the  Group  does  not  have  significant  credit  risk  exposure  except  for 1  debtor (2021: Nil) of the trade receivables from third parties accounted for approximately 32% (2021: Nil) of the total gross balance of trade receivables and based on geographical information provided by management is predominately attributed to Singapore. The credit risk  on  liquid  funds  is  limited  because  the  counterparties  are  banks  with  high  credit-ratings. The  Group's  maximum  exposure  to  credit  risk  arises  from  the  carrying  amount  of  the respective recognised financial assets as present on the consolidated statement of financial position.

## Trade receivables

The Group uses a provision matrix to measure the lifetime expected credit loss allowance for trade receivables. In measuring the expected credit losses, trade receivables are grouped based on their shared credit risk characteristics and numbers of days past due. The expected credit  loss  on  trade  receivables  is  estimated  using  a  provision  matrix  based  on  the  Group's historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current as well as the forecast direction of conditions at the reporting date, including time value of money where appropriate.

Further  details  on  the  Group's  credit  risk  exposure  in  relation  to  trade  receivables  are disclosed in Note 18.

## Cash and bank balances and other financial assets

The cash and bank balances are entered into with banks and financial institutions that have high credit-ratings.

Impairment on cash and bank balances and other financial assets has been measured on the 12-month expected loss basis and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its cash and bank balances and other financial assets have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties. The amount of the allowances on cash and bank balances and other financial assets were insignificant.

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk (cont'd)

## Corporate guarantees

At the reporting date, the Company has granted corporate guarantees to banks for certain subsidiaries'  bank  borrowings  disclosed  in  Note  23  with  outstanding  balances  totaling S$2,169,000  (2021:  Nil).  These  corporate  guarantees  executed  by  the  Company  have  not been recorded at fair value, as in the view of the management, the difference in the interest rates,  by  comparing the actual rates charged by the banks with these corporate guarantees made  available,  with  the  estimated  rates  that  the  banks  would  have  charged  had  those corporate guarantees not been made available, is not material.

The corporate guarantees are subject to impairment assessment. The Company has assessed that the relevant subsidiaries have strong financial capacity to meet the contractual cash flow loan obligations and henceforth does not expect significant credit losses arising from these corporate guarantees.

## Credit risk grading guideline

The Group's management assesses the default risk of debtors using the following internal credit risk grading system:

| Internal credit risk  rating grades  Definition  Basis of recognition  of expected credit  loss (ECL)  i. Performing  The counterparty has a low risk of default  and does not have any past-due amounts.  12-month ECL  ii. Under-performing  There  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit risk since initial recognition.  Lifetime ECL (not  credit-impaired)  iii. Non-performing  There is evidence indicating that the asset  is credit-impaired.  Lifetime ECL (credit-  impaired)  iv. Write-off  There is evidence indicating that there is no  reasonable expectation of recovery as the  debtor is in severe financial difficulty.  Asset is written off   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (a) Credit risk (cont'd)

## Credit risk exposure

The credit quality of the Group's financial assets, as well as maximum exposure to credit risk by internal rating grades is presented as follows:

| Internal  credit rating  ECL  Gross  carrying  amount  Loss  allowance  Net carrying  amount  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Trade receivables  Performing  Lifetime ECL  (simplified)  1,237  -  1,237  Other receivables  Performing  12-month ECL  408  -  408  2021  Trade receivables  Performing  Lifetime ECL  (simplified)  -  -  -  Other receivables  Performing  12-month ECL  3  -  3   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Foreign currency risk

The  Group  has  transactional  currency  exposures  arising  from  transactions  denominated  in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities of the Group. The foreign currency in which the Group's transactions are denominated and have exposure to foreign currency risk is primarily the United States Dollar ('USD') and Euro ('EUR')

The Group generally does not hedge foreign currency risk exposure using derivative financial instruments. The Group manages foreign currency risk by close monitoring of the timing of inception and settlement of the foreign currency transactions.

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (b) Foreign currency risk (cont'd)

The Group's currency exposure based on the information provided to key management at the reporting date is as follows:

| SGD  USD  EUR  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Financial assets  Other non-current assets  2  43  -  45  Trade and other receivables  1,645  -  -  1,645  Cash and bank balances  5,065  130  -  5,195  6,712  173  -  6,885  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (2,688)  (1,076)  (713)  (4,477)  Loans and borrowings  (5,547)  -  -  (5,547)  Lease liabilities  (2,006)  (289)  -  (2,295)  Amount due to a non-controlling  interest  (3,946)  -  -  (3,946)  (14,187)  (1,365)  (713)  (16,265)  Net financial assets/(liabilities)  (7,475)  (1,192)  (713)  (9,380)  (Less)/Add:  Net financial assets/(liabilities)  denominated in the Group entities'  functional currency  7,475  -  -  7,474  Currency exposure  -  (1,192)  (713)  (1,905)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (b) Foreign currency risk (cont'd)

The Group's currency exposure based on the information provided to key management at the reporting date is as follows: (cont'd)

| SGD  USD  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2021 (Restated)  Financial assets  Other non-current assets  6  43  49  Trade and other receivables  3  -  3  Cash and bank balances  7  337  344  16  380  396  Financial liabilities  Trade and other payables  (2,125)  (385)  (2,510)  Loans and borrowings  (35)  (450)  (485)  Lease liabilities  -  (512)  (512)  (2,160)  (1,347)  (3,507)  Net financial assets/(liabilities)  (2,144)  (967)  (3,111)  (Less)/Add:  Net financial assets/(liabilities) denominated in the  Group entities' functional currency  2,144  -  2,144  Currency exposure  -  (967)  (967)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Sensitivity analysis

No sensitivity  analysis  is  disclosed  in  the  financial  statements  as  management  considers  the impact of a reasonable strengthening/weakening of S$ against the USD/EUR., assuming that all other variables remain constant, at the reporting date is not material.

Management  considers  the  Company  has  no  exposure  to  foreign  currency  risk  as  the Company has no monetary assets and monetary liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at the reporting date.

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (c) Interest rate risk

Interest  rate  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  fair  value  or  future  cash  flows  of  the  Group's  and  the Company's financial instruments will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rates.

The Group's exposure to interest rates risk arises primarily from their loans and borrowings and  cash  at  banks.  The  Group's  policy  is  to  manage  interest  cost  by  maintaining  an appropriate mix of fixed and floating rate borrowings.

The  applicable  effective  interest  rates  of  the  Group's  loans  and  borrowings  are  disclosed in  Note  23.  No  sensitivity  analysis  is  disclosed  in  the  financial  statements  as  management considers there is no impact on the Group as its loans and borrowings are at fixed interest rates and therefore are not exposed to changes in market interest rates.

The Company does not have any significant interest-bearing borrowings or interest-earning assets that may expose the Company to interest rate risk.

## FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (d) Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group and the Company will encounter difficulty in meeting the financial obligations due to shortage of funds.

The Group's and the Company's exposure to liquidity risk arises primarily from mismatches of  the  maturities  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities.  The  Group's  and  the  Company's objective is  to  maintain  a  balance  of  continuity  of  funding  and  flexibility  through  the  use  of bank borrowings, where required.

Further details on the Group's/Company's going concern are disclosed in Note 3(b).

The table below summarises the maturity profile of the Group's/Company's financial liabilities at the reporting date based on contractual undiscounted repayment obligations.

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  Within  1 year  1-2  years  2-5  years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Trade and other  payables  4,477  4,477  4,477  -  -  Loans and borrowings  5,547  6,310  1,568  1,568  3,174  Lease liabilities  2,295  2,450  1,093  888  469  Amount due to a non-  controlling interest  3,946  4,150  1,383  1,383  1,384  16,265  17,387  8,521  3,839  5,027  2021 (Restated)  Trade and other  payables  2,510  2,510  2,510  -  -  Loans and borrowings  485  485  485  -  -  Lease liabilities  512  547  217  330  -  3,507  3,542  3,212  330  -  Company  2022  Trade and other  payables  6,041  6,041  6,041  -  -  Amount due to a non-  controlling interest  3,946  4,150  1,383  1,383  1,384  9,987  10,191  7,424  1,383  1,384   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 30 Financial Instruments (cont'd)

## Financial risk management (cont'd)

## (d) Liquidity risk (cont'd)

## Corporate guarantees

The table below shows the maximum amount of the corporate guarantees that are allocated to the earliest period in which these corporate guarantees could be called.

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  Within  1 year  Within 2 -  5 years  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Company  2022  Corporate guarantees  -  2,169,000  2,169,000  -  2021  Corporate guarantees  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  amount  for  corporate  guarantees  was  the  maximum  amount  the  Company  could  be forced  to  settle  under  the  arrangement  for  the  full  guaranteed  amount  if  that  amount  is claimed by the counterparty to the guarantee.

## Capital risk management

The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to ensure it maintains healthy capital  ratios  in  order  to  continue  as  a  going  concern  while  maximising  the  return  to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The Group's overall strategy remains unchanged from the previous financial year.

The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.

Management reviews the capital structure of the Group and makes adjustment to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. The Group monitors capital using gearing ratio. The Group's debt comprises loans and borrowings (including lease liabilities). Capital includes all capital and reserves of the Group that are managed as capital.

No quantitative disclosure is disclosed in the financial statements as it is not meaningful since the Group has/had deficit in shareholders' equity as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 31 Fair Value Measurements

Fair value hierarchy

The Group categories fair value measurement using a fair value hierarchy that is dependent on the valuation inputs used as follows:

- Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Group can access at the measurement date;
- Level  2:  Inputs  other  than  quoted  prices  included  within  Level  1  that  are  observable  for  the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and
- Level 3: Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

A number of the Group's accounting policies and disclosures require the determination of fair value, for  both  financial  and  non-financial  assets  and  liabilities.  Fair  values  have  been  determined  for measurement and/or disclosure purposes based on the following methods:

- (a) Management has determined that the carrying amounts of cash at bank, including deposits pledged, trade and receivables, inventories, other financial assets, trade and other payables and loans and borrowings on their notional amounts reasonably approximate their fair values because of their short-term nature.
- (b) The fair value of the employee share options and restricted share awards are measured using the Black-Scholes options-pricing model. Measurement inputs include the share price on the measurement date,  the  exercise  price  of  the  instrument,  expected  volatility  (based  on  an evaluation of the historic volatility of the Company's share price, particularly over the historical period commensurate with the expected term), expected term of the instruments (based on historical  experience  and  general  option  holder  behaviour),  expected  dividends,  and  the risk-free  interest  rate  (based  on  government  bonds).  Service  and  non-market  performance conditions attached to the transactions are not taken into account in determining fair value.
- (c) Other non-derivative financial liabilities  are  measured  at  fair  value  at  initial  recognition  and for disclosure purposes, at each reporting date. Fair value is calculated based on the present value of future principal and interest cash flows, discounted at the market rate of interest at the measurement date.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

Except  as  detailed  in  the  following  table  (Fair  value  hierarchy),  management  considers  that  the carrying  amounts of financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  recognised  in  the  financial  statements approximate their fair values.

| Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  S$'000  Group  2022  Financial liabilities  Amount due to a non-controlling interest  - Earn-Out Amount  -  -  (1,343)  (1,343)  2021  Financial liabilities  Amount due to a non-controlling interest  - Earn-Out Amount  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  fair  value  of  the  Earn-Out  Amount  included  in  level  3  above  has  been  determined  by discounting  expected  future  cash  flows  at  market  incremental  lending  rate  for  similar  types of  lending  or  borrowing  at  the  reporting  date.  No  sensitivity  analysis  is  disclosed  on  the  market incremental lending rate used as the impact is considered not material.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 32 Events Occurring After the Reporting Period

## (a) Proposed Share Placement

On  27  January  2023,  the  Company  announced  a  Proposed  Share  Placement  of  up  to 285,714,300  new  ordinary  shares  ('Placement  Shares')  of  the  Company  at  S$0.0035  per share,  which  the  Company will seek for shareholders' approval at the extraordinary general meeting  ('EGM')  to  be  convened  in  March  2023.  Subsequently,  on  2  March  2023,  the Company entered into a supplemental agreement with the placement agent to increase the number of Placement Shares to an aggregate of up to 571,428,600 new ordinary shares of the Company at S$0.0035 per share.

Following the receipt of the Company's shareholders approval at an EGM held on 27 March 2023  for  the  Proposed  Share  Placement,  the  share  placement  has  been  completed  on 28 March 2023 and the Company received a gross share placement proceeds of S$2.0 million.

## (b) Proposed Acquisition

On 2 February 2023, the Company entered into a Proposed Acquisition of the business of Three Dental Clinics under the name The Dental Hub, for a total cash consideration of S$1.65 million. The consideration will be funded by way of combination of internal cash resources and external financing. At the date of these financial statements, the Proposed Acquisition has not been completed.

## (c) Incorporation of subsidiaries

On 7 February 2023, the Company incorporated a subsidiary in Malaysia, Quantum Healthcare Holdings Sdn Bhd ('QHH'), with a 60% shareholding held by the Company and the remaining 40% shareholding held by a third party. The paid-up capital of QHH is RM100 (approximately S$30) and the principal activities of QHH is investment holding.

QHH subsequently incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary in Malaysia, Quantum Specialist Sdn Bhd ('QS'). The paid-up capital of QS is RM100 (approximately S$30) and the principal activities of QS is in the medical and wellness business.

## (d) Strategic Partnership Agreement

On 22 March 2023, the Company entered into a strategic partnership agreement with Hatten Edge Pte Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hatten Land Limited, for a collaborative effort to repurpose Imperio Mall@Hatten City, a property that is owned by Hatten Group in Melaka, Malaysia,  to  a  specialist  outpatient  centre.  Further  details  are  set  out  in  the  Company's announcement on 22 March 2023.

## 33 Comparative Figures

## (a) Group

## Corporate restructuring

As disclosed in Note 3(a), the Group resulting from the corporate restructuring is regarded as  a  continuing  entity  throughout  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  for  the financial year ended 31 December 2021 as the shareholders and management of the Group remain the same as those of QTV Group. Accordingly, the comparative figures of the Group are those of QTV Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.

## Change in presentation currency

The financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 were presented in US$. As disclosed in Note 3(a), the Group has changed the presentation currency of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  from  US$  to  S$  during  the  financial  year  ended 31 December 2022. Accordingly, the comparative figures were restated from US$ to S$ to conform with current year's presentation.

## (b) Company

There  are  no  comparative  figures  as  this  is  the  first  set  of  financial  statements  since  the incorporation of the Company on 30 May 2022.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 31 March 2023

ISSUED AND FULLY PAID UP CAPITAL :

S$234,229,829

NUMBER OF SHARES IN ISSUE :

7,464,501,108

CLASS OF SHARES :

ORDINARY SHARES

VOTING RIGHTS :

ONE VOTE PER ORDINARY SHARE

The Company does not have any treasury shares.

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 31 MARCH 2023

| SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS  NO. OF  SHAREHOLDERS  %  NO. OF  SHARES  %  1 - 99  12  0.34  391  0.00  100 - 1,000  41  1.18  27,066  0.00  1,001 - 10,000  414  11.88  3,1762,484  0.04  10,001 - 1,000,000  2,700  77.48  556,410,516  7.46  1,000,001 AND ABOVE  318  9.12  6,904,890,651  92.50  TOTAL  3,485  100.00  7,464,501,108  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TWENTY LARGEST SHAREHOLDERS

| NO.  SHAREHOLDER'S NAME  NUMBER OF  SHARES HELD  %  1  THOMAS TAN GIM CHUA  1,671,296,804  22.39  2  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  1,409,345,126  18.88  3  CHONG LEONG FAH DERRICK  1,132,480,974  15.17  4  GIAN SIONG LIN JIMMY (YAN XIANGLIN JIMMY)  417,777,778  5.60  5  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  321,989,916  4.31  6  KENJI CHIN CHOON TSZE (CHEN ZUNZHI)  212,539,200  2.85  7  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  107,643,622  1.44  8  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE) LIMITED  101,045,484  1.35  9  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  58,375,800  0.78  10  TAN KIAN HING  58,000,000  0.78  11  UOB KAY HIAN PTE LTD  53,505,318  0.72  12  TEO SENG WAH  45,714,300  0.61  13  LIM CHYE HUAT @ BOBBY LIM CHYE HUAT  43,557,100  0.58  14  EITAN KONSTANTINO  43,328,460  0.58  15  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LTD  39,208,243  0.53  16  HO BENG SIANG  34,500,000  0.46  17  SOLIGNY BRUNO LUDOVIC  31,900,100  0.43  18  IFAST FINANCIAL PTE LTD  31,045,100  0.42  19  CHEN YUEHUA  30,000,000  0.40  20  LIM SING TAT  28,571,400  0.38  TOTAL  5,871,824,725  78.66   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 31 March 2023

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDER AS PER REGISTER OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS

| No.  Name  No. of shares  held as Direct  %  No. of shares  held as Deemed  %  1  Thomas Tan Gim Chua  1,671,296,804  22.39  27,424,658 (2)  0.37  2  Quek Chin Thean (1)  1,277,777,778  17.12  24,572,372 (2)  0.33  3  Chong Leong Fah Derrick  1,132,480,974  15.17  -  -  4  Gian Siong Lin Jimmy (3)  418,977,778  5.61  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) 1,277,777,778 shares are held in the name of CGS-CIMB Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd.

- (2) Thomas Tan Gim Chua is deemed to be interested in 27,424,658 shares and Quek Chin Thean is deemed to be interested in 24,572,372 shares (collectively, ' the shares ') held in Emerald Apex Pte. Ltd.  and  MDIE Pte. Ltd. pursuant to Section 7 of Companies Act 1967, as they have entered into an sale and purchase agreement with Emerald Apex Pte. Ltd. and MDIE Pte. Ltd to purchase the shares. The shares have yet to be transferred pending payment and processing of the transfer.
- (3) 1,200,000 shares are held separately in the name of Phillip Securities Pte Ltd.

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN THE HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based on the information available to the Company as at 31 March 2023, approximately 38.98% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company was held in the hands of the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual (Section B: Rules of Catalist) of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, is complied with.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE  IS  HEREBY  GIVEN  that  the  Annual  General  Meeting  (' AGM ')  of  QUANTUM  HEALTHCARE LIMITED (the ' Company '  and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ')  will  be  held  at  10:00  a.m.  on Thursday, 27 April 2023, at Lifelong Learning Institute, 11 Eunos Road 8, Singapore 408601, Room TR1-1 for the purposes of considering and, if though fit, passing with or without amendments, the resolutions as set out below (' Notice ').

## AS ORDINARY BUSINESS

| 1. To  receive  and  adopt  the  Directors'  Statement  and  the  Audited  Financial Statements  for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022  together  with  the Independent Auditor's Report thereon. (Resolution 1)  2. To  re-elect  Sho  Kian  Hin  who  was  appointed  on  30  May  2022  and  is  retiring pursuant  to  Article  114  and  Article  110  of  the  Company's  constitution (' Constitution ') as a director of the Company (' Director '). (Resolution 2)  See Explanatory Note (i)  3. To  re-elect  Ng  Boon  Eng  who  was  appointed  on  30  May  2022  and  is  retiring pursuant to Article 114 and Article 110 of the Company's Constitution as a Director of the Company. (Resolution 3)  See Explanatory Note (ii)  4. To re-elect  Thomas Tan Gim Chua who was appointed on 30 May 2022 and is retiring pursuant to Article 114 of the Company's Constitution as a Director of the Company. (Resolution 4)  See Explanatory Note (iii)  5. To re-elect Ng Fook Ai Victor who was appointed on 30 May 2022 and is retiring pursuant  to  Article  114  of  the  Company's  Constitution  as  a  Director  of  the Company. (Resolution 5)  See Explanatory Note (iv)  6. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  fees  of  S$145,000  for  the  financial  year ended on 31 December 2022 (FY2021: US$146,584 approximately S$195,177). (Resolution 6)  See Explanatory Note (v)  7. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  fees  of  S$145,000  for  the  financial  year ending on 31 December 2023 to be paid quarterly in arrears. (Resolution 7)  See Explanatory Note (vi)  8. To re-appoint Moore Stephens LLP as the Company's Auditors and to authorise the Directors to fix the remuneration. (Resolution 8)  9. To  transact  any  other  ordinary  business  that  may  be  properly  transacted  at  an annual general meeting.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## AS SPECIAL BUSINESS

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following resolutions as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without any modifications:

## 10. Authority to Allot and Issue Shares

That  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act  1967  of  Singapore (' Companies Act ') and Rule 806 of the Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist of  the  Singapore  Exchange  Securities  Trading  Limited  (' Catalist  Rules '),  the Directors be empowered to:

- (a) allot and issue shares in the capital of the Company (' Shares ')  whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
- (b) make or grant offers,  agreements  or  options  (collectively,  ' Instruments ') that  might  or  would  require  Shares  to  be  issued,  including  but  not  limited to  the  creation  and  issue  of  (as  well  as  adjustments  to)  options,  warrants, debentures or other Instruments convertible into Shares;

At  any  time  and  upon  such  terms  and  conditions  and  for  such  purposes  and  to such  persons  as  the  Directors  may,  in  their  absolute  discretion  deem  fit  and, notwithstanding  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution  may  have  ceased  to be in force, issue Shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force, provided that:

- (a) the aggregate number of shares (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of  the  Instruments,  made  or  granted  pursuant  to  this  Resolution)  to  be issued  pursuant  to  this  Resolution  shall  not  exceed  one  hundred  percent (100%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary  holdings)  (as  calculated  in  accordance  with  sub-paragraph  (b) below), of which the aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company shall not exceed fifty  percent  (50%) of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares  and  subsidiary  holdings)  (as  calculated  in  accordance  with  subparagraph (b) below) or such other limit as may be prescribed by the Catalist Rules as at the date this Resolution is passed;
- (b) subject to such calculation as may be prescribed by the Singapore Exchange Securities  Trading  Limited  (' SGX-ST '),  for  the  purpose  of  determining  the aggregate number of Shares that may be issued under sub-paragraph (a) above,  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury  shares  and subsidiary  holdings)  shall  be  based  on  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time of the passing of this Resolution, after adjusting for:
- (i) new Shares arising from the conversion or exercise of any convertible securities;
- (ii) new Shares arising from exercising of share options or vesting of share awards  which  are  outstanding  or  subsisting  at  the  time  of  passing of  this  Resolution,  provided  the  options  or  awards  were  granted  in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Catalist Rules; and

(Resolution 9)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (iii) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares;

any adjustments in accordance with (i) and (ii) are only to be made in respect of  new  Shares  arising  from  convertible  securities,  share  options  or  share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time of the passing of this Resolution.

- (c) In  exercising  the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution,  the  Company  shall comply with the provisions of the Catalist Rules for the time being in force (unless  such  compliance is  waived  by  the  SGX-ST)  and  the  Constitution  of the Company; and
- (d) Unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the  Company  in  a  general  meeting,  such authority  shall  continue  in  force  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  annual general  meeting  of  the  Company  or  the  date  by  which  the  next  annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is the earlier.

See Explanatory Note (vii)

## 11. Authority to allot  and  issue  shares  under  2014  QTV  Employee  Share  Option Scheme, QT Vascular Ltd 2013 Share Plan and the TriReme Medical, LLC 2005 Stock Plan (collectively, the 'Option Schemes'). (Resolution 10)

That pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, authority be and is hereby given to the Directors to allot and issue from time to time such number of fully paid-up  Shares  as  may  be  required  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  the  exercise  of options  granted  under  the  Option  Schemes  (' Options '),  such  authority  (unless revoked or varied by the company in a general meeting) to continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.

See Explanatory Note (viii)

## 12. Authority to allot and issue shares under the QT Vascular Restricted Share Plan 2015 (the 'Share Plan') (Resolution 11)

THAT the directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to:

- (a) Grant awards of Shares (' Awards ') in accordance with the provisions of the Share Plan as from time to time amended, modified or supplemented and approved by shareholders in a general meeting;
- (b) Pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, allot and issue from time to time such number of fully paid-up Shares as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the exercise of the Awards; and
- (c) (notwithstanding the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to  be  in  force),  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act,  allot  and issue fully paid-up Shares pursuant to the exercise of any Award granted by the Directors in accordance with the Share Plan while this Resolution was in force,

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

such authority to continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held whichever is the earlier.

See Explanatory Note (ix)

## By Order of the Board

Lee Pih Peng Company Secretary 12 April 2023

## Explanatory Notes:

- (i) Article 114 of the Constitution requires Directors who were appointed to fill a causal vacancy to hold office only until the next annual general meeting of the Company and as all the existing Directors of the Company were appointed in conjunction with the incorporation of the Company on 30 May 2022 and the upcoming AGM is the first AGM of the Company, all the existing Directors of the Company are seeking re-election pursuant to Article 114 of the Constitution, including Sho Kian Hin and Ng Boon Eng who will be seeking re-election pursuant to Article 110 of the Constitution which provides for retirement and re-election of Directors by rotation on an annual basis at each annual general meeting of the Company.

Resolution 2, if  passed,  will  re-appoint  Sho  Kian  Hin,  as  Director  of  the  Company.  Sho  Kian  Hin, who was appointed on 30 May 2022, will retire and seek re-appointment pursuant to Article 114 and Article 110 of the Company's Constitution at the upcoming AGM which will be the first AGM of  the  Company. Sho Kian Hin is an independent non-executive Director. Sho Kian Hin will, upon re-election,  remain  as  the  Chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  a  member  of  the  Remuneration Committee. The Board considers Sho Kian Hin to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. Further information on Sho Kian Hin is set out under the sections entitled 'Board of Directors' and 'Report on Corporate Governance' of the Company's annual report.

- (ii) Resolution 3, if passed, will re-appoint Ng Boon Eng, as Director of the Company. Ng Boon Eng, who was appointed on 30 May 2022, will retire and seek re-appointment pursuant to Article 114 and Article 110 of the Company's Constitution at the upcoming AGM which will be the first AGM of the Company. Ng Boon Eng is an independent non-executive Director. Ng Boon Eng will upon the re-election, remain as a Chairman of the Nominating Committee and member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees. The Board considers Ng Boon Eng to be independent for the purpose of  Rule  704(7)  of  the  Catalist  Rules.  Further  information  on  Ng  Boon  Eng  is  set  out  under  the sections entitled  'Board of Directors' and 'Report on Corporate Governance' of the Company's annual report.
- (iii) Resolution 4, if passed, will re-appoint Thomas Tan Gim Chua, as Director of the Company. Thomas Tan Gim Chua, who was appointed on 30 May 2022, will retire and seek re-appointment pursuant to Article 114 of the Company's Constitution at the upcoming AGM which will be the first AGM of the Company. Thomas Tan Gim Chua is an executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company. Thomas Tan Gim Chua will upon the re-election, remain as a member of the Nominating Committee. Further information on Thomas Tan Gim Chua is set out under the sections entitled 'Board of Directors' and 'Report on Corporate Governance' of the Company's annual report.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (iv) Resolution 5, if  passed,  will  re-appoint  Ng  Fook  Ai  Victor,  as  Director  of  the  Company.  Ng  Fook Ai  Victor  who  was  appointed  on  30  May  2022,  will  retire  and  seek  re-appointment  pursuant  to Article 114 of the Company's Constitution at the upcoming AGM which will be the first AGM of the Company. Ng Fook Ai Victor is an independent non-executive Director. Ng Fook Ai Victor will upon the re-election, remain as independent non-executive Chairman of the Board and the Remuneration Committee, and a member of the Audit and Nominating Committees. The Board considers Ng Fook Ai Victor to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(7) of the Catalist Rules. Further information on Ng Fook Ai Victor is set out under the sections entitled 'Board of Directors' and 'Report on Corporate Governance' of the Company's annual report.
- (v) Resolution 6, if  passed, will  allow  for  payment  of  the  Directors'  fees  payable  to  the  non-executive Directors for  the  financial  year  ended  31  December  2022,  which  has  been  computed based on a basic  fee  and  the  number  of  chairmanships  and  memberships  held  on  the  Board  and  the  Board committees of the Company, and pro-rated for the period from the date of their appointment on 30 May 2022 up to and including 31 December 2022 as well as to include compensation for their services rendered in respect of the tenure of their appointment on the board and board committees of  QT  Vascular  Ltd  (which  was  formerly  listed  and  became  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  the Company following the completion of the Scheme (as defined below)) for the period commencing from 1 January 2022 up to and including 29 July 2022. The amount of Directors' fees of S$195,177 paid  to  the  non-executive  Directors  for  FY2021  was  compensation  for  their  services  rendered  in respect of the tenure of their appointment on the Board and Board committees of QT Vascular Ltd for the period commencing from 1 January 2021 up to and including 31 December 2021.
- (vi) Resolution  7,  if  passed,  will  allow  for  payment  of  Directors'  fees  in  respect  of  the  financial  year ending 31 December 2023, payable quarterly in arrears which will be computed based on a basic fee and the number of chairmanships and memberships held on Board and the Board committees of the Company and assuming that all non-executive Directors will hold office for the full year. The Directors'  fees  payable  to  the  non-executive  Director  shall  be  pro-rated  accordingly  should  any Director cease to hold office prior to the end of the financial year ending 31 December 2023.
- (vii) Resolution 9, if  passed,  will  empower the Directors from the date of the Annual General Meeting until  (a)  the  conclusion  of  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company,  or  (b)  the  date  by which  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  is  required  to  be  held  pursuant  to  the Constitution of the Company or any applicable laws of Singapore, or (c) it is carried out to the full extent mandated, or (d) the date on which such authority is varied or revoked by ordinary resolution of  the  shareholders in a general meeting, whichever is the earliest, to issue Shares, make or grant Instruments  convertible  into  Shares  and  to  issue  Shares  pursuant  to  such  Instruments,  up  to  an amount not exceeding, in total,  one  hundred  percent  (100%)  of  the  issued  Share  capital  of  the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings), of which up to fifty percent (50%) may be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company.
- (viii) Pursuant to the scheme of arrangement under Section 210 of the Companies Act, which was carried out  on  the  terms  of  the  scheme  document  dated  1  June  2022  (' Scheme '),  the  Company  had assumed all liabilities and obligations of QT Vascular Ltd, its wholly-owned subsidiary, in connection with the outstanding Options granted by QT Vascular Ltd to the Options holders under the Option Schemes. Resolution 10, if  passed,  will  empower  the  Directors,  from  the  date  of  the  AGM  until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied and revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and issue Shares to holders of outstanding Options which were awarded under the Option Schemes pursuant to the exercise of such outstanding Options.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (ix) Pursuant to the Scheme, the Company had assumed all liabilities and obligations of QT Vascular Ltd, its wholly-owned subsidiary in connection with the outstanding Awards granted by QT Vascular Ltd to  the  Awards holders under the Share Plan. Resolution 11, if passed, will empower the Directors, from the date of the AGM until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or  the  date  by  which  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  is  required  by  law  to  be held or such authority is varied and revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to (i) grant awards under the terms of the Share Plan and (ii) allot and issue Shares pursuant to the vesting of the Awards to be granted under the Share Plan.

## Notes:

1. The Annual General Meeting ('AGM') will be held at Room TR1-1 11 Eunos Road 8, Singapore 408601 on Thursday, 27 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. There will  be  no  option  for  Shareholders  to participate  virtually. Printed copies of this Notice and the Proxy Form and any other documents related to the AGM including the Annual Report will not be sent to members. Instead, this Notice, and the Proxy Form will be made available to members on the website of the SGX-ST at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and may be accessed at the Company's website at the URL https://www.quantumhealthcare.com.sg/
2. A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies. Where such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument.
3. A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share or shares held by such member. Where a relevant intermediary appoints more than 2 proxies, separate Proxy Forms should be used.
4. ' Relevant Intermediary ' has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181(6) of the Companies Act.
5. Members (whether individuals or corporates) exercising their voting rights at the AGM may do so by attending and voting at the AGM themselves personally or through their duly appointed proxy(ies) or may appoint the Chairman of the AGM as their proxy to attend, speak and vote on their behalf at  the  AGM.  In  appointing  the  Chairman  of  the  AGM  as  proxy,  members  (whether  individuals  or corporates) must give specific instructions as to voting, or abstentions from voting, in the form of proxy, failing which the appointment will be treated as invalid.
6. SRS Investors  who  wish  to  appoint  the  Chairman  of  the  AGM  (and  not  third-party  proxy(ies))  as proxy should approach their SRS operators to submit their votes by 10:00 a.m. (Singapore Time) on 18 April 2023. Operators acting on the request of SRS Investors who wish to attend the AGM as observers are required to submit in writing, a list with details of the investors' names, NRIC/Passport numbers, addresses and numbers of shares held. The list, signed by an authorised signatory of the operator, should reach the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services at  80  Robinson Road #02-00, Singapore 068898 or be scanned and sent to the Company's Share Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share  Registration  Services  by  email  at  sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com, not later than seventy-two (72) hours before the time set for the AGM.
7. A proxy, including the Chairman of the AGM, need not be a member of the Company.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

8. The duly executed instrument appointing a proxy (including an instrument appointing the Chairman of the AGM as proxy) must:
2. (a) if sent personally or by post, be received by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services at 80 Robinson Road #02-00, Singapore 068898; and
3. (b) if  submitted by email, be received by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services by email at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com,

in either case no later than 10:00 a.m. on 24 April 2023, and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid. A member who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the Proxy Form, before submitting it by post to the address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

9. The instrument appointing a proxy must be signed by the appointor or his attorney duly authorised in  writing.  Where  the  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  is  executed  by  a  corporation,  it  must  be executed  either  under  its  common  seal  or  signed  on  its  behalf  by  a  duly  authorised  officer  or attorney. A copy of the power of attorney or such other authority must be submitted together with the instrument appointing a proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
10. In  the  case  of  shares  entered  in  the  Depository  Register,  the  Company  may  reject  an  instrument proxy if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have Shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.
11. Shareholders may submit questions which are substantial and relevant to the proposed resolutions tabled for approval at the AGM as set out in this Notice, by writing to the Company in advance of the  AGM. Alternatively, Shareholders may also pose such questions during the AGM. Substantial and  relevant  questions  related  to  the  agenda  of  the  AGM  must  be  submitted  in  the  following manner:
4. (a) via email at ir.sg@quantumhealthcare.com.sg; or
5. (b) via post to the business office of the Company at 130 Joo Seng Road, Singapore 368357

in either case, by 10:00 a.m. on 20 April 2023 for the purposes of the AGM.

12. For  verification  purposes,  when  submitting  any  questions  via  email,  members  MUST  provide the  Company  with  their  particulars  (comprising  full  name  (for  individuals)/company  name  (for corporates), email address, contact number, NRIC/passport number/company registration number, shareholding type and number of shares held), failing which the submission will be treated as invalid.
13. The Company will endeavour to address the substantial and relevant questions (as determined by the Company in its sole discretion) pertinent to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM as  received  from  Shareholders by 10 a.m. on 22 April 2023 (that is, at least 48 hours prior to the closing  date  and  time  for  the  lodgment  of  the  instrument  of  proxy).  For  substantial  and  relevant comments, queries and/or questions which the Company is unable to address prior to the AGM, the Company will address them at the AGM.
14. The Company will, within one month after the date of the AGM, publish the minutes of the AGM on SGXNet and the Company's website. The minutes will include the responses to the substantial and relevant questions raised during the AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

15. The  Company  shall  be  entitled  to  reject  the  instrument  appointing  a  proxy  if  it  is  incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the proxy (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy).

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY:

By submitting a Proxy Form appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at  the  AGM and/or any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the member's personal data by the Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives appointed for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its agents) to comply with any applicable laws, listing rules, regulations and/or guidelines (collectively,  the  ' Purposes '),  (ii)  warrants  that  where  the  member  discloses  the  personal  data  of  the member's proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents), the member has obtained the prior consent of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the collection, use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of the personal data of such proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes, and (iii) agrees that the member will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities, claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member's breach of warranty.

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

Mr Sho Kian Hin, Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua, Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor and Mr Ng Boon Eng are the Directors seeking re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company to be convened at 10:00 a.m. on Thursday, 27 April 2023 (' AGM ') (the ' Retiring Directors ').

Pursuant to Rule 720(5) of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST, the information relating to the retiring Directors as set out in Appendix 7F of the Catalist Rules of the SGX-ST are disclosed below:

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  Date of Appointment  30 May 2022  30 May 2022  30 May 2022  30 May 2022  Date of last re-  appointment  N/A  N/A  N/A  N/A  Age  54  50  75  52  Country of principal  residence  Malaysia  Singapore  Singapore  Singapore  The Board's comments  on this appointment  (including rationale,  selection criteria, and the  search and nomination  process)  The re-election of Mr  Sho Kian Hin as the  Independent Director  of the Company was  recommended by the  NC and the Board  has accepted the  recommendation, after  taking into consideration  his qualifications,  expertise, past  experiences and overall  contribution since he was  appointed as a Director  of the Company. Mr Sho  Kian Hin is considered  independent for the  purposes of Catalist Rule  704(7).  The re-election of Mr  Thomas Tan Gim Chua  as the Executive Director  and Chief Executive  Officer of the Company  was recommended by  the NC and the Board  has accepted the  recommendation, after  taking into consideration  his qualifications,  expertise, past  experiences and overall  contribution since he was  appointed as a Director of  the Company.  The re-election of Mr  Ng Fook Ai as the  Independent Chairman  of the Company was  recommended by the  NC and the Board  has accepted the  recommendation, after  taking into consideration  his qualifications,  expertise, past  experiences and overall  contribution since he  was appointed as a  Director of the Company.  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor is  considered independent  for the purposes of  Catalist Rule 704(7).  The re-election of Mr  Ng Boon Eng as the  Independent Director  of the Company was  recommended by the  NC and the Board  has accepted the  recommendation, after  taking into consideration  his qualifications,  expertise, past  experiences and overall  contribution since he was  appointed as a Director  of the Company. Mr Ng  Boon Eng is considered  independent for the  purposes of Catalist Rule  704(7).  Whether appointment is  executive, and if so, the  area of responsibility  Non-Executive  Executive. Primarily  responsible for the  business development  and overall management  of the Group.  Non-Executive  Non-Executive  Job Title (e.g. Lead  ID, AC Chairman, AC  member etc.)  Chairman of the Audit  Committee and member  of the Remuneration  Committee  Chief Executive Officer  and Member of the  Nominating Committee  Independent Chairman,  Chairman of the  Remuneration Committee  and member of the  Audit Committee and  Nominating Committee  Chairman of the  Nominating Committee  and member of the  Audit Committee and  Remuneration Committee  Professional qualifications  Fellow Member of  Association of Chartered  Certified Accountants  Bachelor of Engineering  from Nanyang  Technological University  Bachelor of Science  (Honours) in Economics  from University of London  Master of Science in  Economics from Birkbeck  College, University of  London  Bachelor of Engineering  (Electrical) (Honours) from  Nanyang Technological  University  Chartered Valuer and  Appraiser (CVA)  Working experience and  occupation(s) during the  past 10 years  1.  China Farm  Equipment Limited,  Board Member and  Chief Financial Officer  from 2007 to 2013  2.  Hunan Longzhou  Farm Equipment  Holdings Co.,  Ltd, Corporate  Development  Director from 2013 to  2017  1.  Ridgeline Technology  Pte Ltd, Managing  Director from 2000 to  present  2.  Awesome Food  Holdings Pte Ltd,  Director from 2004 to  2021  3.  Ridgeline  Engineering Pte Ltd,  Director from 2004 to  2021  1.  DConstruct Systems  Pte Ltd, Director in  2018  2.  Millet World Trading  Post Private Limited,  Director from 2018 to  2020  3.  Millet Capital Private  Limited, Director from  2018 to 2020  1.  RHB Securities  Singapore Pte. Ltd  (formerly known as  DMG &amp; Partners  Securities Pte. Ltd.),  Director, Head of  Corporate Finance  from 2011 to 2017   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  Working experience and  occupation(s) during the  past 10 years  3.  QT Vascular Ltd,  Independent Non-  Executive Director,  from 2015 to Feb  2023  4.  China Farm  Equipment Pte. Ltd,  Board member from  2013 to present  5.  Hartanah Kencana  Sdn Bhd, Board  Member from 2013 to  present  6.  OUE Lippo  Healthcare Limited,  Board Member from  2017 to present  7.  Choo Chiang  Holdings Ltd., Board  Member from 2018 to  present  8.  Versalink Holdings  Limited, Board  Member from 2021 to  present  9.  Sim Leisure Group  Ltd, Board Member  from 2022 to present  4.  White Water Capital  Pte Ltd, Executive  Director from 2004 to  present  5.  Intex Fabric Sdn  Bhd, Non-Executive  Director from 2009 to  present  6.  Lifeline Corporation  Pty Ltd, Non-  Executive Director  from 2016 to present  7.  Perpetual Insurance  Agency Pte Ltd, Chief  Executive Officer  from 2017 to present  8.  Folomi (S) Pte Ltd,  Non-Executive  Director from 2018 to  present  9.  Lifeline Corporation  Pte Ltd, Chief  Executive Officer  from 2019 to  present  10.  Lifeline Wellness Pte  Ltd, Non-Executive  Director from 2018 to  present  11.  Lifeline Holdings Pte  Ltd, Non-Executive  Director from 2018 to  present  12.  Ezwills Pte Ltd, Non-  Executive Director  from 2018 to present  13.  Lifeline Innovator Sdn  Bhd, Non-Executive  Director from 2018 to  present  14.  Lifelab Pte Ltd, Non-  Executive Director  from 2020 to present  15.  Arona Industrial  Products Pte Ltd,  Non-Executive  Director from 2020 to  present  16.  Lifeline Healthcare  Pte Ltd, Non-  Executive Director  from 2020 to present  17.  Asia Dental Group  Pte Ltd, Director from  2022 to present  4.  Ocision Pte Ltd,  Director from 2017 to  2021  5.  LI TV Asia Pte Ltd,  Director from 2017 to  2019  6.  Star Publications  (Singapore) Pte Ltd,  Director from 2017 to  2021  7.  Sun Resources  Holdings Pte Ltd,  Director from 2017 to  2020  8.  Director of Laviani  Pte Ltd from 2017 to  2019  9.  SG Makers  Association Ltd,  Director from 2017 to  2018  10.  Cityneon Holdings  Limited (NKA  Cityneon Holdings  Pte Ltd), Lead  Independent Director  from 2016 to 2017  11.  SB REIT Management  Pte Ltd, Independent  Director from 2015 to  2021  12.  Global Arena Asia  Pte Ltd, Director from  2015 to present  13.  SHC Capital Asia  Limited (NKA  Memories Group  Limited), Lead  Independent Director  from 2014 to 2017  14.  1Rockstead GIP  Fund II Pte Ltd, Non-  Executive Director  from 2013 to 2018  15.  Nee Soon Social  Enterprise Limited,  Non-Executive  Chairman and  Director from 2013 to  2020  16.  Jiahui New Climate  Holdings Pte Ltd,  Director from 2013 to  2015  17.  New Climate Pte  Ltd, Non-Executive  Director from 2013 to  2015  2.  CEL Impetus  Corporate Finance  Pte. Ltd., Chief  Executive Officer and  Director from 2017 to  present  3.  QT Vascular Ltd,  Independent Non-  Executive Director,  from 2021 to Feb  2023   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  18.  Kairogenix Pte Ltd,  Director from 2022 to  present  19.  QT Vascular Ltd,  Executive Director  and Chief Executive  Officer from 2022 to  present  20.  Quantum Healthcare  Holding Sdn Bhd  Director from Feb  2023 to present  21.  Quantum Specialist  Sdn Bhd Director  from Feb 2023 to  present  18.  JH Global Resources  Pte Ltd, Director from  2013 to 2015  19.  Grand Canal Property  Pte Ltd, Director from  2013 to 2014  20.  1Rockstead GIP Fund  Ltd, Non-Executive  Director, Non-  Executive Chairman  from 2010 to 2018  21.  MY E G Services Bhd,  Independent Director  from 2008 to 2017  22.  Devotion Energy  Group Limited,  Independent  Chairman from 2002  to 2014  23.  Mercur Business  Control Asia Pte Ltd,  Director from 1999 to  2017  24.  London Asia Capital  Co Ltd, Director from  2003 to 2017  25.  Asia Power  Corporation Limited,  Independent Director  from 1999 to 2014  26.  QT Vascular Ltd,  Independent Non-  Executive Chairman  from 2022 to present  Shareholding interest in  the listed issuer and its  subsidiaries  Direct interest: 60 shares,  representing less than  0.01%  331,631 Share Awards  under the QT Vascular  Ltd Restricted Share Plan  2015  Direct interest:  1,671,296,804  shares representing  approximately 22.39%  Deemed interest:  27,424,658 shares  representing  approximately 0.37%  Direct interest: 2,000,000  shares approximately  0.03%  Nil  Any relationship  (including immediate  family relationships) with  any existing director,  existing executive  officer, the issue and/or  substantial shareholder of  the listed issue or of any  of its principal subsidiaries  No  No  No  No  Conflict of Interest  (including any competing  business)  No  No  No  No  Undertaking (in the format  set out in Appendix 7H)  under Rule 720(1) has  been submitted to the  listed issuer  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  Past (for the last 5 years)  1.  MA China Medical  Facilities Pte. Ltd.  2.  MA Investment  Holdings Pte. Ltd.  3.  QT Vascular Ltd  1.  Awesome Food  Holdings Pte Ltd  2.  Ridgeline  Engineering Pte Ltd  1.  DConstruct Systems  Pte Ltd  2.  Millet World Trading  Post Private Limited  3.  Millet Capital Private  Limited  4.  Ocision Pte Ltd  5.  LI TV Asia Pte Ltd  6.  Star Publications  (Singapore) Pte Ltd  7.  Sun Resources  Holdings Pte Ltd  8.  Laviani Pte Ltd  9.  SG Makers  Association Ltd  10.  Cityneon Holdings  Limited (NKA  Cityneon Holdings  Pte Ltd)  11.  SB REIT  Management Pte Ltd  (Soilbuild Business  Space REIT)  12.  SHC Capital Asia  Limited (NKA  Memories Group  Limited)  13.  1Rockstead GIP Fund  II Pte Ltd  14.  Nee Soon Social  Enterprise Limited  15.  1Rockstead GIP Fund  Ltd  16.  MY E G Services Bhd  17.  Mercur Business  Control Asia Pte Ltd  18.  London Asia Capital  Co Ltd  1.  QT Vascular Ltd  Present  1.  Choo Chiang  Holdings Ltd.  2.  Hartanah Kencana  Sdn Bhd  3.  OUE Lippo  Healthcare Limited  4.  Versalink Holdings  Limited  5.  China Farm  Equipment Pte Ltd  6.  Sim Leisure Group  Ltd  1.  White Water Capital  Pte Ltd  2.  Intex Fabric Sdn Bhd  3.  Lifeline Corporation  Pty Ltd  4.  Perpetual Insurance  Agency Pte Ltd  5.  Ridgeline Technology  Pte Ltd  6.  Folomi (S) Pte Ltd  7.  Lifeline Corporation  Pte Ltd  8.  Lifeline Wellness Pte  Ltd  9.  Lifeline Holdings Pte  Ltd  10.  Ezwills Pte Ltd  11.  Lifeline Innovator  Sdn Bhd  12.  Lifelab Pte Ltd  13.  Arona Industrial  Products Pte Ltd  14.  Lifeline Healthcare  Pte Ltd  15.  Asia Dental Group  Pte Ltd  16.  Kairogenix Pte Ltd  17.  QT Vascular Ltd  18.  Quantum Healthcare  Holdings Sdn Bhd  19.  Quantum Specialist  Sdn Bhd  1.  Wosh.World  Holdings Pte Ltd  2.  Blue Monsoon Pte  Ltd  3.  The Mediciwatermark  Pte Ltd  4.  Healthbank Holdings  Limited  5.  Millet World Private  Limited  6.  The Place Holdings  Limited  7.  Millet Holdings  Private Limited  8.  Caregiver Group Pte  Ltd  9.  Futsalarena @ Yishun  Limited  10.  Sunshine 100 China  Holdings Ltd  11.  SHC Investments Ltd  12.  Soilbuild  Construction Group  Ltd  13.  QT Vascular Ltd  1.  CEL Impetus  Corporate Finance  Pte. Ltd.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  (a)  Whether at any time  during the last 10  years, an application  or a petition under  any bankruptcy law of  any jurisdiction was  filed against him or  against a partnership  of which he was a  partner at the time  when he was a  partner or at any time  within 2 years from  the date he ceased to  be a partner?  No  No  No  No  (b)  Whether at any time  during the last 10  years, an application  or a petition under  any law of any  jurisdiction was filed  against an entity (not  being a partnership)  of which he was  a director or  an  equivalent person  or a  key executive,  at the time when he  was a director or an  equivalent person  or a key executive  of that entity or  at any time within  2 years from the  date he ceased to  be a director or an  equivalent person  or a key executive  of that entity, for  the winding up or  dissolution of that  entity or, where that  entity is the trustee of  a business trust, that  business trust, on the  ground of insolvency?  No  No  No  No  (c)  Whether there is any  unsatisfied judgment  against him?  No  No  No  No  (d)  Whether he has  ever been convicted  of any offence,  in Singapore or  elsewhere, involving  fraud or dishonesty  which is punishable  with imprisonment,  or has been the  subject of any  criminal proceedings  (including any  pending criminal  proceedings of which  he is aware) for such  purpose?  No  No  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  (e)  Whether he has  ever been convicted  of any offence,  in Singapore or  elsewhere, involving  a breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement that  relates to the  securities or futures  industry in Singapore  or elsewhere, or has  been the subject  of any criminal  proceedings  (including any  pending criminal  proceedings of which  he is aware) for such  breach?  No  No  No  No  (f)  Whether at any time  during the last 10  years, judgment  has been entered  against him in any  civil proceedings  in Singapore or  elsewhere involving  a breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement that  relates to the  securities or futures  industry in Singapore  or elsewhere, or  a finding of fraud,  misrepresentation  or dishonesty on his  part, or he has been  the subject  of any  civil proceedings  (including any  pending civil  proceedings of which  he is aware) involving  an allegation of fraud,  misrepresentation  or dishonesty on his  part?  No  No  No  No  (g)  Whether he has  ever been convicted  in Singapore or  elsewhere of any  offence in connection  with the formation  or management of  any entity or business  trust?  No  No  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  (h)  Whether he has ever  been disqualified  from acting as  a director or an  equivalent person of  any entity (including  the trustee of a  business trust), or  from taking part  directly or indirectly  in the management  of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  No  No  (i)  Whether he has ever  been the subject of  any order, judgment  or ruling of any  court, tribunal or  governmental body,  permanently or  temporarily enjoining  him from engaging in  any type of business  practice or activity?  No  No  No  No  (j)  Whether he has ever,  to his knowledge,  been concerned with  the management or  conduct, in Singapore  or elsewhere, of the  affairs of:  i.  any corporation  which has been  investigated for  a breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations in  Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No  Yes  1.  Special Audit of Asia  Power Corporation  Limited ('  Asia  Power  ')  Mr Ng was the Chairman  of the Audit Committee  at the time of the matter  in 2013. Notwithstanding,  Mr Ng confirmed that  there were no known  material weaknesses of  internal controls prior to  the incident. The forgery  and wrongful withdrawal  of funds was carried outby  Asia Power's then financial  controller, who admitted  to the wrongdoing  and was terminated  with immediate effect.  Furthermore, Mr Ng  represented that he  initiated the special audit  once this matter had  surfaced, and the special  audit concluded with  additional controls to be  implemented.  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  2.  Public reprimand of  MY E.G. Services  Berhad ('  MYEG  ')  by Bursa Malaysia  Securities Berhad  ('  Bursa Malaysia  ')  Mr Ng represented that  he was not present at  the CIMB conference  held on 6 January 2015  and he was not aware of  the material information  which was disclosed  to fund managers at  the conference by the  MYEG's managing  director. A public  reprimand for breaching  paragraph 9.08(2) of  the Main Market Listing  Requirements of the  Bursa Malaysia ('  Main  LR  ') was made against  MYEG for failing to  ensure that disclosure  of material information  made on an individual  or selective basis to  analysts, shareholders,  journalists or other  persons has previously  been fully disclosed and  disseminated to the  public. In the event of  such disclosure, it must  be publicly disseminated  as promptly as possible.  MYEG's then managing  director was also publicly  reprimanded and fined.  In addition to the public  reprimand, MYEG was  required to undertake or  arrange for the necessary  training programme(s) in  relation to compliance  with the disclosure  obligations under the  Main LR and to ensure  its directors and relevant  personnel of MYEG  attend the same.  Mr Ng represented that  no actions were taken  against him, being the  independent director of  MYEG.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  3.  Penalties imposed  against MYEG and  MyEG Commerce  Sdn Bhd ('  MyEG  Commerce  ') by  Malaysia Competition  Commission  ('  MyCC  ')  As Mr Ng was an  Independent Director at  the time of the matter, he  was not involved in the  day-to-day business of  the company. The matter  concluded with, inter  alia, penalties imposed  on both MYEG and its  wholly owned subsidiary,  MyEG Commerce for the  breach of Section 10(2)  (d)(iii) of the Competition  Act by abusing its  dominant position in  harming competition  in the downstream  market in which MyEG  Commerce participated  as an insurance agent  for the online foreign  workers permit renewal  applications.  Mr Ng represented that  no actions were taken  against him, being the  independent director of  MYEG.  For the appointment of  Mr Ng as independent  director of the Company  on 30 May 2022, the  Nominating Committee  noted that Mr Ng was  not a subject of the  investigations above and  Mr Ng continues to be a  director of several SGX  listed companies after  the occurrence of the  events set out above. The  Nominating Committee  also noted that there were  no adverse actions taken  against Mr Ng in relation  to the above matters.  ii.  any entity  (not being a  corporation)  which has been  investigated for  a breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement  governing  such entities in  Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No  No  No   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  iii.  any business trust  which has been  investigated for  a breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement  governing  business trusts  in Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No  No  No  iv.  any entity or  business trust  which has been  investigated for  a breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement  that relates to  the securities or  futures industry  in Singapore  or elsewhere,  in connection  with any matter  occurring or  arising during  that period  when he was so  concerned with  the entity or  business trust?  No  No  No  No  (k)  Whether he has  been the subject  of any current or  past investigation  or disciplinary  proceedings, or has  been reprimanded  or issued any  warning, by the  Monetary Authority  of Singapore or any  other regulatory  authority, exchange,  professional body or  government agency,  whether in Singapore  or elsewhere?  No  No  No  No  Any prior experience as a  director of an issuer listed  on the Exchange?  If yes, please provide  details of prior  experience.  If no, please state if the  director has attended  or will be attending  training on the roles  and responsibilities of a  director of a listed issuer  as prescribed by the  Exchange.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION ON DIRECTORS SEEKING RE-ELECTION

| Mr Sho Kian Hin  Mr Thomas Tan Gim Chua  Mr Ng Fook Ai Victor  Mr Ng Boon Eng  Please provide details  of relevant experience  and the nominating  committee's reasons for  not requiring the director  to undergo training  as prescribed by the  Exchange (if applicable).  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.  Not applicable. This is a  re-election of a director.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## QUANTUM HEALTHCARE LIMITED

(Company Registration No. 202218645W) (Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore)

## PROXY FORM Annual General Meeting

This form of proxy has been made available on SGXNet and the  Company's  website  and  may  be  accessed  at  the  URLs https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements and https://www.quantumhealthcare.com.sg/. A printed copy of this form of proxy will NOT be dispatched to members.

## IMPORTANT

1. Pursuant to section 181(1C) of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore (the ' Companies Act '), Relevant Intermediaries (as defined in the Companies Act) may appoint more than 2 proxies to attend, speak and vote at the AGM.
2. For  investors  who  have  used  their  Supplementary  Retirement  Scheme  monies  to  buy Shares in the Company (the ' SRS Investors '), this Proxy Form is not valid for use and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them.
3. SRS Investors may direct their SRS operators to appoint the Chairman of the AGM (and not third-party proxy(ies) as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM in which case they should approach their SRS operators to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM, by 10:00 a.m. (Singapore Time) on 18 April 2023, to allow sufficient time for their respective relevant intermediaries to, in turn, submit a Proxy Form to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to vote on their behalf.

I/We*, \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Name including NRIC/Passport No./Company Registration Number)* of  \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (Address)

being a shareholder / shareholders of QUANTUM HEALTHCARE LIMITED (the ' Company '), hereby appoint: (a) the Chairman of the Annual General Meeting (' AGM '); or (b) the individual(s) named below:

Name

Address

Name

Address as my/our** proxy/proxies** to attend and to vote for me/us** on my/our** behalf at the AGM of the Company to be held at Lifelong Learning Institute, 11 Eunos Road 8, Singapore 408601, Room TR1-1 on Thursday, 27 April 2023 at 10:00 a.m. and at any adjournment thereof.

Please note that where the Chairman of the AGM is appointed as proxy, the proxy appointing the Chairman of the AGM must be directed, i.e., the member must indicate for each resolution whether the Chairman of the AGM is directed to vote 'for' or 'against' or 'abstain' from voting. If no specific direction as to voting is given, the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as proxy for the resolution will be treated as invalid at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof. In addition, if no specific direction as to voting is given for the individual(s) named above, the proxy/proxies* will vote or abstain from voting at his/their* discretion, as he/they* will on any other matter arising at the AGM and at any adjournment thereof.

The Ordinary Resolution put to the vote at the AGM shall be decided by way of poll.

| No  Resolutions  Number of  votes  FOR  Number  of votes  AGAINST  Number of  votes  ABSTAIN  Ordinary Business  1.  Adoption of the Directors' Statement, Audited Financial Statements and Independent Auditors'  Report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022  2.  Re-election of Sho Kian Hin as a Director of the Company pursuant to Article 114 and Article 110  of  the Company's Constitution  3.  Re-election of Ng Boon Eng as a Director of the Company pursuant to Article 114 and Article 110  of   the Company's Constitution  4.  Re-election of Thomas Tan Gim Chua as a Director of the Company pursuant to Article 114 of the  Company's Constitution  5.  Re-election of Ng Fook Ai Victor as a Director of the Company pursuant to Article 114 of the  Company's Constitution  6.  Approval of Directors' fees amounting to S$145,000 for the financial year ended 31 December 2022  7.  Approval of Directors' fees amounting to S$145,000 for the financial year ending 31 December  2023 to be paid quarterly in arrears  8.  Re-appointment of Moore Stephens LLP as auditors of the Company and to authorise Directors to  fix their remuneration  Special Business  9.  Authority to allot and issue shares  10.  To approve the authority to allot and issue shares under the 2014 QTV Employee Share Option  Scheme, QT Vascular Ltd 2013 Share Plan and the TriReme Medical, LLC 2005 Stock Plan  11.  To approve the authority to allot and issue shares under the QT Vascular Restricted Share Plan 2015   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes: If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For', 'Against' or 'Abstain', please tick within the box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of shares the Chairman of the AGM, as your proxy, is directed to vote 'For', 'Against' or 'Abstain'.

Date this \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ day of \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ 2023

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Signature(s) of Shareholder(s)/Common Seal

*Delete where inapplicable

NRIC/Passport Number

NRIC/Passport Number

Proportion of Shareholdings

Number of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

Number of Shares

%

Total number of Shares in:

(a) CDP Register

(b) Register of Members

No. of Shares

## NOTES FOR PROXY FORM:

1. Printed  copies  of  the  Notice  of  AGM  and  this  Proxy  Form  will  not  be  sent  to  members.  Instead, the  Notice  of  AGM  and  this  Proxy  Form  may  be  accessed  at  the  Company's  website  at  the  URL https://www.quantumhealthcare.com.sg/ and the website of SGX-ST at the URL https://www.sgx. com/securities/company-announcements.
2. If  the  member has Shares entered against his name in the Depository Register (maintained by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited), he should insert that number of Shares. If the member has Shares registered in his  name in the Register of Members (maintained by or on behalf of the Company), he should insert that number of Shares. If the member has Shares entered against his name in the Depository Register and shares registered in his name in the Register of Members, he should insert the  aggregate number of Shares. If no number is inserted, this form of proxy will be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by the member.
3. A member who is not a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint not more than two (2) proxies. Where such member's instrument appointing a proxy(ies) appoints more than one (1) proxy, the proportion of the shareholding concerned to be represented by each proxy shall be specified in the instrument.
4. A member who is a relevant intermediary is entitled to appoint more than two (2) proxies, but each proxy  must  be  appointed  to  exercise  the  rights  attached  to  a  different  share  or  shares  held  by such member. Where such member's instrument appointing proxy(ies) appoints more than two (2) proxies, the number and class of shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed shall be specified in the instrument. Where a relevant intermediary appoints more than 2 proxies, separate Proxy Forms should be used.
5. ' Relevant intermediary ' has the meaning ascribed to it in section 181(6) of the Companies Act.
6. Operators acting on the request of SRS Investors who wish to attend the AGM as observers are required to submit in writing, a list  with  details  of  the  investors'  names,  NRIC/Passport  numbers, addresses and numbers of Shares held. The list, signed by an authorised signatory of the operator, should  reach  the  Company's  business  office  at  130  Joo  Seng  Road,  Singapore  368357  or  be scanned and sent to the Company's email address at ir.sg@quantumhealthcare.com.sg,not later than seventy-two (72) hours before the time set for the AGM.
7. A proxy need not be a member of the Company.
8. The instrument appointing the proxy must:
9. (a) if sent personally or by post, be received by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services at 80 Robinson Road #02-00, Singapore 068898; or
10. (b) if  submitted by email, be received by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services, by email at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com,

in either case no later than 10:00 a.m. on Monday, 24 April 2023, and in default the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid. A member who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first  download,  complete  and  sign  the  Proxy  Form,  before  submitting  it  by  post  to  the  address provided above, or before scanning and sending it by email to the email address provided above.

9. The  instrument  appointing  the  proxy  must  be  signed  by  the  appointor  or  his  attorney  duly authorised  in  writing.  Where  the  instrument  appointing  the  proxy  is  executed  by  a  corporation, it  must  be  either  under  its  common  seal  or  signed  on  its  behalf  by  a  duly  authorised  officer  or attorney. A copy of the power of attorney or such other authority must be submitted together with the instrument appointing a proxy, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
10. The Company shall be entitled to reject the instrument appointing the proxy if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument appointing the proxy (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy).
11. In the case of shares entered in the Depository Register, the Company may reject an instrument of proxy if the member, being the appointor, is not shown to have Shares entered against his name in the Depository Register as at 72 hours before the time appointed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.
12. By submitting this Proxy Form, a member accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 12 April 2023.

<!-- image -->