## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from    to

Commission file number 001-33307

## RadNet, Inc.

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

13-3326724

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

1510 Cotner Avenue Los Angeles, California

90025

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (310) 478-7808

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered NASDAQ Global Market

Common Stock, $.0001 par value

RDNT

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  (1)  has  filed  all  reports  required  to  be  filed  by  Section  13  or  15(d)  of  the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting  company  or  an  emerging  growth  company.  See  the  definitions  of  'large  accelerated  filer,'  'accelerated  filer', 'smaller reporting company', and 'emerging growth company' in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer ☒

Accelerated filer ☐

Non-accelerated filer ☐

Smaller reporting company ☐

Emerging growth company ☐

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

☐

Indicate  by  check  mark  whether  the  registrant  has  filed  a  report  on  and  attestation  to  its  management's  assessment  of  the effectiveness  of  its  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  under  Section  404(b)  of  the  Sarbanes-Oxley  Act  (15  U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive- based  compensation  received  by  any  of  the  registrant's  executive  officers  during  the  relevant  recovery  period  pursuant  to §240.10D-1(b). ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes

☐ No ☒

The aggregate market value of the registrant's common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $1.0 billion on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter) based on the closing price for the common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market on June 30, 2022.

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock outstanding on February 23, 2023, was 57,836,244.

## DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the registrant's definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated herein by reference in Part III of this annual report on Form 10-K to the extent stated herein. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities  and  Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the close of the registrant's fiscal year.

## RADNET, INC.

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| FORM 10-K ITEM  PAGE  PART I.  Item 1.  Business  1  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  17  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  28  Item 2.  Properties  28  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  28  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  29  PART II.  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity  Securities  30  Item 6.  [Reserved]  31  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  32  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  49  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  50  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  94  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  94  Item 9B.  Other Information  96  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections  97  PART III.  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  96  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  96  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters  96  Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence  96  Item 14.  Principal Accountant Fees and Services  96  PART IV.  Item 15.  Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules  98  Item 16.  Form 10-K Summary  102   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This annual report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Forward-looking statements reflect current views about future events and are based on our currently available financial, economic and competitive data and on current business plans. Forward-looking statements can generally be identified by terminology such as 'may,' 'will,' 'should,' 'expect,' 'intend,' 'plan,' 'anticipate,' 'believe,' 'estimate,' 'predict,' 'potential,' 'continue,' 'assumption' or the negative of  these  terms  or  other  comparable  terminology.    Forward  looking  statements  in  this  annual  report  include  statements  or inferences we make about:

- anticipated trends in our revenues, operating expenses or capital expenditures, and our financial guidance;
- expected future market acceptance for our products or services, and our competitive strengths in the markets we serve;
- potential timing and impact of changes in regulations impacting our business;
- the  expected  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  on  our  business,  suppliers,  payors,  customers,  referral  sources, partners, patients and employees;
- our ability to successfully acquire and integrate new imaging operations; and
- economic  and  costs  savings  anticipated  to  be  derived  from  our  investment  in  artificial  intelligence  and  machine learning products and solutions.

Forward-looking  statements  are  neither  historical  facts  nor  assurances  of  future  performance.    Because  forwardlooking statements relate to the future, they are inherently subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and out of our control.  Our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may be materially  different  from  any  future  results,  levels  of  activity,  performance  or  achievements  expressed  or  implied  by  these forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated or implied in our forward-looking statements include factors listed in Item 1 - 'Business,' Item 1A- 'Risk Factors,' Item 3'Legal Proceedings,' Item 7 - 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations' and elsewhere in this annual report and in other reports that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Any forward-looking statement in this annual report is based on information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date of this report.  We do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements  to  take  into  account  events  or  circumstances  that  occur  after  the  date  of  this  annual  report  or  any  unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report, except to the extent required by law.

## Item 1. Business

## Business Overview

We are a leading national provider of diagnostic imaging services in the United States based on number of locations and annual imaging revenue.  We have been in business since 1985.  At December 31, 2022, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York.

Our  centers  provide  physicians  with  imaging  capabilities  to  facilitate  the  diagnosis  and  treatment  of  diseases  and disorders  and  may  reduce  unnecessary  invasive  procedures,  often  reducing  the  cost  and  amount  of  care  for  patients.  Our services  include  magnetic  resonance  imaging  (MRI),  computed  tomography  (CT),  positron  emission  tomography  (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality imaging services, a key point of differentiation from our competitors. Our multimodality strategy diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides patients and referring physicians one location to serve the needs of multiple procedures.  Integral to the imaging center business is our software arm headed  by  eRAD,  Inc.,  which  sells  computerized  systems  that  distribute,  display,  store  and  retrieve  digital  images. Internationally,  our  subsidiary  Heart  and  Lung  Imaging  LLC,  provides  teleradiology  services  for  remote  interpretation  of images on behalf of providers within the framework of the United Kingdom's National Health Service.

We seek to develop leading positions in regional markets in order to leverage operational efficiencies. We develop our imaging business through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions. Our scale and density within selected geographies provide close, long-term relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians. Each of our center-level and regional operations teams is responsible for managing relationships with local physicians and payors, meeting our standards of patient service, and maintaining profitability. We provide training programs, standardized policies and procedures, and sharing of best practices among the physicians in our regional networks.

We  have  also  established  an  Artificial  Intelligence  (AI)  division,  that  develops  and  deploys  AI  suites  to  enhance radiologist interpretations of breast, lung and prostate images.  The division is led by DeepHealth, and includes our acquisitions of Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V., both based in The Netherlands.

## Available Information

All reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission are available free of charge via EDGAR through the SEC website at www.sec.gov. We also maintain a website at www.radnet.com where we make available, free of charge, our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after the material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission.  References  to  our  website  in  this  report  are  provided  as  a  convenience  and  the  information  contained  on,  or otherwise accessible through, the website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of this annual report on Form 10-K or any other document that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

## Industry Overview

Diagnostic imaging involves the use of non-invasive procedures to generate representations of internal anatomy and function that can be recorded on film or digitized for display on a video monitor. Diagnostic imaging procedures facilitate the early diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often minimizing the cost  and  amount  of  care  for  patients.  Diagnostic  imaging  procedures  include  MRI,  CT,  PET,  nuclear  medicine,  ultrasound, mammography, X-ray and fluoroscopy.

While X-ray remains the most commonly performed diagnostic imaging procedure, the fastest growing and higher margin procedures are MRI, CT and PET. The rapid growth in PET scans is attributable to the increasing recognition of the efficacy of PET scans in the diagnosis and monitoring of cancer. The number of MRI and CT scans performed annually in the United States continues to grow due to their wider acceptance by physicians and payors, an increasing number of applications for their use and a general increase in demand due to the aging population.

## PART I

Although currently small in scope, AI methods are now being employed to aid radiologists in scan interpretation by quickly allowing comparison to large imaging databases to enable pinpoint diagnosis in shorter time frames.  In addition, AI methods can keep track of individuals needing procedures on a regular basis (i.e. mammograms, follow ups, etc.) and alert our staff to contact the patient and schedule appointments.

## Diagnostic Imaging Settings

Diagnostic imaging services are typically provided in one of the following settings:

## Fixed-site, freestanding outpatient diagnostic centers

These  centers  range  from  single-modality  to  multi-modality  centers  and  are  generally  not  owned  by  hospitals  or clinics. These centers depend upon physician referrals for their patients and generally do not maintain dedicated, contractual relationships with hospitals or clinics. In fact, these centers may compete with hospitals or clinics that have their own imaging systems  to  provide  services  to  these  patients.  These  centers  bill  third-party  payors,  such  as  managed  care  organizations, insurance companies, Medicare or Medicaid. All of our wholly owned centers are in this category.

## Hospitals

Many hospitals provide both inpatient and outpatient diagnostic imaging services, typically on site or at a dedicated center located on or nearby the hospital campus.  These centers can be owned and operated by the hospital and provide imaging services to inpatients as ordered or outpatients through physician referrals. The hospital normally bills third-party payors such as managed care organizations, insurance companies, Medicare or Medicaid. We have entered into joint ventures with certain hospitals to both provide and manage their diagnostic imaging services, allowing them to leverage our industry expertise.

## Mobile Imaging

While  many  hospitals  own  or  lease  their  own  equipment,  certain  hospitals  provide  diagnostic  imaging  services  by contracting  with  providers  of  mobile  imaging  services.  Using  specially  designed  trailers,  mobile  imaging  service  providers transport imaging equipment and provide services to hospitals and clinics on a part-time or full-time basis, thus allowing small to  mid-size  hospitals  and  clinics  that  do  not  have  the  patient  demand  to  justify  fixed  on-site  access  to  advanced  diagnostic imaging technology. Diagnostic imaging providers contract directly with the hospital  or  clinic  and  are  typically  reimbursed directly by them. We do not provide mobile imaging services.

## Diagnostic Imaging Modalities

The principal diagnostic imaging modalities we use at our centers are:

## MRI

MRI  has  become  widely  accepted  as  the  standard  diagnostic  tool  for  a  wide  and  fast-growing  variety  of  clinical applications for soft tissue anatomy, such as those found in the brain, spinal cord, abdomen, heart and interior ligaments of body joints  such  as  the  knee.  MRI  uses  a  strong  magnetic  field  in  conjunction  with  low  energy  electromagnetic  waves  that  are processed by a computer to produce high-resolution, three-dimensional, cross-sectional images of body tissue. A typical MRI examination takes from 20 to 45 minutes. MRI systems are designed as either open or closed and have magnetic field strength of 0.2 Tesla to 3.0 Tesla.

## CT

CT provides higher resolution images than conventional X-rays, but generally not as well defined as those produced by MRI. CT uses a computer to direct the movement of an X-ray tube to produce multiple cross-sectional images of a particular organ or area of the body. CT is used to detect tumors and other conditions affecting bones and internal organs. It is also used to detect the occurrence of strokes, hemorrhages and infections. A typical CT examination takes from 15 to 45 minutes.

## PET

PET scanning  involves  the  administration  of  a  radiopharmaceutical  agent  with  a  positron-emitting  isotope  and  the measurement of the distribution of that isotope to create images for diagnostic purposes. PET scans provide the capability to determine how metabolic activity impacts other aspects of physiology in the disease process by correlating the reading for the

PET with other tools such as CT or MRI. PET technology has been found highly effective and appropriate in certain clinical circumstances for the detection and assessment of tumors throughout the body, the evaluation of some cardiac conditions and the  assessment  of  epilepsy  seizure  sites.  The  information  provided  by  PET  technology  often  obviates  the  need  to  perform further highly invasive or diagnostic surgical procedures.  In addition, we employ combined PET/CT systems that blend the PET and CT imaging modalities into one scanner.

## Nuclear Medicine

Nuclear medicine uses short-lived radioactive isotopes that release small amounts of radiation that can be recorded by a gamma camera and processed by a computer to produce an image of various anatomical structures or to assess the function of various  organs  such  as  the  heart,  kidneys,  thyroid  and  bones.  Nuclear  medicine  is  used  primarily  to  study  anatomic  and metabolic functions.

## X-ray

X-rays  use  roentgen  rays  to  penetrate  the  body  and  record  images  of  organs  and  structures  on  film.  Digital  X-ray systems add computer image processing capability to traditional X-ray images, which provides faster transmission of images with a higher resolution and the capability to store images more cost-effectively.

## Ultrasound

Ultrasound imaging uses sound waves and their echoes to visualize and locate internal organs. It is particularly useful in  viewing  soft  tissues  that  do  not  X-ray  well.  Ultrasound  is  used  in  pregnancy  to  avoid  X-ray  exposure  as  well  as  in gynecological, urologic, vascular, cardiac and breast applications.

## Mammography

Mammography is a specialized form of radiology using low dosage X-rays to visualize breast tissue and is the primary screening  tool  for  breast  cancer.  Mammography  procedures  and  related  services  assist  in  the  diagnosis  of  and  treatment planning for breast cancer.

## Fluoroscopy

Fluoroscopy uses ionizing radiation combined with a video viewing system for real time monitoring of organs.

## Industry Trends

We believe the diagnostic imaging services industry will continue to grow as a result of a number of factors, including the following:

## Escalating Demand for Healthcare Services from an Aging Population

According to the United States Census Bureau estimates released in February 2022, the number of US residents age over 65 stands at 55 million, representing 17% of the population, and according to the Pew Research Center, is expected to reach 81 million, or 19% of the total population by 2050.  Because diagnostic imaging use tends to increase as a person ages, we believe the aging population will generate more demand for diagnostic imaging procedures .

## Greater Consumer Awareness of and Demand for Preventive Diagnostic Screening

Diagnostic imaging, such as elective full-body scans, is increasingly being used as a screening tool for preventive care procedures. Consumer awareness of diagnostic imaging as a less invasive and preventive screening method has added to the growth in diagnostic imaging procedures. We believe that further technological advancements allowing for early diagnosis of diseases and disorders using less invasive procedures will create additional demand for diagnostic imaging.

## New Effective Applications for Diagnostic Imaging Technology

New  technological  developments  are  expected  to  extend  the  clinical  uses  of  diagnostic  imaging  technology  and increase the number of scans performed. Recent technological advancements include:

- MRI spectroscopy, which can differentiate malignant from benign lesions;
- MRI  angiography,  which  can  produce  three-dimensional  images  of  body  parts  and  assess  the  status  of  blood vessels;
- enhancements  in  teleradiology  systems,  which  permit  the  digital  transmission  of  radiological  images  from  one location to another for interpretation by radiologists at remote locations,
- the development of combined PET/CT and PET/MRI scanners, which combine technologies to create a powerful diagnostic imaging system; and
- use  of  augmented  reality  technologies  make  it  possible  to  create  three  dimensional  images  that  physicians  can examine through virtual reality headsets or print using a three dimensional printer.

Additional  improvements  in  imaging  technologies,  contrast  agents  and  scan  capabilities  are  leading  to  new  noninvasive diagnostic imaging application, including methods of diagnosing blockages in the heart's vital coronary arteries, liver metastases, pelvic diseases and vascular abnormalities without exploratory surgery. We believe that the use of the diagnostic capabilities of MRI and other imaging services will continue to increase because they are cost-effective, time-efficient and noninvasive,  as  compared  to  alternative  procedures,  including  surgery,  and  that  newer  technologies  and  future  technological advancements will further increase the use of imaging services. At the same time, the industry has increasingly used upgrades to existing equipment to expand applications, extend the useful life of existing equipment, improve image quality, reduce image acquisition time and increase the volume of scans that can be performed. We believe the use of equipment upgrades rather than equipment  replacements  will  continue,  as  we  do  not  foresee  new  imaging  technologies  on  the  near-term  horizon  that  will displace MRI, CT or PET as the principal advanced diagnostic imaging modalities.

## Utilization of Artificial Intelligence

AI has the potential  to  significantly  change  the  medical  imaging  industry.    Current  AI  applications  are  focused  on comparing  images  against  large  databases  and  flagging  areas  of  concern  for  the  radiologist.    This  is  expected  to  result  in improved quality, particularly with diseases, injuries, or conditions that are difficult to detect without supplemental technology. AI  can  also  improve  business  processes  to  better  effectively  serve  customers  and  improve  reimbursement  and  collections accuracy.

## Our Competitive Strengths

## Our Scale and Position as the Largest Provider of Freestanding, Fixed-site Outpatient Diagnostic Imaging Services in the United States, Based on Number of Centers and Revenue

As of December 31, 2022, we operated, directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers in Arizona,  California,  Delaware,  Florida,  Maryland,  New  Jersey,  and  New  York.  Our  size  and  scale  allow  us  to  achieve operating, sourcing and administrative efficiencies, including equipment and medical supply sourcing savings and favorable maintenance contracts from equipment manufacturers and other suppliers. Our specific knowledge of our geographic markets drives strong relationships with key payors, radiology groups and referring physicians within our markets.

## Our Comprehensive "Multi-Modality" Diagnostic Imaging Offering

The vast majority of our centers offer multiple types of imaging procedures, driving strong relationships with referring physicians and payors in our markets and a diversified revenue base. At each of our multi-modality centers, we offer patients and  referring  physicians  one  location  to  serve  their  needs  for  multiple  procedures.  This  prevents  multiple  patient  visits  or unnecessary travel between locations, thereby increasing patient throughput and decreasing costs and time delays. Our revenue is  generated  by  a  broad  mix  of  modalities.  We  believe  our  multi-modality  strategy  lessens  our  exposure  to  reimbursement changes in any specific modality.

## Our Competitive Pricing

Our business focus, scale, resources and access to technology afford us with certain operating efficiencies.  As such, we believe our fees are generally lower than hospital fees for the services we provide.

## Our Facility Density in Many Highly Populated Areas of the United States

The strategic organization of our diagnostic imaging centers into regional networks concentrated in major population centers in seven states offers unique benefits to our patients, our referring physicians, our payors and us. We are able to increase the convenience of our services to patients by implementing scheduling systems within geographic regions, where practical. For example, many of our diagnostic imaging centers within a particular region can access the patient appointment calendars of other centers within the same regional network to efficiently allocate time available and to meet a patient's appointment, date, time, or location preferences. The grouping of our centers within regional networks enables us to easily move technologists and other personnel, as well as equipment, from over-utilized to under-utilized centers on an as-needed basis, and drive referrals. Our organization of referral networks results in increased patient throughput, greater operating efficiencies, better equipment utilization rates and improved response time for our patients. We believe our networks of centers and tailored service offerings for  geographic areas drive local physician referrals, make us an attractive candidate for selection as a preferred provider by third-party payors and create economies of scale.

## Our Strong Relationships with Payors and Diversified Payor Mix

Our revenue is derived from a diverse mix of payors, including private payors, managed care capitated payors and government payors, which should mitigate our exposure to possible unfavorable reimbursement trends within any one payor class.  In  addition,  our  experience with capitation arrangements has provided us with the expertise to manage utilization and pricing effectively, resulting in a predictable and recurring stream of revenue. We believe that third-party payors representing large groups of patients often prefer to enter into managed care contracts with providers that offer a broad array of diagnostic imaging services at convenient locations throughout a geographic area. In 2022, we received approximately 55% of our net service revenue from commercial insurance payors, 11% from managed care capitated payors, 22% from Medicare and 3% from Medicaid.

## Our Strong Relationships with Experienced and Highly Regarded Radiologists

Our contracted radiologists have outstanding credentials, strong relationships with referring physicians, and a broad mix of sub-specialties. The collective experience and expertise of these radiologists translates into more accurate and efficient service to patients.

## Our Experienced and Committed Management Team

Our senior and executive management teams have created our differentiated approach based on their comprehensive understanding  of  the  diagnostic  imaging  industry  and  the  dynamics  of  our  regional  markets.  We  have  a  track  record  of successful acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses into RadNet, and have managed the business through a variety of economic and reimbursement cycles.

## Our Technologically Advanced Operations

In 2019, we created an AI division that now hosts the combined efforts of our acquisitions of DeepHealth, Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V..  The division is currently focused on developing improved medical interpretation of scans within the fields of mammography, lung and prostate imaging. Combined with our established eRad subsidiary, which develops and sells computerized imaging data storage and retrieval systems, we have assembled an industry leading team of software developers to create radiology workflow solutions that improve patient care.

## Business Strategy

## Maximize Performance at Our Existing Centers

We intend  to  enhance  our  operations  and  increase  scan  volume  and  revenue  at  our  existing  centers  by  expanding physician relationships and increasing the procedure offerings.

## Focus on Profitable Contracting

We regularly evaluate our contracts with third-party payors, industry vendors and radiology groups, as well as our equipment  and  real  property  leases,  to  determine  how  we  may  improve  the  terms  to  increase  our  revenues  and  reduce  our expenses. Because many of our contracts with third party payors are short-term in nature, we can regularly renegotiate these contracts,  if  necessary.  We  believe  our  position  as  a  leading  provider  of  diagnostic  imaging  services  and  our  long-term

relationships with physician groups in our markets enable us to obtain more favorable contract terms than would be available to smaller or less experienced imaging services providers.

## Optimize Operating Efficiencies

We try to maximize our equipment utilization by adding, upgrading and re-deploying equipment where we experience excess demand. We will continue to trim excess operating and general and administrative costs where it is feasible to do so. We may  also  continue  to  use,  where  appropriate,  highly  trained  radiology  physician  assistants  to  perform,  under  appropriate supervision of radiologists, basic services traditionally performed by radiologists. We will continue to upgrade our advanced information technology system to create cost reductions for our centers in areas such as image storage, support personnel and financial management.

## Expand Our Networks

We intend to continue to expand the number of our centers both organically and through targeted acquisitions, using a disciplined  approach  for  evaluating  and  entering  new  areas,  including  consideration  of  whether  we  have  adequate  financial resources  to  expand.  Our  current  plans  are  to  strengthen  our  market  presence  in  geographic  areas  where  we  currently  have existing operations and to expand into neighboring and other areas where we believe we can compete effectively. We perform extensive due diligence before developing a new facility or acquiring an existing facility or entering into a joint venture with a hospital  to  manage  a  facility,  including  surveying  local  referral  sources  and  radiologists,  as  well  as  examining  the demographics,  reimbursement  environment,  competitive  landscape  and  intrinsic  demand  of  the  geographic  market.  We generally will only enter new markets where:

- there is sufficient patient demand for outpatient diagnostic imaging services;
- we believe we can gain significant market share;
- we can build key referral relationships or we have already established such relationships; and
- payors are receptive to our entry into the market.

## Expand Our Joint Ventures

As part of our growth strategy we have entered into joint ventures with hospitals, health systems or radiology practices that  were  formed  for  the  purpose  of  owning  and  operating  diagnostic  imaging  centers.  We  have  created  a  number  of  joint ventures in key markets with well-established hospital systems to manage additional centers. We intend to continue to expand in established markets through additional joint ventures, particularly with hospital systems. We believe that these joint ventures strengthen and expand our strength in markets where we are already established.

## Our Services

We offer  a  comprehensive  set  of  imaging  services  including  MRI,  CT,  PET,  nuclear  medicine,  X-ray,  ultrasound, mammography, fluoroscopy and other related procedures. We focus on providing standardized high quality imaging services, regardless of location, to ensure patients, physicians and payors consistency in service and quality. To ensure the high quality of our services, we monitor patient satisfaction, timeliness of services to patients and reports to physicians.

The key features of our services include:

- patient-friendly, non-clinical environments;
- a 24-hour turnaround on routine examinations;
- interpretations within one to two hours, if needed;
- flexible patient scheduling, including same-day appointments;
- extended operating hours, including weekends;

- reports delivered by courier, facsimile or email;
- availability of second opinions and consultations;
- availability of sub-specialty interpretations at no additional charge; and
- standardized fee schedules by region.

## Radiology Professionals

In  the  states  in  which  we  provide  services  (except  Florida  and  Arizona),  a  lay  person  or  any  entity  other  than  a professional  corporation  or  similar  professional  organization  is  not  allowed  to  practice  medicine,  including  by  employing professional persons or by having any ownership interest or profit participation in or control over any medical professional practice. This doctrine is commonly referred to as the prohibition on the 'corporate practice' of medicine. In order to comply with this prohibition, we contract with medical groups to provide professional medical services in our centers, including the supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures.

We contract with a consolidated medical group (the "Group") which consists of professional corporations owned or controlled  by  individuals  within  our  senior  management  that  provide  professional  medical  services  in  Arizona,  California, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York.  At locations where the Group does not provide professional medical services, we have entered into long-term contracts with third-party radiology groups in the area to provide physician services at those centers.  These third-party radiology practice groups maintain full control over the provision of professional services, including supervision  and  interpretation  of  diagnostic  imaging  procedures,  in  our  diagnostic  imaging  centers.    Each  medical  group maintains control over the physicians it employs, and is responsible for staffing the facility with qualified professional medical personnel.

Under management agreements with the Group or other third-party radiology practices, we provide the use of our diagnostic  imaging  equipment,  technical  and  management  services,  and  administration  of  the  non-medical  functions  of  the professional  medical  practices  at  our  centers,  including  the  provision  of  non-medical  staff,  accounting  services,  billing  and collection, medical and office supplies, transcription services, maintenance of medical records, and marketing. As compensation for the services furnished under management contracts with our medical groups, we receive technical fees for the use of our diagnostic  imaging  equipment  and  technical  services  and  an  agreed  percentage  of  the  medical  practice  billings  for,  or collections from, services provided at our centers. The medical groups retain the professional reimbursements associated with imaging procedures after deducting management service fees paid to us.

Additionally, we perform certain management services for a portion of the professional groups with whom we contract who  provide  professional  radiology  services  at  local  hospitals.  For  performing  these  management  services,  which  include billing,  collecting,  transcription  and  medical  coding,  we  receive  management  fees,  that  depending  on  the  agreement  are calculated at a fixed or variable rate.

## Payors

The fees charged for diagnostic imaging services performed at our centers are paid by a diverse mix of payors, as illustrated for the following periods presented in the table below:

| % of Net Service Fee Revenue  Year Ended  December 31,  2022  Year Ended  December 31,  2021  Year Ended  December 31,  2020  Commercial Insurance (1)  55 %  57 %  54 %  Managed Care Capitated Payors  11 %  11 %  13 %  Medicare  22 %  21 %  20 %  Medicaid  3 %  3 %  2 %   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  Includes  co-payments,  direct  patient  payments  and  payments  through  contracts  with  physician  groups  and  other non-insurance company payors.

## Commercial Insurance

Generally,  insurance  companies  reimburse  us,  directly  or  indirectly,  including  through  the  Group  or  through  the contracted radiology groups, on the basis of agreed upon rates. These rates are negotiated and may differ materially with rates set  forth  in  the  Medicare  Physician  Fee  Schedule  for  the  particular  service.  The  patients  may  be  responsible  for  certain  copayments or deductibles.

## Managed Care Capitation Agreements

Under these agreements that are generally between the medical groups and the payor (which in most cases are large medical  groups  or  Independent  Practice  Associations),  the  payor  pays  a  pre-determined  amount  per-member  per-month  in exchange  for  the  radiology  group  providing  all  necessary  covered  services  to  the  managed  care  members  included  in  the agreement. These contracts pass much of the financial risk of providing outpatient diagnostic imaging services, including the risk  of  over-use,  from  the  payor  to  the  radiology  practice  group  and,  as  a  result  of  our  management  agreement  with  the radiology practice group, to us.

We believe that through our comprehensive utilization management, or UM, program we have become highly skilled at assessing and moderating the risks associated with the capitation agreements, so that these agreements are profitable for us. Our UM program is managed by our UM department, which consists of staff who are actively involved with the referring physicians and payor management in both prospective and retrospective review programs. Our UM program includes features such as physician education combined with peer review procedures which are designed to manage our costs while ensuring that patients receive appropriate care.

## Medicare/Medicaid

Medicare is the federal health insurance program for people age 65 or older and people under age 65 with certain disabilities. Medicaid, funded by both the federal government and states, is a state-administered health insurance program for qualifying low-income and medically needy persons. For services for which we bill Medicare directly or indirectly, including through  contracted  radiologists,  we  are  paid  under  the  Medicare  Physician  Fee  Schedule.  Under  the  Protecting  Access  to Medicare Act of 2014, Congress introduced a new quality incentive program that, effective January 1, 2016, reduces Medicare payments for certain CT services reimbursed through the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule that are furnished using equipment that  does  not  meet  certain  dose  optimization  and  management  standards.  Medicare  patients  usually  pay  a  20%  co-payment unless  they  have  secondary  insurance.  Medicaid  rates  are  set  by  the  individual  states  for  each  state  program  and  Medicaid patients may be responsible for a modest co-payment.

## Contracts with Physician Groups and Other Non-Insurance Company Payors

For some of our contracts with physician groups and other providers, we do not bill payors, but instead accept agreed upon  rates  for  our  radiology  services.  These  rates  are  typically  at  or  below  the  rates  set  forth  in  the  current  Medicare  Fee Schedule for the particular service. However, we often agree to a specified rate for MRI and CT procedures that is not tied to the Medicare Fee Schedule.

## Imaging Centers

Our centers are primarily located in geographic networks that we refer to as regions. The majority of our centers are multi-modality  sites,  offering  various  combinations  of  MRI,  CT,  PET,  nuclear  medicine,  ultrasound,  X-ray,  fluoroscopy services and other related procedures. A portion of our centers are single-modality sites, offering either X-ray or MRI services. Consistent  with  our  regional  network  strategy,  we  locate  our  single-modality  centers  near  multi-modality  centers,  to  help accommodate overflow in targeted demographic areas.

The following table sets forth the number of our centers operated directly or managed through joint ventures for each year during the five-year period ended December 31, 2022:

| Years Ended  December 31,  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  Total centers owned or managed (at beginning of the  year)  347  331  335  344  297  Centers added by:  Acquisition  8  27  13  9  55  Internal development  14  1  4  4  5  Centers closed or sold  (12)  (12)  (21)  (22)  (13)  Total centers owned or managed (at year end)  357  347  331  335  344   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Diagnostic Imaging Equipment

The following table indicates, as of December 31, 2022, the quantity of principal diagnostic equipment available at our centers operated directly or through joint venture investments:

| Equipment Count  Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  MRI  340  323  293  CT  208  192  175  PET/CT  67  68  67  Mammography  387  358  315  Ultrasound  818  760  689  X-ray  440  415  376  Nuclear Medicine  57  55  57  Fluoroscopy  116  105  117  Total equipment  2,433  2,276  2,089   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The average age of our MRI and CT units is less than five years, and the average age of our PET units is less than four years. The useful life of our MRI, CT and PET units is typically ten years.

## Facility Acquisitions

Information regarding our facility acquisitions can be found within Item 7 - 'Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations', as well as Note 4 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K.

## Information Technology

Our  corporate  headquarters  and  many  of  our  centers  are  interconnected  through  a  state-of-the-art  information technology system. This system, which is compliant with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, is comprised of a number of integrated applications and provides a single operating platform for billing and collections, electronic medical records, practice management and image management.

This  technology  has  created  cost  reductions  for  our  centers  in  areas  such  as  image  storage,  support  personnel  and financial management and has further allowed us to optimize the productivity of all aspects of our business by enabling us to:

- capture patient demographic, history and billing information at point-of-service;
- automatically generate bills and electronically file claims with third-party payors;
- record and store diagnostic report images in digital format;

- digitally  transmit  in  real-time  diagnostic  images  from  one  location  to  another,  thus  enabling  networked radiologists to cover larger geographic markets by using the specialized training of other networked radiologists;
- perform claims, rejection and collection analysis; and
- perform sophisticated financial analysis, such as analyzing cost and profitability, volume, charges, current activity and patient case mix, with respect to each of our managed care contracts.

We have developed our own Radiology Information System through our team of software development engineers, which is used as our front desk patient tracking system.

## Human Capital Management Strategy

The  primary  goal  of  our  talent  management  strategy  is  to  attract  and  retain  engaged,  talented,  and  diverse  team members to establish RadNet as the employer of choice. We seek to drive performance by enabling effective leadership that results in a positive patient experience delivered by talented and engaged team members. To achieve this, leaders across the enterprise partner to develop and deliver talent and culture programs, create total rewards strategies, and provide efficient and effective people operations.

We believe the strength of our workforce is critical to the success of our mission to provide comprehensive radiology solutions and change the future of healthcare. We invest in our employees to ensure their confidence and competence in their roles, as well as to provide a path for professional career development. We value an ethical culture where diversity is embraced, good health and safety are promoted, and employees are empowered to share their ideas and opinions. We strive to care for our team members and are concerned about their total well-being.

Headcount and Labor Representation. At December 31, 2022, we had a total of 6,946 full-time, 509 part-time and 1,612 per diem employees, including those employed by the Group. These numbers include 221 full-time and 78 part-time physicians and 2,251 full-time, 353 part-time and 1,083 per-diem technologists.

Diversity, Equity, Inclusion, &amp; Belonging. We are committed to creating an inclusive work environment where team members can be their best and authentic selves. With diversity comes a plethora of different perspectives and these different perspectives breed innovative ideas that enable us to lead radiology forward. Our relationship with Jobs.Vision.Success SoCal, a nonprofit, non-sectarian social service agency, is one example of our support and sponsorship of community outreach and enrichment programs for underserved populations. As a foundational practice, all employees are required to complete cultural competence training annually.

Employee Listening. We believe in ensuring every team member feels valued, seen, and heard; therefore, we have various avenues for all to share ideas and provide feedback. Piloting initiatives such as the Connections Roadshow and new employee listening platforms enabled senior leaders to hear from team members at all levels of the organization to gain insights on various topics including quality, engagement, innovation, customer service, patient focus, diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging.

Total Well-being. We subscribe to the belief that if we take care of our people, they will in turn, take care of our patients. Prioritizing and promoting wellness allows our team members to be their best selves at work and at home. Concerning ourselves with the physical, mental, emotional, and social well-being of each team member enables us to attract and retain top talent. Beyond fair and equitable pay, we offer a wide range of benefit plan options that include, but are not limited to, medical insurance,  health  savings  accounts,  family  support  services,  nutrition  and  exercise  programs,  and  financial  education.  We evaluate our total well-being packages regularly to remain competitive, align with legislative changes, and respond to the needs of our team members. Based on survey feedback, we recently replaced our wellness platform and introduced Navigate Wellness to better address what our team members care about most.

Talent Development. Equipping our people to perform excellently is one of our top priorities. With companies across the country facing unprecedented, post-pandemic labor shortages, attrition, and turnover, we are doubling down on our People and Culture initiatives. We have established a Talent &amp; Culture Center of Expertise to focus on the employee experience from beginning  to  end.  With  a  heightened  focus  on  upskilling  our  existing  workforce,  our  investment  in  new  training  and development  platforms  and  piloting  a  coaching  capabilities  builder  program  for  our  leaders,  we  are  promoting  timely  and effective  feedback  that  fosters  trust,  respect,  teamwork,  growth,  and  excellence.  Furthermore,  our  tuition  reimbursement program encourages team members at all levels of the enterprise to seek additional skills.

## Sales and Marketing

Our sales and marketing team employs a multi-pronged approach to marketing, including physician, payor and sports marketing programs, each of which are described below:

## Physician Marketing

Each customer service representative on our physician marketing team is responsible for marketing activity on behalf of  one  or  more  centers.  The  representatives  act  as  a  liaison  between  the  facility  and  referring  physicians,  holding  meetings periodically and on an as-needed basis with them and their staff to present educational programs on new applications and uses of our systems and to address particular patient service issues that have arisen. In our experience, consistent hands-on contact with a referring physician and his or her staff generates goodwill and increases referrals to our centers. The representatives also continually seek to establish referral relationships with new physicians and physician groups. In addition to a base salary, each representative receives a bonus based upon success.

## Payor Marketing

Our marketing team regularly meets with managed care organizations and insurance companies to solicit contracts and meet with existing contracting payors to solidify those relationships. The comprehensiveness of our services, the geographic location of our centers and the reputation of the physicians with whom we contract all serve as tools for obtaining new or repeat business from payors.

## Sports Marketing Program

Our  west  coast  operations  renders  in  stadium  digital  X-ray  for  the  following  organizations:  Los  Angeles  Clippers, Dodgers, Kings and Lakers. In exchange, we receive season tickets and parking.  Contract lengths vary from yearly up to five years. We also provide radiology services at select imaging centers for the Anaheim Ducks, Los Angeles Angels, Los Angeles Rams, Oakland Athletics, San Francisco 49ers and student athletes of the University of Southern California.

Through our east coast operations, we have entered into sponsorship agreements with the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League and the Baltimore Orioles of Major League Baseball which permit us to state we are the imaging partner to each organization. Both agreements last through 2023.

## Suppliers

We acquire our major diagnostic imaging equipment directly from original equipment manufacturers or through third party financing companies and purchase medical supplies from various national vendors.  Our diagnostic imaging equipment represents a cornerstone investment of the company as it provides our customers the latest in imaging technology.  We employ direct  purchase  or  finance  arrangements  to  accomplish  our  needs  with  such  firms  as  GE,  Hologic,  Key  Equipment,  Philips, Siemens and Spectrum.  We have excellent working relationships with our providers who are of comparable stature in the event one becomes unavailable.  At December 31, 2022, our liabilities for operating arrangements of radiology equipment amounted to  approximately  $13.7  million.    If  we  open  or  acquire  additional  imaging  centers,  we  may  incur  material  equipment  lease obligations.    See  Note  9,  Leases,  to  our  consolidated  financial  statements  included  in  this  annual  report  on  Form  10-K  for further information.

Timely and effective maintenance is essential for achieving high utilization rates of our imaging equipment.  In order to ensure operational efficiency, we have maintenance arrangements with the various service arms of the original equipment manufacturers that supply our imaging equipment.

## Competition

Our  competitors  include  independent  imaging  operators  and  smaller  regional  operators,  as  well  as  hospitals  and hospital  groups  that  operate  their  own  imaging  services.    In  addition,  some  physician  practices  have  established  their  own diagnostic imaging centers within their group practices.

We compete  principally  on  the  basis  of  our  reputation,  our  ability  to  provide  multiple  modalities  at  many  of  our centers, the location of our centers, the quality of our diagnostic imaging services and technologists and our ability to establish and maintain relationships with healthcare providers and referring physicians. See 'Competitive Strengths' above. Some of our competitors may now or in the future have access to greater financial resources than we do, which could allow them to establish more centers and provide access to newer, more advanced equipment.

Each of the Group and our third party contracted radiology practices has entered into agreements with its physician shareholders and full-time employed radiologists that generally prohibit those shareholders and radiologists from competing for

a period of two to five years within defined geographic regions after they cease to be owners or employees, as applicable. In certain states, like California, a covenant not to compete is enforced in limited circumstances involving the sale of a business. In other states, a covenant not to compete will be enforced only:

- to the extent it is necessary to protect a legitimate business interest of the party seeking enforcement;
- if it does not unreasonably restrain the party against whom enforcement is sought; and
- if it is not contrary to public interest.

Enforceability of a non-compete covenant is determined by a court based on all of the facts and circumstances of the specific case at the time enforcement is sought. For this reason, it is not possible to predict whether or to what extent a court will enforce the contracted radiology practices' covenants. The inability of the contracted radiology practices or us to enforce a radiologist's non-compete covenants could result in increased competition from individuals who are knowledgeable about our business strategies and operations.

## Liability Insurance

We maintain insurance policies with coverage we believe is appropriate in light of the risks attendant to our business and  consistent  with  industry  practice.  We  maintain  general  liability  insurance  and  professional  liability  insurance  in commercially  reasonable  amounts.  Additionally,  we  maintain  workers'  compensation  insurance  on  all  of  our  employees. Coverage  is  placed  on  a  statutory  basis  and  corresponds  to  individual  state's  requirements.  However,  adequate  liability insurance may not be available to us in the future at acceptable costs or at all. In addition, insurers from which we purchase such insurance may experience financial hardship which would impact their ability to pay covered policyholder claims.

Pursuant to our agreements with physician groups with whom we contract, including the Group, each must maintain medical malpractice insurance for each physician in the group, having coverage limits of not less than $1.0 million per incident and $3.0 million in the aggregate per year.

California's  medical  malpractice  cap  further  reduces  our  exposure.  California  places  a  $250,000  limit  on  noneconomic damages for medical malpractice  cases.  Non-economic  damages  are  defined  as  compensation  for  pain,  suffering, inconvenience,  physical  impairment,  disfigurement  and  other  non-pecuniary  injury.  The  cap  applies  whether  the  case  is  for injury or death, and it allows only one $250,000 recovery in a wrongful death case. No cap applies to economic damages. Other states  in  which  we now operate do not have similar limitations and in those states we believe our insurance coverage to be sufficient.

## Regulation

## General

The healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in the regulatory environment could significantly affect our operations in the future. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon us, and the contracted radiology practices and their affiliated physicians, obtaining and maintaining all necessary licenses and other approvals, and operating in compliance with applicable healthcare regulations. We believe that healthcare regulations will continue to change. Therefore, we monitor developments  in  healthcare  law  and  modify  our  operations  from  time  to  time  as  the  business  and  regulatory  environment changes.

## Facilities Licensing and Certification Laws

Ownership,  construction,  operation,  expansion  and  acquisition  of  diagnostic  imaging  centers  are  subject  to  various federal  and  state  laws,  regulations  and  approvals  concerning  licensing  of  centers  and  personnel.  In  addition,  free-standing diagnostic imaging centers that provide services not performed as part of a physician's office must meet Medicare requirements to be certified as an independent diagnostic testing facility before it can be authorized to bill the Medicare program.

## Corporate Practice of Medicine

In the states in which we operate, other than Florida and Arizona, a lay person or any entity other than a professional corporation or other similar professional organization is not allowed to practice medicine, including by employing professional persons or by having any ownership interest or profit participation in or control over any medical professional practice. The

laws of such states also prohibit a lay person or a non-professional entity from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as splitting professional fees with physicians. We structure our relationships with the radiology practices, including the purchase of diagnostic imaging centers, in a manner that we believe keeps us from engaging in the practice of medicine, exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of the radiology practices or their physicians, or violating the prohibitions against fee-splitting.

## Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse - Federal Anti-kickback Statute

During the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 22% of our net service revenue generated at our diagnostic imaging centers was derived from federal government sponsored healthcare programs (Medicare) and 3% from state sponsored programs (Medicaid).

Federal  law  known  as  the  Anti-kickback  Statute  prohibits  the  knowing  and  willful  offer,  payment,  solicitation  or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person, (ii) the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing  of  items  or  services  reimbursable  under  the  Medicare,  Medicaid  or  other  governmental  programs  or  (iii)  the purchase, lease or order or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering of any item or service reimbursable under  the  Medicare,  Medicaid  or  other  governmental  programs.  Noncompliance  with  the  federal  Anti-kickback  Statute  can result in exclusion from the Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs and civil and criminal penalties.

The Anti-kickback Statute is broad, and it prohibits many arrangements and practices that are lawful in businesses outside of the healthcare industry. To create better clarity, the Office of the Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (OIG) has issued regulations as "safe harbor" guidelines which if met in form and substance, will assure healthcare providers that they will not be prosecuted for violation of the Anti-kickback Statute.  The OIG issued a final rule on November 20, 2020, as part of the Regulatory Sprint to  Coordinated  Care  initiative  by  the  U.S.  Department  of  Health  and Human Services that, among other things, established new "safe harbors" under the Anti-kickback Statute for certain valuebased  compensation  arrangements.    Although  full  compliance  with  these  provisions  ensures  against  prosecution  under  the federal Anti-kickback Statute, the failure of a transaction or arrangement to fit within a specific safe harbor does not necessarily mean that the transaction or arrangement is illegal or that prosecution under the federal Anti-kickback Statute will be pursued.

Although some of our arrangements may not fall within a safe harbor, we believe that such business arrangements do not violate the Anti-kickback Statute because we are careful to structure them to reflect fair value and ensure that the reasons underlying  our  decision  to  enter  into  a  business  arrangement  comport  with  reasonable  interpretations  of  the  Anti-kickback Statute. However, even though we continuously strive to comply with the requirements of the Anti-kickback Statute, liability under the Anti-kickback Statute may still arise because of the intentions or actions of the parties with whom we do business. While we are not aware of any such intentions or actions, we have only limited knowledge regarding the intentions or actions underlying those arrangements. Conduct and business arrangements that do not fully satisfy one of these safe harbor provisions may result in increased scrutiny by government enforcement authorities such as the Office of the Inspector General.

## Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse - Stark Law

The Ethics in Patient Referral Act of 1989, commonly known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from referring Medicare patients to an entity providing designated health services in which the physician (or immediate family member) has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician (or immediate family member) has entered into a compensation arrangement. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity from billing for any such prohibited referral. The penalties for violating the Stark Law include a prohibition on payment by these governmental programs and civil penalties of as much as $15,000 for each violation referral and $100,000 for participation in a circumvention scheme. The regulations governing the Stark Law were also recently amended as part of the Regulatory Sprint to Coordinated Care initiative.  These new regulations, which among other things establish new exceptions for value-based arrangements, were published by the Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services  (CMS)  on  November  20,  2020.    We  believe  that,  although  we  receive  fees  under  our  service  agreements  for management and administrative services, we are not in a position to make or influence referrals of patients.

Under the Stark Law, radiology and certain other imaging services and radiation therapy services and supplies are services included in the designated health services subject to the self-referral prohibition. Such services include the professional and technical components of any diagnostic test or procedure using X-rays, ultrasound or other imaging services, CT, MRI, radiation therapy and diagnostic mammography services (but not screening mammography services). PET and nuclear medicine procedures  are  also  included  as  designated  health  services  under  the  Stark  Law.  The  Stark  Law,  however,  excludes  from designated health services: (i) X-ray, fluoroscopy or ultrasound procedures that require the insertion of a needle, catheter, tube or probe through the skin or into a body orifice; (ii) radiology procedures that are integral to the performance of, and performed

during, non-radiological medical procedures; and (iii) invasive or interventional radiology, because the radiology services in these procedures are merely incidental or secondary to another procedure that the physician has ordered.

The Stark Law provides that a request by a radiologist for diagnostic radiology services or a request by a radiation oncologist  for  radiation  therapy,  if  such  services  are  furnished  by  or  under  the  supervision  of  such  radiologist  or  radiation oncologist pursuant to a consultation requested by another physician, does not constitute a referral by a referring physician. If such requirements are met, the Stark Law self-referral prohibition would not apply to such services. The effect of the Stark Law on the radiology practices, therefore, will depend on the precise scope of services furnished by each such practice's radiologists and whether such services derive from consultations or are self-generated.

We  believe  that,  other  than  self-referred  patients,  all  of  the  services  covered  by  the  Stark  Law  provided  by  the contracted radiology practices derive from requests for consultation by non-affiliated physicians. Therefore, we believe that the Stark Law is not implicated by the financial relationships between our operations and the contracted radiology practices. In addition, we believe that we have structured our acquisitions of the assets of existing practices, and we intend to structure any future  acquisitions,  so  as  not  to  violate  the  Anti-kickback  Statute,  Stark  Law  and  the  regulations  related  to  these  laws. Specifically, we believe the consideration paid by us to physicians to acquire the tangible and intangible assets associated with their practices is consistent with fair value in arms' length transactions and is not intended to induce the referral of patients or other  business  generated  by  such  physicians.  Should  any  such  practice  be  deemed  to  constitute  an  arrangement  designed  to induce the referral of Medicare or Medicaid patients, then our acquisitions could be viewed as possibly violating anti-kickback and anti-referral laws and regulations. A determination of liability under any such laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

## Medicare and Medicaid Fraud and Abuse - General

The  federal  government  embarked  on  an  initiative  to  audit  all  Medicare  carriers,  which  are  the  companies  that adjudicate and pay Medicare claims. These audits are expected to intensify governmental scrutiny of individual providers. An unsatisfactory audit of any of our diagnostic imaging centers or contracted radiology practices could result in any or all of the following: significant repayment obligations, exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs, and civil and criminal penalties.

Federal regulatory and law enforcement authorities have increased enforcement activities with respect to Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse regulations and other reimbursement laws and rules, including laws and regulations that govern our activities and the activities of the radiology practices. The federal government also has increased funding to fight healthcare fraud  and  is  coordinating  its  enforcement  efforts  among  various  agencies,  such  as  the  U.S.  Department  of  Justice,  the  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General, and state Medicaid fraud control units. The government may investigate our or the radiology practices' activities, claims may be made against us or the radiology practices and these increased  enforcement  activities  may  directly  or  indirectly  have  an  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  financial  condition  and results of operations.

## State Anti-kickback and Physician Self-referral Laws

Many states have adopted laws similar to the federal Anti-kickback Statute and the Stark Law. Some of these state prohibitions  apply  to  services  and  the  referral  of  patients  for  healthcare  services  reimbursed  by  any  source,  not  only  the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Although we believe that we comply with both federal and state anti-kickback laws and selfreferral laws, any finding of a violation of these laws could subject us to criminal and civil penalties or possible exclusion from federal or state healthcare programs. Such penalties would adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to operate our business.

## Federal False Claims Act

The federal False Claims Act provides, in part, that the federal government may bring a lawsuit against any person who it believes has knowingly presented, or caused to be presented, a false or fraudulent request for payment from the federal government, or who has made a false statement or used a false record to get a claim approved. The federal False Claims Act further provides that a lawsuit thereunder may be initiated in the name of the United States by an individual, a 'whistleblower,' who is an original source of the allegations. The government has taken the position that claims presented in violation of the federal Anti-kickback Statute or Stark Law may be considered a violation of the federal False Claims Act. Penalties include civil penalties of not less than $5,500 and not more than $11,000 for each false claim, plus three times the amount of damages that the federal government sustained because of the act of that person.

Further, states are being encouraged to adopt false claims acts similar to the federal False Claims Act, which establish liability  for  submission  of  fraudulent  claims  to  the  State  Medicaid  program  and  contain  whistleblower  provisions.  Even  in instances when a whistleblower action is dismissed with no judgment or settlement, we may incur substantial legal fees and other costs relating to an investigation. Future actions under the False Claims Act may result in significant fines and legal fees, which would adversely affect our financial performance and our ability to operate our business.

We believe that we are in compliance with the rules and regulations that apply to the federal False Claims Act as well as its state counterparts.

## Healthcare Reform Legislation

Healthcare reform legislation enacted in the first quarter of 2010 by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act or PPACA, specifically requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, in computing physician practice expense relative value units, to increase the equipment utilization factor for advanced diagnostic imaging services (such as MRI, CT and PET) from a presumed utilization rate of 50% to 65% for 2010 through 2012, 70% in 2013, and 75% thereafter. Excluded from the  adjustment  is  low-technology  imaging  modalities  such  as  ultrasound,  X-ray  and  fluoroscopy.  The  Health  Care  and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (H.R. 4872), or Reconciliation Act, which was passed by the Senate and approved by the President on March 30, 2010, amends the provision for higher presumed utilization of advanced diagnostic imaging services to a presumed rate of 75%. The higher utilization rate was fully implemented in the beginning of 2011 and replaced the phase-in approach provided in the PPACA. This utilization rate was further increased to 90% by the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012, effective as of January 1, 2014.

The aim of increased utilization of diagnostic imaging services is to spread the cost of the equipment and services over a  greater  number  of  scans,  resulting  in  a  lower  cost  per  scan.  These  changes  have  precipitated  reductions  in  federal reimbursement  for  medical  imaging  and  have  resulted  in  decreased  revenue  for  the  scans  we  perform  for  Medicare beneficiaries.  Other  changes  in  reimbursement  for  services  rendered  by  Medicare  Advantage  plans  may  also  reduce  the revenues we receive for services rendered to Medicare Advantage enrollees.

On  December  22,  2017,  President  Trump  signed  into  law  the  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act  (the  'Tax  Act').  Among numerous  changes  to  the  tax  code,  the  Tax  Act  repealed  the  individual  mandate  tax  penalty  (the  'Individual  Mandate'),  a PPACA provision that required individuals to pay additional taxes if he or she was uninsured during the year.  Repeal of the Individual  Mandate  may  lead  to  more  people  being  uninsured,  and  could  raise  premium  rates  for  insured  persons.  Such  a development could affect reimbursement, coverage, and utilization of diagnostic imaging services in ways that are currently unpredictable.  Other changes to the PPACA (whether through legislation or judicial action), including further rollbacks of the PPACA being sought by congressional and state members of the Republican Party, or expansion of the PPACA (including, but not  limited  to,  the  development  of  a  "public  option"  that  would  compete  with  private  insurers  to  offer  coverage  to  both individuals  and  those  with  employer  sponsored  insurance)  being  sought  by  the  Biden  Administration,  could  have  similarly unpredictable effects.

## Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996

Congress  enacted  the  Health  Insurance  Portability  and  Accountability  Act  of  1996,  or  HIPAA,  in  part,  to  combat healthcare fraud and to protect the privacy and security of patients' individually identifiable healthcare information.  HIPAA, among other things, amends existing crimes and criminal penalties for Medicare fraud and enacts new federal healthcare fraud crimes, including actions affecting non-government healthcare benefit programs. Under HIPAA, a healthcare benefit program includes  any  private  plan  or  contract  affecting  interstate  commerce  under  which  any  medical  benefit,  item  or  service  is provided. A person or entity that knowingly and willfully obtains the money or property of any healthcare benefit program by means  of  false  or  fraudulent  representations  in  connection  with  the  delivery  of  healthcare  services  is  subject  to  a  fine  or imprisonment, or potentially both. In addition, HIPAA authorizes the imposition of civil money penalties against entities that employ or enter into contracts with excluded Medicare or Medicaid program participants if such entities provide services to federal health program beneficiaries. A finding of liability under HIPAA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Further,  HIPAA requires healthcare providers and their business associates to maintain the privacy and security of individually identifiable protected health information ('PHI'). HIPAA imposes federal standards for electronic transactions, for the  security  of  electronic  health  information  and  for  protecting  the  privacy  of  PHI.  The  Health  Information  Technology  for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 ('HITECH'), signed into law on February 17, 2009, dramatically expanded, among other things, (1) the scope of HIPAA to now apply directly to 'business associates,' or independent contractors who receive or obtain  PHI  in  connection  with  providing  a  service  to  a  covered  entity,  (2)  substantive  security  and  privacy  obligations,

including new federal security breach notification requirements to affected individuals, DHHS and prominent media outlets, of certain  breaches  of  unsecured  PHI,  (3)  restrictions  on  marketing  communications  and  a  prohibition  on  covered  entities  or business  associates  from  receiving  remuneration  in  exchange  for  PHI,  and  (4)  the  civil  and  criminal  penalties  that  may  be imposed for HIPAA violations, increasing the annual cap in penalties from $25,000 to $1.5 million per year.

In addition, many states have enacted comparable privacy and security statutes or regulations that, in some cases, are more  stringent  than  HIPAA  requirements.  In  those  cases  it  may  be  necessary  to  modify  our  operations  and  procedures  to comply with the more stringent state laws, which may entail significant and costly changes for us. We believe that we are in compliance with such state laws and regulations. However, if we fail to comply with applicable state laws and regulations, we could be subject to additional sanctions.

We believe that we are in compliance with the current HIPAA requirements, as amended by HITECH, and comparable state  laws,  but  we  anticipate  that  we  may  encounter  certain  costs  associated  with  future  compliance.  Moreover,  we  cannot guarantee that enforcement agencies or courts will not make interpretations of the HIPAA standards that are inconsistent with ours, or the interpretations of our contracted radiology practices or their affiliated physicians. A finding of liability under the HIPAA standards  may  result  in  significant  criminal  and  civil  penalties.  Noncompliance  also  may  result  in  exclusion  from participation in government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. These actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## U.S. Food and Drug Administration or FDA

The FDA has issued the requisite pre-market approval for all of the MRI and CT systems we use.

Our mammography systems are regulated by the FDA pursuant to the Mammography Quality Standards Act of 1992, as amended by the Mammography Quality Standards Reauthorization Acts of 1998 and 2004 (collectively, the 'MQSA'). All mammography centers are required to meet the applicable MQSA requirements, including quality standards, be accredited by an approved accreditation body or state agency and certified by the FDA or an FDA-approved certifying state agency. Pursuant to the accreditation process, each facility providing mammography services must comply with certain standards that include, among other things, annual inspection of the facility's equipment, personnel (interpreting physicians, technologists and medical physicists) and practices.

Compliance  with  these  MQSA  requirements  and  standards  is  required  to  obtain  Medicare  payment  for  services provided to beneficiaries and to avoid various sanctions, including monetary penalties, or suspension of certification. Although the  Mammography  Accreditation  Program  of  the  American  College  of  Radiology  is  an  approved  accreditation  body  and currently accredits all of our centers which provide mammography services, and although we anticipate continuing to meet the requirements for accreditation, if we lose such accreditation, the FDA could revoke our certification. Congress has extended Medicare  benefits  to  include  coverage  of  screening  mammography  but  coverage  is  subject  to  the  facility  performing  the mammography meeting prescribed quality standards described above. The Medicare requirements to meet the standards apply to diagnostic mammography and image quality examination as well as screening mammography.

## Radiologist Licensing

The radiologists providing professional medical services at our centers are subject to licensing and related regulations by the states in which they provide services. As a result, we require the radiology groups with which we contract to require those  radiologists  to  have  and  maintain  appropriate  licensure.  We  do  not  believe  that  such  laws  and  regulations  will  either prohibit  or  require  licensure  approval  of  our  business  operations,  although  no  assurances  can  be  made  that  such  laws  and regulations will not be interpreted to extend such prohibitions or requirements to our operations.

## Insurance Laws and Regulation

States  in  which  we  operate  have  adopted  certain  laws  and  regulations  affecting  risk  assumption  in  the  healthcare industry, including those that subject any physician or physician network engaged in risk-based managed care to comply with applicable insurance laws and regulations. These laws and regulations may require physicians and physician networks to meet minimum  capital  requirements  and  other  safety  and  soundness  requirements.  Implementing  additional  regulations  or compliance requirements could result in substantial costs to the contracted radiology practices, limiting their ability to enter into capitated or other risk-sharing managed care arrangements and indirectly affecting our revenue from the contracted practices.

## U.S. Federal Budget

We derive  a  substantial  portion  of  our  revenue  from  direct  billings  to  governmental  healthcare  programs,  such  as Medicare  and  Medicaid,  and  private  health  insurance  companies  and/or  health  plans,  including  but  not  limited  to  those participating  in  the  Medicare  Advantage  program.  As  a  result,  any  negative  changes  in  governmental  capitation  or  fee-forservice rates or methods of reimbursement for the services we provide could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and financial results.

Because governmental healthcare programs generally reimburse on a fee schedule basis rather than on a charge-related basis,  we  generally  cannot  increase  our  revenues  from  these  programs  by  increasing  the  amount  of  charges  for  services. Moreover,  if  our  costs  increase,  we  may  not  be  able  to  recover  our  increased  costs  from  these  programs.  Government  and private  payors  have  taken  and  may  continue  to  take  steps  to  control  the  cost,  eligibility  for,  use,  and  delivery  of  healthcare services as a result of budgetary constraints, cost containment pressures and other reasons. We believe that these trends in cost containment will continue. These cost containment measures, and other market changes in non-governmental insurance plans have generally restricted our ability to recover, or shift to non-governmental payors, any increased costs that we experience. Our integrated care business and financial operations may be materially affected by these developments.

## Environmental Matters

The facilities we operate or manage generate hazardous and medical waste subject to federal and state requirements regarding handling and disposal. We believe that the facilities that we operate and manage are currently in compliance in all material respects with applicable federal, state and local statutes and ordinances regulating the handling and disposal of such materials.  We  do  not  believe  that  we  will  be  required  to  expend  any  material  additional  amounts  in  order  to  remain  in compliance  with  these  laws  and  regulations  or  that  compliance  will  materially  affect  our  capital  expenditures,  earnings  or competitive position.

## Compliance Program

We maintain a program to monitor compliance with federal and state laws and regulations applicable to healthcare entities.  We  have  a  compliance  officer  who  is  charged  with  implementing  and  supervising  our  compliance  program,  which includes  the  adoption  of  (i)  Standards  of  Conduct  for  our  employees  and  affiliates  and  (ii)  a  process  that  specifies  how employees,  affiliates  and  others  may  report  regulatory  or  ethical  concerns  to  our  compliance  officer.  We  believe  that  our compliance program meets the relevant standards provided by the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services.

An  important  part  of  our  compliance  program  consists  of  conducting  periodic  audits  of  various  aspects  of  our operations  and  that  of  the  contracted  radiology  practices.  We  also  conduct  mandatory  educational  programs  designed  to familiarize our employees with the regulatory requirements and specific elements of our compliance program.

## Item 1A. Risk Factors

## General Economic and Industry Risks

## Adverse  changes  in  general  domestic  and  worldwide  economic  conditions  could  adversely  affect  our  operating  results, financial condition, and liquidity.

We are subject to risk arising from adverse changes in general domestic and global economic conditions, including recession or economic slowdown and disruption of credit markets. Concerns about the systemic impact of potential long-term and wide-spread recession, inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit have contributed to increased market volatility and diminished expectations for near-term growth in the United States and many global economies.

Continued  turbulence  in  domestic  and  international  markets  and  economies  may  adversely  affect  our  liquidity  and financial condition, and the liquidity and financial condition of our patients.  Patients may transition work, leaving insurance programs,  or  defer  non-emergency  procedures  which  could  reduce  overall  demand  for  our  services.    A  decline  in  global economic conditions could also have a significant impact on the financial condition and operations of our third party payors, contracting radiology groups, equipment manufacturers and other suppliers.

A downturn in the economic environment can also lead to increased risk of collection on our accounts receivable and impairment of goodwill, possible reductions in liquidity, as well as the risk of failure of derivative counterparties and other

financial  institutions.  These  and  other  economic  factors  can  materially  adversely  affect  our  business,  results  of  operations, financial condition and stock price.

## Increasing interest rates or disruption of credit markets could adversely affect our financial condition and liquidity.

In  response  to  recent  macroeconomic  concerns,  the  United  States  and  other  western  countries  have  implemented monetary policies focused on suppressing inflation, including increasing interest rates.  We operate in an industry that requires significant amounts of capital to fund operations, particularly the initial start-up and development expenses of new diagnostic imaging  centers  and  the  acquisition  of  additional  centers  and  new  diagnostic  imaging  equipment.    To  meet  these  capital requirements we have incurred various indebtedness including senior secured credit facilities and equipment leases.

Most of our indebtedness is borrowed under terms with variable interest rates.  We have purchased, and may in the future purchase, forward swaps or other derivative instruments designed to hedge the risk of changes in interest rates.  The use of  such  hedging  activities  may  not  be  effective  to  offset  any,  or  more  than  a  portion,  of  the  adverse  financial  effects  of unfavorable movements in interest rates over the limited time the hedges are in place.  If these market conditions continue, we may experience increased expenses associated with borrowing and resulting decreases in profitability.  Moreover, continued disruption  in  credit  markets  could  render  it  more  difficult  for  us  to  timely  replacing  maturing  liabilities  or  to  expand  credit facilities, which would adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition.

## We face various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We face various risks related to health epidemics and other outbreaks, including the global outbreak of COVID-19 (including the virus' variants that have emerged and could emerge in the future):

- Restrictions intended to slow the spread of COVID-19, including quarantines, government-mandated actions, stay-athome orders and other restrictions,  have  led  and  may  in  the  future  lead  to  periods  where  procedure  volumes  drop significantly;
- Disruptions  in  supply  chains  can  affect  the  cost  and  availability  of  reagents  and  other  materials  needed  for  certain procedures;
- Significant portions of our workforce may be unable to work illness, quarantines, facility closures, ineffective remote work arrangements or technology failures or limitations;
- General economic downturns as a result of COVID-19 may affect demand or pricing for our services; and
- Volatility in the global capital markets may result in a decrease in the price of our common stock, or an increase in our cost of capital.

Our results  of  operations  have  recovered  from  the  initial  outbreak  of  COVID-19,  but  a  further  outbreak  or  similar pandemic event would negatively impact our results of operations.  In addition, changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies  or  practices  as  a  result  of,  in  response  to  or  otherwise  relating  to  COVID-19,  including  the  wind-down  of  the COVID-19 Public Health Emergency (PHE) and similar federal and state regulatory measures, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Given the many uncertainties and far-reaching consequences of potential developments, we cannot assure that  the  COVID-19  outbreak  or  similar  event  will  not  require  extended  or  additional  diagnostic  center  closures  and  other disruptions to our business or will not materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition for significant periods of time moving forward.

## Business  interruptions  due  to  natural  disasters  or  other  external  events  beyond  our  control  can  adversely  affect  our business, financial condition or results of operations.

Our operations can be subject to external events beyond our control, such as the effects of earthquakes, fires, floods, severe weather, public health issues, power failures, telecommunication loss, and other natural and man-made events, some of which may be intensified by the effects of climate change and changing weather patterns. Our corporate headquarters and over 100  of  our  radiology  centers  are  located  in  California,  which  is  subject  to  wildfires,  blackouts,  and  potentially  damaging earthquakes. In addition, several of our centers located in parts of the east coast have suffered from weather events that caused us  to  temporarily  close  centers.    These  or  other  similar  events  could  cause  disruption  or  interruption  to  our  operations  and significantly impact our employees.

Any  disruption  to  our  services  may  result  in  decreases  in  revenues  or  increased  operating  and  capital  expenses. Historically, when we have experienced a reduction in business due to inclement weather or external events for a period of

time, our operations have returned to a normalized level, but we have not experience a significant increase of procedures that would fully compensate for the revenues lost during the slower periods.

## Changes in the method or rates of third-party reimbursement could have a negative impact on our results

A significant portion of our business is derived from federal and state reimbursement programs such as Medicare or Medicaid.  From time to time those programs implement changes designed to contain healthcare costs, some of which have resulted in decreased reimbursement rates for diagnostic imaging services that impact our business. On November 22, 2022, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services ('CMS')  released the 2022 Medicare Physician Fee Schedule final rule, which contained significant payment reductions effective January 1, 2023 for radiology services as a result of changes to relative value units, redistributive effects of the CMS proposed clinical labor pricing update and statutorily mandated budget neutrality rules. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, enacted on December 29, 2022, mitigated to a certain extent the reimbursement cuts, but did not completely eliminate them. Furthermore, absent further and more permanent intervention from Congress, CMS could propose and impose similar or more significant reimbursement cuts in the months and years ahead .

One of the principal objectives of health maintenance organizations and preferred provider organizations is to control the cost of healthcare services. Managed care contracting has become very competitive, and reimbursement schedules are at or below Medicare reimbursement levels. The expansion of health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and other managed care organizations within the geographic areas covered by our network could have a negative impact on the utilization and pricing of our services, because these organizations will exert greater control over patients' access to diagnostic imaging  services,  the  selections  of  the  provider  of  such  services  and  reimbursement  rates  for  those  services.  Relatedly, reimbursement rate cuts may be pursued as a cost-saving measure by third party payors resulting from the implementation of the federal No Surprises Act (H.R. 133) and similar insurer-provider payment dispute laws, which also may negatively impact our revenue.

Any  reduction  in  the  rate  that  we  can  charge  for  our  imaging  services  under  these  programs  will  reduce  our  net revenues  and  our  operating  margins  per  procedure  under  those  reimbursement  programs.  Unless  we  can  secure  additional procedure volumes, increase utilization of our equipment, or change the overall mix of service procedures that we provide, a decline in reimbursement rates will reduce our net revenues and results of operations.

## We experience competition from other diagnostic imaging companies and hospitals, and this competition could adversely affect our revenue and business.

The market for diagnostic imaging services is highly competitive. We compete for patients principally on the basis of our reputation, our ability to provide multiple modalities at many of our centers, the location of our centers and the quality of our diagnostic imaging services. Our competitors include independent imaging operators, such as Akumin, Inc., which recently acquired Alliance Healthcare Services, and smaller regional operators, as well as hospitals, clinics and radiology groups that operate  their  own  imaging  equipment.  Some  of  our  competitors  may  have,  now  or  in  the  future,  access  to  greater  financial resources than we do and may have access to newer, more advanced equipment. If we are unable to successfully compete, our business and financial condition would be adversely affected.

## Technological change in our industry could reduce the demand for our services and require us to incur significant costs to upgrade our equipment.

The development of new technologies or refinements of existing modalities may require us to upgrade and enhance our existing equipment before we may otherwise intend. Many companies currently manufacture diagnostic imaging equipment. Competition among manufacturers for a greater share of the diagnostic imaging equipment market may result in technological advances in the speed and imaging capacity of new equipment. In addition, advances in technology may enable physicians and others to perform diagnostic imaging procedures without us.

Our scale in both the number of our locations and the number and types of imaging equipment we offer is one of our competitive advantages.  If the development of new technologies accelerates the obsolescence of our current equipment, we may lose some of our competitive advantage.  We may also be required to accelerate the depreciation on existing equipment and incur significant capital expenditures to acquire the new technologies.  We may not have the financial ability to acquire the new or improved equipment and may not be able to maintain a competitive equipment base.

## Business Risks

## If our contracted radiology practices terminate their agreements with us, our business could substantially diminish.

Our business is substantially dependent on the radiology groups that we contract with to provide medical services. The radiology groups are party to substantially all of the managed care contracts from which we derive revenue.  Under the terms of our management agreements, these radiology groups must use their best efforts to provide medical services at our centers as well  as  any  new  centers  that  we  open  or  acquire  in  their  areas  of  operation.  Although  our  management  agreements  are  for multiple years, the radiology groups have the right to terminate the agreements if we default on our obligations and fail to cure the  default.  Also,  the  various  radiology  groups'  ability  to  continue  performing  under  the  management  agreements  may  be curtailed or eliminated due to the radiology groups' own financial difficulties, loss of physicians or other circumstances.

If any of our contracted radiology groups cannot perform their obligations to us, we would need to contract with one or more  other  radiology  groups  to  provide  the  professional  medical  services.  We  may  not  be  able  to  locate  radiology  groups willing  to  provide  those  services  on  terms  acceptable  to  us,  if  at  all.  In  addition,  the  radiology  group's  relationships  with referring physicians are largely responsible for the revenue generated at the centers they service. Any replacement radiology group's relationships with referring physicians may not be as extensive as those of the terminated group. The termination of a management agreement with a radiology group could result in both short and long-term loss of revenue and adversely affect our performance and competitive position in the markets served by the departing radiology group.

## We are dependent on the ability of our contracted radiology practices, including the Group, to hire and retain qualified radiologists.

At times, there has been a shortage of qualified radiologists in some of the regional markets we serve. Competition in recruiting radiologists may make it difficult for our contracted radiology practices to maintain adequate levels of radiologists. If a significant number of radiologists terminate their relationships with our contracted radiology practices and those radiology practices cannot recruit sufficient qualified radiologists to fulfill their obligations under our agreements with them, our ability to maximize the use of our diagnostic imaging centers and our financial results could be adversely affected.

We are experiencing tighter labor conditions in some of the markets we serve.  As a result our contracting radiological practices  have  experienced  increased  salary  and  professional  services  expenses.    Increased  expenses  for  the  contracting radiological practices, including the Group, impacts our financial results because the management fee we receive from them, which is based on a percentage of their collections, is adjusted annually to take into account their expenses. Neither we, nor our contracted radiology practices, maintain insurance on the lives of any affiliated physicians.

## Our ability to generate revenue depends in large part on referrals from physicians.

We depend on unaffiliated physicians and other third parties who have no contractual obligations to refer patients to us for a substantial portion of the services we perform. If a sufficiently large number of these physicians and other third parties were  to  discontinue  referring  patients  to  us,  our  imaging  procedure  volume  would  decrease,  which  would  reduce  our  net revenue and operating margins.

Further,  commercial  third-party  payors  have  implemented  managed  care  programs  that  could  limit  the  ability  of physicians to refer patients to us. For example, health maintenance organizations sometimes contract directly with providers and require their enrollees to obtain these services exclusively from those contracted providers. Some insurance companies and self-insured employers also limit these services to contracted providers. These 'closed panel' systems are now common in the managed  care  environment.  Other  systems  such  as  preferred  physician  organizations  create  an  economic  disincentive  for referrals to providers outside the system's designated panel of providers. We seek to be the designated provider under these systems. If we are unable to compete successfully for these managed care contracts, our net revenues and our prospects for growth could be adversely affected.

## We may become subject to professional malpractice liability, which could be costly and negatively impact our reputation and business.

The physicians employed by our contracted radiology groups are from time to time subject to malpractice claims. We structure our relationships with the radiology groups under our management agreements in a manner that we believe does not constitute the practice of medicine by us, or subject us to professional malpractice claims for acts or omissions of physicians employed by the contracted radiology practices. Nevertheless, claims relating to services provided by the contracted radiology practices have been asserted against us in the past and may be asserted against us in the future. In addition, we may be subject to other professional liability claims, including for improper use or malfunction of our diagnostic imaging equipment, or for accidental contamination, or injury from exposure to radiation.

We seek to manage this risk through the purchase of professional liability insurance. Any claim made against us that is not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend, result in a substantial damage award against us and divert the attention of our management from our operations, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. In addition,

successful claims against us may adversely affect our business or reputation. Although California places a $250,000 limit on non-economic damages for medical malpractice cases, no limit applies to economic damages and no such limits exist in the other states in which we provide services.

Even  if  we  purchase  professional  liability  insurance  we  are  dependent  on  the  creditworthiness  of  the  insurance provider.    For  a  period  of  time  ending  in  July  2017  we  purchased  professional  liability  insurance  from  Fairway  Physicians Insurance Company, A Risk Retention Group ('Fairway').  Fairway experienced financial hardship.  As a result, on August 29, 2017, the District of Columbia Department of Insurance, Securities and Banking ('DISB') found that Fairway was statutorily insolvent and that its continued operation would be hazardous to its policyholders, creditors and the general public. On October 25,  2017,  the  Superior  Court  for  the  District  of  Columbia  issued  an  order  authorizing  the  DISB  Commissioner  to  liquidate Fairway. Fairway's liquidation is currently pending, and it is presently unknown whether the Fairway liquidation estate will be able to pay covered policyholder claims, including claims asserted against us.

## We may not receive payment from some of our healthcare provider customers because of their financial circumstances.

We contract with commercial insurance and managed care providers to provide diagnostic imaging services to their members. Some of our healthcare provider customers do not have significant financial resources, liquidity or access to capital. If these customers experience financial difficulties they may be unable to pay us for the services that we provide. A significant deterioration in general or local economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on the financial health of certain of our healthcare provider customers. If our health care provider customers suffer financial hardship they could delay or default on their payment obligations to us, reducing our accounts receivable and negatively impacting our results of operations.

## Capitation fee arrangements could reduce our operating margins.

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  we  derived  approximately  11%  of  our  total  net  revenue  from  capitation arrangements, and we expect to continue to derive a significant portion of our revenue from capitation arrangements in the future. Under capitation arrangements, the payor pays us a pre-determined amount per-patient per-month, and in exchange we are required to provide all necessary covered services to the patients covered under the arrangement. These contracts pass much of  the  financial  risk  of  providing  diagnostic  imaging  services,  including  the  risk  of  over-use,  from  the  payor  to  us  as  the provider. Our ability to generate profit from these arrangements is dependent on our ability to correctly forecast demand for services for the patient base, negotiate appropriate pre-determined amounts with the payor and efficiently manage the utilization of those services. If we are not successful in forecasting demand patients or enrollees covered by these contracts require more frequent  or  extensive  care  than  anticipated,  or  if  we  are  not  efficient  in  managing  the  utilization  of  services  under  these capitation arrangements, we would incur unanticipated costs not offset by additional revenue, which would reduce operating margins.

## Disruption or malfunction in our information systems could adversely affect our business.

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit and store electronic information. A significant portion of the communication between personnel, customers, business partners, and suppliers depends on information technology. We rely  on  our  information  systems  to  perform  functions  critical  to  our  ability  to  operate,  including  patient  scheduling,  billing, collections, image storage and image transmission. We also use information technology systems and networks in our operations and supporting departments such as marketing, accounting, finance, and human resources. The future success and growth of our business  depends  on  streamlined  processes  made  available  through  information  systems,  global  communications,  internet activity and other network processes.

Our information technology system is vulnerable to damage or interruption from:

- earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters;
- power  losses,  computer  systems  failures,  internet  and  telecommunications  or  data  network  failures,  operator negligence, improper operation by or supervision of employees, physical and electronic losses of data and similar events; and
- computer viruses, security attacks and breaches, coordinated attacks by hackers or activist entities seeking to disrupt operations or misappropriate information and other breaches of security; and
- acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors and similar events.

These threats are constantly changing, increasing the difficulty of successfully defending against them  or implementing adequate preventive measures. We maintain multiple layers of security measures and are continuously enhancing

our security technologies to address new threats.  Our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Emerging and advanced security threats, including coordinated attacks, require additional layers of security which may disrupt or impact efficiency of operations.

We have in the past experienced unauthorized access to our network and could again face attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to information or to introduce malicious software to disrupt the operation of our information technology systems. Any unauthorized access to our information technology systems could have a material adverse impact on our business or operations. Responding to such incidents could require us to incur significant costs related to rebuilding internal systems, defending  against  litigation,  responding  to  regulatory  inquiries  or  actions,  paying  damages,  complying  with  consumer protection  laws  or  taking  other  remedial  steps  with  respect  to  third  parties.  An  extended  interruption  in  our  information technology system's function could significantly limit our ability to conduct our business and generate revenue.  If our data storage  system  was  compromised,  it  could  also  give  rise  to  unwanted  media  attention,  materially  damage  our  payor  and physician relationships, and harm our business reputation.  While we maintain cyber liability insurance, our insurance may not be sufficient to protect against all losses we may incur if we suffer significant or multiple attacks.

## Our success depends in part on our key personnel and loss of key executives could adversely affect our operations.

Our  success  depends  in  part  on  our  ability  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  senior  and  executive  management,  and managerial  and  technical  personnel.  The  loss  of  the  services  of  Dr.  Howard  G.  Berger,  our  President  and  Chief  Executive Officer,  and  Norman  R.  Hames  or  Stephen  M.  Forthuber,  our  Chief  Operating  Officers,  West  Coast  and  East  Coast, respectively, could hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and have a significant negative impact on our operations. We believe that they could not easily be replaced with executives of equal experience and capabilities, which would adversely affect our business.

## Former employees and radiology practices we have previously contracted with could use the experience and relationships developed while employed or under contract with us to compete with us.

A former executive, manager or other key employee who joins one of our competitors could use the relationships he or she established with third party payors, radiologists or referring physicians while our employee and the industry knowledge he or she acquired during that tenure to enhance the new employer's ability to compete with us.  The agreements with most of our radiology practices contain non-compete provisions; however the enforceability of these provisions is generally subject to a 'reasonableness'  standard  determined  by  a  court  based  on  the  facts  and  circumstances  of  the  specific  case  at  the  time enforcement is sought.  Many of the states in which we operate do not enforce agreements that prohibit a former employee from competing with a former employer. As a result, many of our employees whose employment is terminated are free to compete with  us,  subject  to  prohibitions  on  the  use  of  trade  secret  information  and,  depending  on  the  terms  of  the  employee's employment  agreement,  on  solicitation  of  existing  employees  and  customers  (if  enforceable).    Our  inability  to  enforce radiologists' non-compete provisions could result in increased competition from individuals who are knowledgeable about our business strategies and operations.

## The future growth of our imaging business is partially dependent on our ability to continue to identify, complete and successfully integrate acquired businesses.

Historically,  we  have  experienced  substantial  growth  through  acquisitions  that  have  increased  our  size,  scope  and geographic distribution. During the past two fiscal years, we have completed 24 acquisitions. These acquisitions have added 35 centers to our fixed-site outpatient diagnostic imaging services. Our ability to successfully expand through acquiring centers, developing new centers, adding equipment at existing centers, and directly or indirectly entering into contractual relationships with high-quality radiology practices depends upon many factors, including our ability to:

- identify attractive and willing candidates for acquisitions;
- identify locations in existing or new markets for development of new centers;
- comply with legal requirements affecting our arrangements with contracted radiology practices;
- obtain regulatory approvals where necessary and comply with licensing and certification requirements applicable to our diagnostic imaging centers, the contracted radiology practices and their associated physicians;
- recruit a sufficient number of qualified radiology technologists and other non-medical personnel;
- expand our infrastructure and management; and
- compete for opportunities.

We may not be able to compete effectively for the acquisition of diagnostic imaging centers. Our competitors may have more established operating histories and greater resources than we do. Competition may also make any acquisitions more

expensive.    If  we  are  unable  to  successfully  grow  our  business  through  acquisitions  it  could  have  an  adverse  effect  on  our financial condition and results of operations.

## Our failure  to  successfully,  and  in  a  timely  manner,  integrate  acquired  businesses  and/or  new  lines  of  businesses  could reduce our profitability.

We  may  never  realize  expected  synergies  or  capitalize  on  expected  business  opportunities  in  connection  with  an acquisition.  Moreover, assumptions underlying estimates of expected cost savings may be inaccurate, or general industry and business  conditions  may  deteriorate.  Integrating  operations  requires  significant  efforts  and  expense  on  our  part.  Our management may have its attention diverted while trying to integrate  an  acquisition.  Personnel  may  leave  or  be  terminated because of an acquisition. If these factors limit our ability to integrate the operations of an acquisition successfully or on a timely basis,  our  expectations  of  future  results  of  operations,  including  certain  cost  savings  and  synergies  as  a  result  of  the acquisition, may not be met.

In the past we have acquired, and may again in the future acquire, companies that create a new line of business. The process of integrating the acquired business, technology, service and research and development component into our business and  operations  and  entry  into  a  new  line  of  business  in  which  we  are  inexperienced  may  result  in  unforeseen  operating difficulties and expenditures. In developing a new line of business, we may invest significant time and resources that take away the attention of management that would otherwise be available for ongoing development of our business. In addition, there can be no assurance that our new lines of business will ultimately be successful. The failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## We may not generate the expected benefits from our recent investment in AI technologies.

We believe that technology advancements including AI will significantly impact diagnostic imaging services in the future. As  part  of  our  growth  strategy  we  have  acquired  or  invested  in  a  number  of  AI  companies  and  technologies,  including DeepHealth, Inc., NeuroLogix, Inc., WhiteRabbit.ai, Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V.  Our focus in AI technologies is aimed  at  developing  solutions  that  improve  the  quality  of  diagnostic  imaging,  reduce  operating  costs,  and  correspondingly improve our competitive position.  The success of our AI investments will depend upon a number of factors, some of which are out of our control, such as:

- our ability to effectively integrate the operations of the acquired companies, including retaining key personnel;
- the timeline and related expenses associated with applying for regulatory approvals necessary for commercialization;
- whether any of our existing or future AI products will receive European CE or U.S. FDA 510(k) clearance or other clearances and or regulatory approvals necessary for commercialization;
- whether our AI solutions will prove effective for improving health care quality, patient services or business procedures;
- our ability to successfully commercialize and secure market acceptance of our AI solutions from patients and health care providers; and
- the development of competing technologies by other companies, and the relative efficacy, cost and ease of use of those technologies.

There is no guarantee that we will receive the anticipated benefits from the investments we have made and may continue to  make  in  the  area  of  AI.    Any  failure  would  result  in  reduced  operating  profits  and  the  potential  impairment  of  goodwill related to those investments, which would further impact our profitability.

## Healthcare and Regulatory Risks

## The regulatory framework in which we operate is uncertain and evolving.

Although we believe that we are operating in compliance with applicable federal and state laws, neither our current or anticipated  business  operations  nor  the  operations  of  our  contracted  radiology  practices  have  been  the  subject  of  judicial  or regulatory interpretation. We cannot assure you that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in  a  determination  that  could  adversely  affect  our  operations.  In  addition,  healthcare  laws  and  regulations  may  change significantly in the future in a way that restricts our operations. We continuously monitor these developments and modify our operations from time to time as the regulatory environment changes. We cannot assure you however, that we will be able to adapt our operations to address new regulations or that new regulations will not adversely affect our business.

Certain  states  have  enacted  statutes  or  adopted  regulations  affecting  risk  assumption  in  the  healthcare  industry, including  statutes  and  regulations  that  subject  any  physician  or  physician  network  engaged  in  risk-based  managed  care

contracting to comply with applicable insurance laws. These laws, if adopted in the states in which we operate, may require physicians  and  physician  networks  to  meet  minimum  capital  requirements  and  other  safety  and  soundness  requirements. Implementing  additional  regulations  or  compliance  requirements  could  result  in  substantial  costs  to  us  and  the  contracted radiology practices and limit our ability to enter into capitation or other risk-sharing managed care arrangements.

## We may be impacted by eligibility changes to government and private insurance programs.

Due  to  potential  decreased  availability  of  healthcare  through  private  employers,  the  number  of  patients  who  are uninsured or participate in governmental programs may increase. Healthcare reform legislation will increase the participation of individuals in the Medicaid program in states that elect to participate in the expanded Medicaid coverage. A shift in payor mix from managed care and other private payors to government payors as well as an increase in the number of uninsured patients may result in a reduction in the rates of reimbursement or an increase in uncollectible receivables or uncompensated care, with a corresponding decrease in net revenue. Changes in the eligibility requirements for governmental programs and state decisions on whether to participate in the expansion of such programs also could increase the number of patients who participate in such programs and the number of uninsured patients. Even for those patients who remain in private insurance plans, changes to those plans  could  increase  patient  financial  responsibility,  resulting  in  a  greater  risk  of  uncollectible  receivables.  Furthermore, additional changes to, or rollback of, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, whether through legislation or judicial action, may also affect reimbursement and coverage in ways that are currently unpredictable. These factors and events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

## Complying with federal and state regulations is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties.

We are directly or indirectly, through the radiology practices with which we contract, subject to extensive regulation by both the federal government and the state governments in which we provide services, including:

- the federal False Claims Act;
- the federal Medicare and Medicaid Anti-Kickback Statute, and state anti-kickback prohibitions;
- federal and state billing and claims submission laws and regulations;
- HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and comparable state laws;
- the federal physician self-referral prohibition commonly known as the Stark Law and state equivalents;
- state laws that prohibit the corporate practice of medicine and prohibit similar fee-splitting arrangements;
- federal  and  state  laws  governing  the  diagnostic  imaging  and  therapeutic  equipment  we  use  in  our  business concerning patient safety, equipment operating specifications and radiation exposure levels;
- state  laws  governing  reimbursement  for  diagnostic  services  related  to  services  compensable  under  workers' compensation rules; and
- federal and state environmental and health and safety laws.

If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws and regulations to which we or the radiology practices with which we contract are subject, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and the  curtailment  of  our  operations.  Any  penalties,  damages,  fines  or  curtailment  of  our  operations,  individually  or  in  the aggregate, could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. The risks of our being found in violation  of  these  laws  and  regulations  is  increased  by  the  fact  that  many  of  them  have  not  been  fully  interpreted  by  the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Any action brought against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management's attention from the operation of our business.

## State and federal anti-kickback and anti-self-referral laws may adversely affect income.

Various federal and state laws govern financial arrangements among healthcare providers. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration in return for, or to induce,  the  referral  of  Medicare,  Medicaid,  or  other  federal  healthcare  program  patients,  or  in  return  for,  or  to  induce,  the purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered by Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs. Similarly, many state laws prohibit the solicitation, payment or receipt of remuneration in return for, or to induce the referral of patients  in  private  as  well  as  government  programs.  Violation  of  these  anti-kickback  laws  may  result  in  substantial  civil  or criminal  penalties  for  individuals  or  entities  and/or  exclusion  from  federal  or  state  healthcare  programs.  We  believe  we  are operating in compliance with applicable law and believe that our arrangements with providers would not be found to violate the anti-kickback laws. However, these laws could be interpreted in a manner inconsistent with our operations.

Federal law prohibiting certain physician self-referrals, known as the Stark Law, prohibits a physician from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to an entity for certain 'designated health services' if the physician has a prohibited financial relationship with that entity, unless an exception applies. Certain radiology services are considered 'designated health services' under the Stark Law. Although we believe our operations do not violate the Stark Law, our activities may be challenged. If a challenge is successful, it could have an adverse effect on our operations. In addition, legislation may be enacted in the future that further addresses Medicare and Medicaid fraud and abuse or imposes additional regulatory burdens on us.

In addition, under the Deficit Recovery Act, states enacting false claims statutes similar to the federal False Claims Act,  which  establish  liability  for  submission  of  fraudulent  claims  to  the  State  Medicaid  program  and  contain  qui  tam  or whistleblower  provisions,  receive  an  increased  percentage  of  any  recovery  from  a  State  Medicaid  judgment  or  settlement. Adoption of new false claims statutes in states where we operate may impose additional burdens on us.

## If we fail to comply with various licensure, certification and accreditation standards, we may be subject to loss of licensure, certification or accreditation, which would adversely affect our operations.

Ownership, construction, operation, expansion and acquisition of our diagnostic imaging centers are subject to various federal and state laws, regulations and approvals concerning licensing of personnel, other required certificates for certain types of healthcare facilities and certain medical equipment. In addition, freestanding diagnostic imaging centers that provide services independent of a physician's office must be enrolled by Medicare as an independent diagnostic treatment facility, or IDTF, to bill the Medicare program. Medicare carriers have discretion in applying the IDTF requirements and therefore the application of these requirements may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.

In addition, federal legislation requires all suppliers that provide the technical component of diagnostic MRI, PET/CT, CT, and nuclear medicine to be accredited by an accreditation organization designated by CMS (which currently include the American College of Radiology (ACR), the Intersocietal Accreditation Commission (IAC) and the Joint Commission). Our MRI,  CT,  nuclear  medicine,  ultrasound  and  mammography  centers  are  currently  accredited  by  the  American  College  of Radiology.  We  may  not  be  able  to  receive  the  required  regulatory  approvals  or  accreditation  for  any  future  acquisitions, expansions or replacements, and the failure to obtain these approvals could limit the opportunity to expand our services.

Credentialing  of  physicians  is  required  by  our  payors  prior  to  commencing  payment.  We  have  experienced  a slowdown in the credentialing of our physicians over the last several years which has lengthened our billing and collection cycle, and could negatively impact our ability to collect revenue from patients covered by Medicare.

Our centers are subject to periodic inspection by governmental and other authorities to assure continued compliance with the various standards necessary for licensure and certification. If any facility loses its certification under the Medicare program, then the facility will be ineligible to receive reimbursement from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately 22% and 3% of our net service fee revenue came from Medicare and various state Medicaid programs, respectively. A change in the applicable certification status of one of our centers could adversely affect our other centers and in turn us as a whole.

## Our agreements with the contracted radiology practices must be structured to avoid the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting.

The laws of certain states prohibit us from exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions of physicians and  from  engaging  in  certain  financial  arrangements,  such  as  splitting  professional  fees  with  physicians.  These  laws  are enforced by state courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. A component of our business has been to enter into  management  agreements  with  radiology  practices.  We  provide  management,  administrative,  technical  and  other  nonmedical  services  to  the  radiology  practices  in  exchange  for  a  service  fee  typically  based  on  a  percentage  of  the  practice's revenue. We structure our relationships with the radiology practices, including the purchase of diagnostic imaging centers, in a manner that we believe keeps us from engaging in the practice of medicine or exercising control over the medical judgments or decisions  of  the  radiology  practices  or  their  physicians,  or  violating  the  prohibitions  against  fee-splitting.  State  laws  and enforcement efforts regarding corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting are often subject to change.  As a consequence, there  can  be  no  assurance  that  our  present  arrangements  with  the  Group  or  the  physicians  providing  medical  services  and medical supervision at our imaging centers will not be challenged, and, if challenged, that they will not be found to violate the corporate practice of medicine or fee splitting prohibitions, thus subjecting us to potential damages, injunction and/or civil and criminal penalties or require us to restructure our arrangements in a way that would affect the control or quality of our services and/or change the amounts we receive under our management agreements.

## If  we  fail  to  comply  with  federal  and  state  privacy  and  information  security  laws  mandating  protection  of  certain confidential data against disclosure, including cybersecurity attacks, we may be subject to government or private actions.

We must comply with numerous federal and state laws and regulations governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy of PHI, including HIPAA and its implementing privacy and security regulations, as amended by the federal HITECH Act (collectively, 'HIPAA'). Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents.

Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems (including our networks) and data, or to defend against cybersecurity attacks, could subject us to monetary fines, civil suits, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. We could also be required to disclose the breach publicly, which may damage our business reputation with our patients and vendors and cause a further material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.

## Some of our imaging modalities use radioactive materials, which generate regulated waste and could subject us to liabilities for injuries or violations of environmental and health and safety laws.

Some of our imaging procedures use radioactive materials, which generate medical and other regulated wastes. For example, patients are injected with a radioactive substance before undergoing a PET scan. Storage, use and disposal of these materials and waste products present the risk of accidental environmental contamination and physical injury. We are subject to federal, state and local regulations governing storage, handling and disposal of these materials. We could incur significant costs and the diversion of our management's attention in order to comply with current or future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Also, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these hazardous materials. Although we maintain professional liability insurance coverage in amounts we believe is consistent with industry practice in the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, and any liability could exceed the limits of or fall outside the coverage of our professional liability insurance.

## Financial Risks

## Because we have high fixed costs, lower scan volumes and revenues could adversely affect our business.

The principal components of our expenses are debt service, capital lease payments, depreciation, compensation paid to technologists, salaries, real estate lease expenses and equipment maintenance costs. Because a majority of these expenses are fixed,  a  relatively  small  change  in  our  revenue  could  have  a  disproportionate  effect  on  our  operating  and  financial  results depending on the source of our revenue. Thus, decreased revenue as a result of lower scan volumes per system could result in lower margins, which would materially adversely affect the profitability our business.

## Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness.

Our  current  substantial  indebtedness  and  any  future  indebtedness  we  incur  could  adversely  affect  our  financial condition. We are highly leveraged. As of December 31, 2022 term loan indebtedness, excluding related discount, was $864.1 million, of which the Barclays credit facility term loans were $714.1 million and the Truist credit facility term loan was $150.0 million. Our substantial indebtedness could also:

- make it difficult for us to satisfy our payment obligations with respect to our outstanding indebtedness;
- require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;
- expose us to the risk of interest rate increases on our variable rate borrowings, including borrowings under our new senior secured credit facilities;
- increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions;
- limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;
- place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
- limit our ability to borrow additional funds on terms that are satisfactory to us or at all.

## A restriction in our ability to make capital expenditures would restrict our growth and could adversely affect our business.

We  operate  in  a  capital  intensive,  high  fixed-cost  industry  that  requires  significant  amounts  of  capital  to  fund operations, particularly the initial start-up and development expenses of new diagnostic imaging centers and the acquisition of

additional centers and new diagnostic imaging equipment. We incur capital expenditures to, among other things, upgrade and replace equipment for existing centers and expand within our existing markets and enter new markets. If we open or acquire additional imaging centers, we may have to incur material capital lease obligations. To the extent we are unable to generate sufficient cash from our operations, funds are not available under our credit facilities or we are unable to structure or obtain financing  through  operating  leases,  finance  leases  or  long-term  installment  notes,  we  may  be  unable  to  meet  the  capital expenditure requirements necessary to support the maintenance and continued growth of our operations.

## We may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill, other intangible assets, or other long-lived assets, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.

When  we  acquire  businesses  we  are  generally  required  to  allocate  the  purchase  price  to  various  assets  including goodwill and other intangible assets.  During 2020 we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of $4.2 million and they were written off in full.  We are required to perform impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinitelived intangible assets annually and whenever events or circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that impairment exists.  We are also required to perform an impairment test of definite lived intangible or other long-lived assets when indicators of impairment are present. A decline in the Company's operating results, future estimated cash flows and other assumptions could impact our estimated fair values, potentially leading to a material impairment of goodwill, other intangible assets, or other long-lived assets, which could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.

## Our credit facilities and instruments governing our other indebtedness restrict certain operations of our business.

Our credit facilities contain affirmative and negative covenants which restrict, among other things, our ability to:

- pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments or investments;
- incur additional indebtedness and certain disqualified equity interests;
- create liens (other than permitted liens) securing indebtedness or trade payables;
- sell  certain  assets  or  merge  with  or  into  other  companies  or  otherwise  dispose  of  all  or  substantially  all  of  our assets;
- enter into certain transactions with affiliates;
- create restrictions on dividends or other payments by our restricted subsidiaries; and
- create guarantees of indebtedness by restricted subsidiaries.

All of these restrictions could affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential  business  opportunities  as  they  arise.  A  failure  to  comply  with  these  covenants  and  restrictions  would  permit  the relevant creditors to declare all amounts borrowed under the applicable agreement governing such indebtedness, together with accrued interest and fees, to be immediately due and payable. If the indebtedness under our credit facilities is accelerated, we may not have sufficient assets to repay amounts due under the credit facilities or on other indebtedness then outstanding.

## Capital Markets Risks

## Possible volatility in our stock price could negatively affect us and our stockholders.

The trading price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market has fluctuated significantly in the past. During the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022, the trading price of our common stock fluctuated from a high of $38.84  per  share  to  a  low  of  $12.03  per  share.  In  the  past,  we  have  experienced  a  drop  in  stock  price  following  an announcement of disappointing earnings or earnings guidance. Any such announcement in the future could lead to a similar drop in stock price. The price of our common stock could also be subject to wide fluctuations in the future as a result of a number of other factors, including the following:

- changes in expectations as to future financial performance or buy/sell recommendations of securities analysts;
- our,  or  a  competitor's,  announcement  of  new  services,  or  significant  acquisitions,  strategic  partnerships,  joint ventures or capital commitments; and
- the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies.

In  addition,  the  U.S.  securities  markets  periodically  experience  significant  price  and  volume  fluctuations.  These fluctuations often have been unrelated to the operating performance of companies in these markets. Broad market and industry factors may lead to volatility in the price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance.

In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of an individual company's securities, securities class action litigation often has been instituted against that company. The institution of similar litigation against us could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management's attention and resources, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

## Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and our organizational documents may discourage an acquisition of us.

In  the  future,  we  could  become  the  subject  of  an  unsolicited  attempted  takeover  of  our  company.  Although  an unsolicited  takeover  could  be  in  the  best  interests  of  our  stockholders,  our  organizational  documents  and  the  General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware both contain provisions that will impede the removal of directors and may discourage a third-party from making a proposal to acquire us. For example, the provisions:

- permit the board of directors to increase its own size, within the maximum limitations set forth in the bylaws, and fill the resulting vacancies;
- authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series without a stockholder vote;
- establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to the board of directors; and
- prohibit transfers and/or acquisitions of stock (without consent of the Board of Directors ) that would result in any stockholder owning greater than 5% of the currently outstanding stock resulting in a limitation on net operating loss  carryovers,  capital  loss  carryovers,  general  business  credit  carryovers,  alternative  minimum  tax  credit carryovers  and  foreign  tax  credit  carryovers,  as  well  as  any  loss  or  deduction  attributable  to  a  'net  unrealized built-in loss' within the meaning of Section 382 of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended.

We are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control.

## Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

## Item 2. Properties

Our corporate headquarters is located in adjoining premises at 1508, 1510 and 1516 Cotner Avenue, Los Angeles, California  90025,  and  approximately  21,500  square  feet  is  occupied  under  these  leases,  which  including  options,  expire June 30, 2027. We also have a regional office of approximately 39,000 square feet in Baltimore, Maryland under a lease, which including  options,  expires  September  30,  2028.  In  addition,  we  lease  approximately  36,700  square  feet  of  warehouse  space nationwide, which expire at various dates, including options, through December 31, 2028.

At December 31, 2022, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York.  We lease the premises at which these facilities are located and do not have options to purchase the facilities we rent. Our most common initial term varies in length from 5 to 15 years. Including renewal options negotiated with the landlord, we can have a total span of 10 to 35 years at the facilities we lease. We also lease smaller satellite X-Ray locations on mutually renewable terms, usually lasting one year. Rental increases can range from 1% to 10% on an annual basis, depending on the location and market conditions where we do business.

As of December 31, 2022, total square footage operated directly or indirectly under lease, including medical office, administrative and warehouse locations, was approximately 2.8 million square feet.  All leasing activity described relates solely to our Imaging Center segment, as our AI segment leasing activity is immaterial.

## Item 3. Legal Proceedings

We are engaged from time to time in the defense of lawsuits arising out of the ordinary course and conduct of our business.  We  believe  that  the  outcome  of  our  current  litigation  will  not  have  a  material  adverse  impact  on  our  business, financial condition and results of operations. However, we could be subsequently named as a defendant in other lawsuits that could adversely affect us.

## Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

## PART II

## Item 5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

## Principal Trading Market

Our common stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol 'RDNT'.

## Holders

As of  February 23, 2023, the number of holders of record of our common stock was 1,136.

## Dividends

We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not expect to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. Our current credit facilities  place  restrictions  on  our  ability  to  issue  dividends.  See  discussion  under  'Liquidity  and  Capital Resources' regarding our current credit facilities. Payment of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and such other factors as the board of directors deems relevant.

## Stock Performance Graph

The following graph compares the yearly percentage change in cumulative total stockholder return of our common stock during the period from 2017 to 2022 with (i) the cumulative total return of the S&amp;P 500 index and (ii) the cumulative total return of the S&amp;P 500 - Healthcare Sector index. The comparison assumes $100 was invested on December 29, 2017 in our common stock and in each of the foregoing indices and the reinvestment of dividends through December 30, 2022. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance.

This graph shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this Form 10-K into any filing under the Securities Act or under the Exchange Act, except to the extent that RadNet specifically incorporates this information by reference, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL RETURN PERCENTAGE Years Ending

| Company / Index  12/31/18  12/31/19  12/31/20  12/31/21  12/30/22  RadNet, Inc.  0.69  99.61  (3.6)  53.86  (37.46)  S&amp;P 500 Index  (4.38)  31.49  18.4  28.71  (18.11)  S&amp;P Health Care Sector  6.47  20.82  13.45  26.13  (1.95)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Base  INDEXED RETURNS  Years Ending  Period  Company / Index  12/29/17  12/31/18  12/31/19  12/31/20  12/31/21  12/30/22  RadNet, Inc.  100  100.69  200.99  193.76  298.12  186.44  S&amp;P 500 Index  100  95.62  125.72  148.85  191.58  156.88  S&amp;P Health Care Sector  100  106.47  128.64  145.93  184.07  180.47   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities

On November 1, 2022, we acquired a 75% controlling interest in Heart and Lung Imaging Limited in part by issuing 359,002 shares at $19.06 per share with a fair value of $6.8 million.  The shares of common stock were issued to the four holders of the outstanding equity of Heart and Lung Imaging Limited.  The shares were issued without registration on the basis of the exemption for private placement transactions provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act.

## Item 6. Reserved

Not Required.

## Item 7 . Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ('MD&amp;A') is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of RadNet Inc. MD&amp;A is provided as a supplement  to,  and  should  be  read  in  conjunction  with,  our  consolidated  financial  statements  and  the  accompanying  notes included in this annual report on Form 10-K.

## Overview

We are a national provider of diagnostic imaging services in the United States. At December 31, 2022, we operated directly  or  indirectly  through  joint  ventures  with  hospitals,  357  centers  located  in  Arizona,  California,  Delaware,  Florida, Maryland,  New  Jersey,  and  New  York.  Our  operations  comprise  two  segments  for  financial  reporting  purposes  for  this reporting period, Imaging Centers and Artificial Intelligence. For further financial information about these segments, see Note 5, Segment Reporting, in the notes accompanying our consolidated financial statement included in this annual report on Form 10-K..

Our  centers  provide  physicians  with  imaging  capabilities  to  facilitate  the  diagnosis  and  treatment  of  diseases  and disorders and may reduce unnecessary invasive procedures, often reducing the cost and amount of care for patients.  Integral to the  imaging  center  business  is  our  software  arm  headed  by  eRAD,  Inc.,  which  sells  computerized  systems  that  distribute, display, store and retrieve digital images. Internationally, our subsidiary Heart and Lung Imaging LLC, provides teleradiology services for remote interpretation of images on behalf of providers within the framework of the United Kingdom's National Health Service.

We  have  also  established  an  Artificial  Intelligence  (AI)  division,  that  develops  and  deploys  AI  suites  to  enhance radiologist interpretations of breast, lung and prostate images.  The division is led by DeepHealth, and includes our acquisitions of Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V., both based in The Netherlands.

The following table shows our centers in operation at year end and revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Centers in operation  357  347  331  Total revenue (millions)  $  1,430  $  1,315  $  1,072   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our revenue is derived from a diverse mix of payors, including private payors, managed care capitated payors and government payors. We believe our payor diversity mitigates our exposure to possible unfavorable reimbursement trends within any one payor class. In addition, our experience with capitation arrangements over the last several years has provided us with the expertise to manage utilization and pricing effectively, resulting in a predictable stream of revenue. Our service fee revenue, net of contractual allowances and discounts, implicit price concessions, and revenue under capitation arrangements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are summarized in the following table (in thousands):

| In Thousands  2022  2021  2020  Commercial insurance  $  785,128  $  743,462  $  584,035  Medicare  311,124  280,911  217,928  Medicaid  38,279  34,731  25,619  Workers' compensation/personal injury  51,339  44,235  33,478  Other patient revenue  31,849  19,398  25,314  Management fee revenue  22,235  19,630  11,253  Software and teleradiology  14,238  10,525  10,798  Other  19,428  12,436  23,297  Revenue under capitation arrangements  152,045  148,334  140,118  Imaging center segment revenue  1,425,665  1,313,662  1,071,840  AI segment revenue  4,396  1,415  -  Total revenue  $  1,430,061  $  1,315,077  $  1,071,840   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We  typically  experience  some  seasonality  to  our  business.  During  the  first  quarter  of  each  year  we  generally experience the lowest volumes of procedures and the lowest level of revenue for any quarter during the year. This is primarily the result of two factors. First, our volumes and revenue are typically impacted by winter weather conditions in our northeastern operations. It  is  common for snowstorms and other inclement weather to result in patient appointment cancellations and, in some cases, imaging center closures. Second, in recent years, we have observed greater participation in high deductible health plans by patients. As these high deductibles reset in January for most of these patients, we have observed that patients utilize medical services less during the first quarter, when securing medical care will result in significant out-of-pocket expenditures.

Our services include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The following table shows the number of systems that we had in operation as of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  MRI  340  323  293  CT  208  192  175  PET/CT  67  68  67  Mammography  387  358  315  Ultrasound  818  760  689  X-ray  440  415  376  Nuclear Medicine  57  55  57  Fluoroscopy  116  105  117  Total equipment  2,433  2,276  2,089   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisitions, Equity Investments and Joint Venture Activity

The following discussion summarizes certain details concerning our acquisition or disposition of centers, our equity investment and our joint venture transaction.  See Note 4, Acquisitions, Dispositions and Business Venture Activity and Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10K for further information.

## Acquisitions

## Imaging Center Segment

## Radiology Practice Acquisitions:

During 2022 and 2021, we completed the acquisition of certain assets of the following entities, which either engage directly in the practice of radiology or associated businesses.  The primary reason for these acquisitions was to strengthen our presence  in  the  Delaware,  Maryland,  New  Jersey  and  New  York  markets.    These  acquisitions  are  reported  as  part  of  our Imaging Center segment.  We made a fair value determination of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and the following were recorded (in thousands):

## 2022:

| Entity  Date  Acquired  Total  Consideration  Property &amp;  Equipment  Right of Use  Assets  Goodwill  Intangible  Assets  Other  Right of Use  Liabilities  IFRC LLC*^  1/1/2022  8,200  2,910  1,703  5,271  -  19  (1,703)  IFRC LLC*^  1/1/2022  4,800  2,103  857  2,697  -  -  (857)  Heart and  Lung Imaging  Limited+  11/1/2022  32,000  -  -  16,200  15,800  -  -  Montclair  Radiological  Associates,  P.A.*#  10/1/2022  94,877  16,414  4,665  79,690  400  (2,168)  (4,124)  Chelsea  Dignostic  Radiology,  P.C.*  12/1/2022  2,800  568  -  2,132  100  -  -  North  Jersey  Imaging  Center, LLC*  12/9/2022  104  20  -  55  25  4  -  $142,781  $22,015  $7,225  $106,045  $16,325  $(2,145)  $(6,684)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Fair Value Determination is Final

^ IFRC LLC acquisitions consisted of three subsidiaries of IFRC, one of which was purchased separately by a joint venture with Calvert Medical Imaging Centers, LLC.

# Montclair Radiological Associates includes a liability for  $1.2 million in contingent consideration.

+See detailed description of the Heart and Lung Imaging Limited acquisition below.

## 2021:

| Entity  Date  Acquired  Total  Consideration  Property &amp;  Equipment  Right of Use  Assets  Goodwill  Intangible  Assets  Other  Assets  Right of Use  Liabilities  Personal Health  Imaging PLLC*  2/1/2021  2,995  576  608  2,355  50  14  (608)  ZP Elmont LLC*  2/1/2021  2,194  1,112  -  1,005  50  27  -  ZP Freeport LLC*  2/1/2021  6,065  4,668  -  1,328  40  29  -  Broadway Medical  Imaging LLC*  2/1/2021  1,155  1,076  446  6  50  23  (446)  3235 Hempstead  LLC*  2/1/2021  9,386  5,667  -  3,649  70  -  -  SLZM Realty  LLC*  2/1/2021  13,671  4,617  -  8,974  80  -  -  2012 Sunrise  Merrick LLC*  2/1/2021  11,428  2,741  335  8,617  70  -  (335)  ZP Bayside LLC*  3/1/2021  3,545  3,385  2,191  40  50  70  (2,191)  ZP Laurelton  LLC*  3/1/2021  2,658  2,530  1,418  32  50  46  (1,418)  ZP Smith LLC*  3/1/2021  3,978  3,581  2,214  347  50  -  (2,214)  ZP 907 Northern  LLC*  4/1/2021  562  507  1,817  5  50  -  (1,817)  William M. Kelly  MD, Inc.* ^  5/1/2021  3,750  990  1,379  2,710  50  -  (1,379)  60th Street MRI,  LLC*  5/1/2021  400  85  -  290  25  -  -  ZP Parkchester  LLC*  5/1/2021  263  213  311  -  50  -  (311)  ZP Eastern LLC*  6/1/2021  2,868  2,801  1,951  17  50  -  (1,951)  Tangent Associates  LLC**  8/24/2021  2,025  10  -  379  1,636  -  -  Mid Delaware  Imaging P.A.  12/1/2021  6,023  590  -  5,260  150  23  -  William M. Kelly  MD, Inc.* ^  12/6/2021  4,404  701  -  3,653  50  -  -  William M. Kelly  MD, Inc.* ^  12/31/2021  2,346  99  323  2,197  50  -  (323)  79,716  35,949  12,993  40,864  2,671  232  (12,993)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Fair Value Determination is Final

** All stock purchase through issuing 67,658 shares of our common stock.

^ William M. Kelly MD acquisitions consisted of various subsidiaries purchased separately.

## Heart and Lung Imaging Limited

On November 1, 2022, we acquired a 75% controlling interest in Heart and Lung Imaging Limited ('HLI').  HLI is a teleradiology  concern  which  operates  in  the  United  Kingdom  with  the  National  Healthcare  Service  to  screen  high  risk populations  for  cardiac  and  lung  conditions.    HLI's  operations  are  included  in  our  imaging  center  segment  for  reporting purposes.  The  transaction  was  accounted  for  as  the  acquisition  of  a  business  with  a  total  purchase  consideration  of approximately $31.9 million, including: i) shares with a fair value of $6.8 million (359,002 shares issued at $19.06 per share), ii) cash of $6.3 million and iii) contingent consideration of $10.8 million ($10.2 million in contingent milestone consideration and  cash  holdback  of  $0.6  million  to  be  issued  24  months  after  acquisition  subject  to  adjustment  for  any  indemnification claims) and iv) noncontrolling interest of $8.0 million. We recorded $0.6 million in current assets, $15.8 million in intangible assets, $0.6 million current liabilities and $16.2 million in goodwill in connection with this transaction.

As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are customer relationships and trade names. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using a rate of 19.0%. The cash flows were based on estimated earnings from existing customers, and the discount rate applied was benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital.

## Artificial Intelligence Segment

## Aidence Holding B.V.

On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Aidence Holding B.V. ("Aidence") an artificial  intelligence  enterprise  focused  on  lung  cancer  screening.    Aidence  is  reported  as  part  of  our  artificial  intelligence segment and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities.  The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and  total  purchase  consideration  was  determined  to  be  approximately  $45.2  million  including  i)  1,117,872  shares  issued  at $26.80 per share with a fair value of $30.0 million ii) cash of $1.8 million and iii) contingent consideration of $11.9 million ($7.4  million  in  milestones  to  be  settled  in  shares  or  cash  at  our  election  and  a  share  holdback  of  $4.5  million)  and  iv)  a settlement  of  a  loan  from  RadNet  of  $1.5  million.    In  addition  we  paid  certain  seller  closing  costs  through  the  issuance  of 23,362  shares  at  a  fair  value  of  $0.6  million.    As  a  result  of  this  transaction,  we  recorded  $1.0  million  in  current  assets, $0.2 million in property and equipment, $27.7 million in intangible assets (including developed technology of $21.1 million and IPR&amp;D of $5.5 million), $3.2 million in current liabilities, a deferred tax liability of $3.5 million, and $22.9 million in goodwill.

In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Aidence business.

As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR&amp;D,  trade  names,  and  customer  relationships.  The  fair  value  of  the  intangible  assets  was  estimated  using  the  income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from 15% to 17%. The cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital.

The developed technology consists of artificial  intelligence  powered  applications  for  lung  nodule  management  and early lung cancer diagnosis and reporting.

The IPR&amp;D asset relates primarily to an in-process project for a customer relationship management offering to manage patients that are found with Incidental Pulmonary Nodules and has not reached technological feasibility as of the acquisition date. The asset recorded relates to one project, and the Company expects to complete the project in the next twelve months.

The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at 7 years, for customer relationships 5.4 years, and trade names was 7 years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth.

## Quantib B.V.

On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Quantib B.V. ("Quantib") an artificial intelligence enterprise focused on prostate cancer screening.  Quantib is reported as part of our artificial intelligence segment, and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities.  The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and total purchase  consideration  was  determined  to  be  approximately  $42.3  million  including  i)  965,058  shares  issued  at  $26.80  per share with a fair value of $25.9 million ii) cash of $11.8 million and iii)  contingent consideration consisting of 113,303 shares with a fair value at the date of close of $3.0 million and cash of $1.6 million both to be released 18 months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims. As a result of this transaction, we recorded $2.4 million in current assets, $0.1 million in property and equipment, $21.3 million in intangible assets (including developed technology of $19.6 million and IPR&amp;D of  $0.7  million),  $0.7  million  in  current  liabilities,  $6.7  million  in  long-term  debt  and  deferred  tax  liabilities,  and $26.4 million in goodwill.

In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Quantib business.

As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR&amp;D,  trade  names,  and  customer  relationships.  The  fair  value  of  the  intangible  assets  was  estimated  using  the  income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from 50% to 55%. The cash flows were based on

estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital.

The developed technology consists of artificial intelligence powered applications for neurological and prostate imaging scans and reporting.

The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at seven years, customer relationships three years, and trade names seven years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets  and  intangible  assets  acquired  was  recorded  to  goodwill.  Factors  contributing  to  the  recognition  of  the  amount  of goodwill  were  primarily  based  on  anticipated  strategic  and  synergistic  benefits  that  are  expected  to  be  realized  from  the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth.

As disclosed above, for the acquisitions of Aidence and Quantib, the Company used the income approach to determine the fair value of developed technology and IPR&amp;D acquired in business combinations. This approach determines fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to the respective assets over their useful lives and then discounting these aftertax  cash  flows  back  to  a  present  value.  The  Company  bases  its  revenue  assumptions  on  estimates  of  relevant  market  sizes, expected market growth rates, expected trends in technology and expected product introductions by competitors. The value of the in-process projects is based on the project's stage of completion, the complexity of the work completed as of the acquisition date, the projected costs to complete, the expected introduction date, the estimated cash flows to be generated upon commercial release and the estimated useful life of the technology. The Company believes that the estimated developed technology and IPR&amp;D amounts represent the fair value at the date of acquisition and do not exceed the amount a third-party would pay for the assets.  The  significant  assumptions  used  to  estimate  the  fair  value  of  intangible  assets  include  discount  rates  and  certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results, specifically, revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins and obsolescence factors. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.

## Subsidiary activity

## Formation of majority owned subsidiaries

## Frederick County Radiology, LLC

On April 1, 2022 we formed Frederick County Radiology, LLC ("FCR"), a partnership with Frederick Health Hospital, Inc. ("Hospital").  The operation offers multi-modality services out of six locations in Frederick, Maryland.  We contributed the operations of four centers to the enterprise and Hospital contributed $5.4 million in fixed assets, $3.0 million in equipment, and $11.0 million in goodwill.  As a result of the transaction, we recognized a gain of $6.6 million to additional paid in capital and retained a 65% controlling economic interest in FCR and Hospital retains an $11.1 million or 35% noncontrolling economic interest in FCR.

## Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC

On June 15, 2022 we entered into Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC, a partnership with Dimension Health Corporation. ("Dimension"), an affiliate of the University of Maryland.  The operation will provide multi-modality services out of two yet to be determined locations in the Largo, Maryland area.  The venture was initially capitalized with nominal amounts of $5.1 thousand for a 51% economic interest  from us and $4.9 thousand from Dimension for a 49% economic interest.

## Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC

On January 1, 2021 we entered into the Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC, a partnership with Simi Valley Hospital and Health Services ("Simi Adventist").  The operation will offer multi-modality imaging services out of two locations in Ventura County, California.  Total investment in the venture is $0.4 million. RadNet contributed $0.3 million in assets for a 60.0% economic interest and Simi Adventist contributed assets totaling $0.1 million for a 40.0% economic interest.

## Sale of ownership interest  in a majority owned subsidiary

Effective September 1, 2021 we completed the sale of a 24.9% ownership interest in our majority owned subsidiary West Valley Imaging Group, LLC for $13.1 million to Tarzana Medical Center, LLC.  After the sale, our ownership interest in the subsidiary has reduced from 75.0% to 50.1% and we retain a controlling financial interest in the subsidiary.  We recognized in additional paid in capital on our consolidated balance sheets, $4.2 million excess in consideration over the carrying value of the sold economic interest.  Post the sale of our ownership interest we acquired from Tarzana Medical Center, LLC, certain tangible and intangible business assets for purchase consideration of approximately $5.2 million.

## Equity Investments

Medic  Vision,  based  in  Israel,  specializes  in  software  packages  that  provide  compliant  radiation  dose  structured reporting and enhanced images from reduced dose CT scans.  On March 24, 2017, we acquired an initial 12.50% equity interest in Medic Vision - Imaging Solutions Ltd for $1.0 million. We also received an option to exercise warrants to acquire up to an additional 12.50% equity interest for $1.4 million within one year from the initial share purchase date, if exercised in full. On March 1, 2018 we exercised our warrant in part and acquired an additional 1.96% for $0.2 million. Our initial equity interest has been diluted to 12.25% and our total equity investment stands at 14.21%.  In accordance with accounting guidance , as we exercise no significant influence over Medic Vision's operations, the investment is recorded at its cost of $1.2 million, given that the fair value is not readily determinable. No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted as of the year ended December 31, 2022.

Turner Imaging Systems, based in Utah, develops and markets portable X-ray imaging systems that provide a user the ability  to  acquire  X-ray  images  wherever  and  whenever  they  are  needed.  On  February  1,  2018,  we  purchased  2.1  million preferred shares in Turner Imaging Systems for $2.0 million.  On January 1, 2019 we funded a convertible promissory note in the  amount of $143,000 that converted to an additional 80,000 preferred shares on October 11, 2019.  No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022.

WhiteRabbit.ai Inc., based in California, is currently developing an artificial intelligence suite which aims to improve the speed and accuracy of cancer detection in radiology and improve patient care. On November 5, 2019 we acquired an equity interest in the company for $1.0 million and also loaned the company $2.5 million in support of its operations.  No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022.

## Joint venture investment contributions to Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made an additional equity contributions of $1.4 million each year to Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group ("ADRG", our joint venture with Dignity Health).

On November 1, 2022 we contributed eight of our imaging centers to ADRG with a carrying value of $12.7 million and recorded a loss of $0.5 million which was calculated as the difference between the fair value and carrying value of such imaging  centers  which  included  equipment  and  other  assets  and  an  allocation  of  goodwill  to  such  imaging  centers.    We accounted for the transaction as an adjustment to our equity investment for the value of the assets contributed.  To maintain our 49%  economic  interest  in  ADRG,  we  received  a  distribution  from  the  partnership  of  $4.5  million  to  reduce  our  overall investment to $8.3 million.

## Results of Operations

The  following  table  sets  forth,  for  the  periods  indicated,  the  percentage  that  certain  items  in  the  statements  of operations bears to net revenue for the years 2022, 2021 and 2020.

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  REVENUE  Service fee revenue  89.4 %  88.7 %  86.9 %  Revenue under capitation arrangements  10.6 %  11.3 %  13.1 %  Total Revenue  100.0 %  100.0 %  100.0 %  Provider relief funding  - %  0.7 %  2.5 %  OPERATING EXPENSES  Cost of operations, excluding depreciation and amortization  88.4 %  85.4 %  90.1 %  Lease abandonment charges  - %  1.5 %  - %  Depreciation and amortization  8.1 %  7.4 %  8.1 %  Loss on sale and disposal of equipment  0.2 %  0.1 %  0.1 %  Loss on impairment  - %  - %  0.4 %  Severance costs  0.1 %  0.1 %  0.4 %  Total operating expenses  96.8 %  94.4 %  99.1 %  INCOME FROM OPERATIONS  3.2 %  6.3 %  3.3 %  OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES  Interest expense  3.6 %  3.7 %  4.3 %  Equity in earnings of joint ventures  (0.7)  %  (0.8)  %  (0.7)  %  Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate hedge  (2.8)  %  (1.6)  %  0.2 %  Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt  0.1 %  0.5 %  (0.4)  %  Other expenses  0.1 %  0.1 %  - %  Total other expenses  0.2 %  1.9 %  3.4 %  INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES  3.0 %  4.5 %  (0.1)  %  Provision for  income taxes  (0.7)  %  (1.1)  %  (0.1)  %  NET INCOME (LOSS)  2.3 %  3.3 %  (0.2)  %  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  1.6 %  1.5 %  1.2 %  NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC.  COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  0.7 %  1.8 %  (1.4)  %   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Imaging Center Segment

## Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021

We grow through a combination of organic growth as well as acquisitions and joint ventures.  In the discussion below same center metrics are based on imaging centers that were in operation throughout the period of January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2022.   Excluded  amounts  relate  to  imaging  centers  that  were  acquired  or  divested  between  January  1,  2021 through December 31, 2022.

## Total Revenue inclusive of Provider Relief Funding for 2021

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  Revenue  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Total Revenue  $1,425,665  $1,322,772  $102,893  7.8%  Same Center Revenue  $1,275,333  $1,239,587  $35,746  2.9%  Excluded  $150,333  $83,185  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Overall revenue change was driven by procedure volume growth of 2.7% compared to the same period in the prior year. On a same center basis, the increase in revenue was largely attributable to product mix as advanced radiology procedures of MRI, PET, and CT expanded at combined 5.5% to provide the major portion of the revenue growth.

## Operating Expenses

Total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 increased approximately $117.8 million, or 9.5%,  from  $1.24  billion  for  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2021  to  $1.35  billion  for  the  twelve  months  ended December 31, 2022.  The following table sets forth our cost of operations and total operating expenses for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands):

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  Salaries and professional reading fees, excluding stock-based compensation  $  778,586  $  683,772  Stock-based compensation  20,988  23,407  Building and equipment rental  123,058  121,924  Medical supplies  68,712  56,423  Other operating expenses  *  249,249  232,416  Cost of operations  1,240,593  1,117,942  Depreciation and amortization  109,524  96,173  Lease abandonment charges  -  19,675  Loss on sale and disposal of equipment  2,506  1,246  Severance costs  926  744  Total operating expenses  $  1,353,549  $  1,235,780   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes  billing  fees,  office  supplies,  repairs  and  maintenance,  insurance,  business  tax  and  license,  outside  services, telecommunications, utilities, marketing, travel and other expenses.

## Salaries and professional reading fees, excluding stock-based compensation and severance

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  Salaries and Professional Fees  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Total  $778,586  $683,772  $94,814  13.9%  Same Center  $709,525  $639,124  $70,401  11.0%  Excluded  $69,061  $44,648  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Similar  to  the  prior  year,  growth  in  procedure  volumes  precipitated  increases  in  salary  expenses  both  to  meet additional professional staffing needs and retain our skilled work force in the current tight labor market.

## Stock-based compensation

Stock-based compensation decreased $2.4 million, or 10.3%, to approximately $21.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 compared to $23.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. The decrease was a result of a series of pandemic related one time employee bonus stock awards amounting to $8.9 million that were awarded in the second quarter of 2021. There were no similar one time awards granted in 2022.

## Building and equipment rental

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  Building &amp; Equipment Rental  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Total  $123,058  $121,924  $1,134  0.9%  Same Center  $100,663  $104,163  ($3,500)  (3.4)%  Excluded  $22,395  $17,761  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Overall  building  and  rental  remained  flat  year  over  year.  On  a  same  center  basis,  the  decrease  in  building  and equipment rent was reflective of savings from facilities that were abandoned in Dec 2021 and buyout of radiology equipment lease contracts during the year.

## Medical supplies

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  Medical Supplies Expense  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Total  $68,712  $56,423  $12,289  21.8%  Same Center  $62,274  $52,872  $9,402  17.8%  Excluded  $6,438  $3,551  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Increased medical supplies expense corresponds to the 5.5% growth in advanced radiology volumes as noted above combined  with  price  increases  for  contrast  agents  and  higher  utilization  of  isotopes  employed  in  PET  and  CT procedures.

## Other operating expenses

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  Other Operating Expenses  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Total  $249,249  $232,416  $16,833  7.2%  Same Center  $224,174  $214,488  $9,684  4.5%  Excluded  $25,075  $17,928  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  rise  in  other  operating  expenses  is  attributable  to  additional  professional  fees  associated  with  our  acquisition activity,  contractor  services,  equipment  and  maintenance  and  software  upgrades  all  in  support  of  our  expansion accompanied with increased procedure volumes.

## Additional segment operating and non operating expenses:

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Depreciation and Amortization  $109,524  $96,173  $13,351  13.9%  Loss  on disposal of equipment and other  $2,506  $1,246  $1,260  nm  Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate  swaps  ($39,621)  ($21,670)  $(17,951)  nm  Other expenses*  $3,467  $6,859  $(3,393)  nm  Severance  $926  $744  $183  24.5%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

nm=not meaningful

* Other expenses in 2022 and 2021 included approximately $0.7 million and $6.0 million of debt extinguishment and restructuring  charges,  respectively,  which  related  to  refinancing  of  our  credit  facilities  with  Truist  in  2022  and Barclays in 2021.  See Note 8 Credit Facilities and Notes Payable included in the notes to our consolidated financial statements.

## Lease abandonment charges

We closely monitor patient levels at our imaging centers and occasionally divest or shut down centers in an effort to maximize utilization rates.  In the post-pandemic period of 2021, while overall procedure volumes had returned to prepandemic levels, we experienced lower utilization rates at imaging centers that were based in urban centers as a result of increased telecommuting and migration of the work force to spending more time in residential areas.  In response we terminated leases at some centers, consolidating procedural volumes into fewer more active imaging centers, and reduced administrative office space. We recorded a one-time charge of approximately $19.7 million at December 31, 2021 related to leased facilities abandonment. The lease abandonment charges include the impairment of associated right of use assets of $12.6 million and write off of related leasehold improvements of approximately $7.1 million.

## Impairment Charges

During 2020, we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of $4.2 million and they were written off in full.

## Interest expense

| In Thousands  Year Ended December 31,  Interest Expense  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  % Change  Total Interest Expense  $50,841  $48,830  $2,011  4.1%  Cash Paid for Interest  $39,151  $29,042  $10,109  34.8%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The rise in adjusted interest expense is attributable to a higher overall loan balances in combination with increased variable interest rates paid on those balances compared to the same period in the prior year. During 2002 we refinanced our Truist term loan which added an additional $108.0 million in obligations to our balance sheet in the fourth quarter. Based on recent increases in global interests rates, we expect the effective interest rates on our senior credit facilities, and our related interest expense, to continue to rise in the near term. See 'Liquidity and Capital Resources' below for more details on our credit facilities.

See the Derivative Instruments section of Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on  Form  10-K  and  Item  7A,  Quantitative  and  Qualitative  Disclosure  About  Market  Risk  below  for  more  details  on  our derivative transactions.

## Equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures

For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 we recognized equity in earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures of  $10.4 million versus $11.0 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, a decrease of $0.6 million or 5.3%.

## Gain on extinguishment of debt and related expenses

During  2020,  we  received  a  loan  in  the  amount  of  $4.0  million  through  the  Paycheck  Protection  Program.    The Program has provisions that if met, allow the loan to be forgiven.  In December 2020, we met the eligibility requirements for forgiveness of loans and recorded a gain on extinguishment of debt of approximately $4.0 million.  See Note 8 Credit Facilities and Notes Payable included in this annual report on Form 10-K.

## AI Segment

Our AI segment develops and deploys clinical applications to enhance interpretation of medical images and improve patient outcomes with a current emphasis on brain, breast, prostate, and pulmonary diagnostics.  We are developing our AI segment initially through acquisition activity.  The operations of Nulogix and Deephealth comprise the results for 2021.  Our 2022 results include our recent additions of Aidence and Quantib.  The  breakdown of revenue and expenses of the segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows:

| In Thousands  Twelve Months Ended December 31,  2022  2021  $ Increase/  (Decrease)  Statement of Operations  Revenue  $4,396  $1,415  $2,981  Salaries and Wages  $15,799  $2,938  $12,861  Stock compensation  2,782  1,796  986  Other operating  5,171  599  4,572  Depreciation &amp; Amort.  6,353  520  5,833  Other operating loss  23  -  23  Severance  20  -  20  Total operating expenses  30,149  5,853  24,296  Loss from Operations  (25,753)  (4,438)  (21,315)  Other (income) expense  (903)  622  (1,525)  Income before taxes  (24,850)  (5,060)  (19,790)  Income taxes  (2,743)  -  (2,743)  Segment net loss  ($22,107)  ($5,060)  ($17,047)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020

For the comparison of results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 to the year ended December 31, 2020, please see Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Operations in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022.

## Non-GAAP Financial Measures

We use both GAAP and non-GAAP metrics to measure our financial results. We believe that, in addition to GAAP metrics, non-GAAP metrics such as Adjusted EBITDA and Free Cash Flow assist us in measuring our core operations from period to period as well as our cash generated from operations and ability to service our debt obligations.

## Adjusted EBITDA

Our  Adjusted  EBITDA  metric  removes  non-cash  and  non-recurring  charges  that  occur  in  the  affected  period  and provides a basis for measuring the Company's core financial performance against other periods.

We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted to exclude losses or gains on the disposal of equipment, other income or loss, loss on debt extinguishment, bargain purchase gains, loss on de-consolidation  of  joint  ventures  and  non-cash  equity  compensation.    Adjusted  EBITDA  includes  equity  earnings  in unconsolidated operations and subtracts allocations of earnings to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries, and is adjusted for non-cash or one-time events that take place during the period.

Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure used as an analytical indicator by us and the healthcare industry to assess business performance, and is a measure of leverage capacity and ability to service debt. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered a measure of financial performance under GAAP, and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered in isolation or

as alternatives to net income, cash flows generated by operating, investing or financing activities or other financial statement data presented in the consolidated financial statements as an indicator of financial performance or liquidity.  Adjusted EBITDA is not a measurement determined in accordance with GAAP and is therefore susceptible to varying methods of calculation and this metric, as presented, may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies.

The  following  is  a  reconciliation  of  the  nearest  comparable  GAAP  financial  measure,  net  income,  to  Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively (in thousands):

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net  income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc. common  stockholders  $  10,650  $  24,727  $  (14,840)  Income Taxes  9,361  14,560  895  Interest Expense  50,841  48,830  45,882  Severance costs  946  744  4,353  Depreciation and amortization  115,877  96,694  86,795  Non-cash employee stock-based compensation  23,770  25,203  12,405  Loss on sale and disposal of equipment  2,529  1,246  1,200  Loss on impairment  -  -  4,170  Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt and related expenses  731  6,044  (4,047)  Other expenses  1,833  1,438  120  Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate hedge  (39,621)  (21,670)  2,528  Other adjustment to joint venture investment  -  (565)  -  Legal settlement and related expenses  2,197  831  -  Lease abandonment charges  -  19,675  -  Non operational rent expenses  4,297  -  -  Transaction costs HLH,  Aidence Holding B.V. &amp; Quantib B.V  927  1,171  -  Valuation adjustment for contingent consideration  47  -  -  Change in estimate related to refund liability  8,089  -  -  Adjusted EBITDA Including Losses from  AI Segment and Provider Relief Funding  $192,474  $218,928  $139,461  Provider relief funding  -  (9,110)  (26,264)  Adjusted EBITDA including losses from  AI Segment and excluding benefit from  Provider Relief Funding  $192,474  $209,818  $113,197  Adjusted EBITDA Losses from AI segment  16,575  2,121  1,757  Adjusted EBITDA excluding Losses from  AI Segment and Provider Relief Funding  $209,049  $211,939  $114,954   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following table is a reconciliation of GAAP net income for our AI Segment to Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively.

:

| Twelve Months Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Segment net loss  $  (22,107)  $  (5,060)  $  (3,463)  Stock Compensation  2,782  1,796  1,065  Depreciation &amp; Amortization  6,353  520  400  Other operating loss  23  -  -  Other expense (income)  (903)  622  241  Severance  20  -  -  Income taxes  (2,743)  -  -  Adjusted EBITDA AI Segment  $  (16,575)  $  (2,121)  $  (1,757)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

The following table is a summary of key balance sheet data as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 and income statement data for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (in thousands):

| Balance Sheet Data for the period ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Cash and cash equivalents  $  127,834  $  134,606  Accounts receivable  166,357  135,062  Working capital (exclusive of current operating lease liability)  (41,932)  14,932  Stockholders' equity  491,452  346,157  ## Income Statement data for the twelve months ended December 31,  Total revenue  $  1,430,061  $  1,315,077  $  1,071,840  Net income (loss) attributable to RadNet common stockholders  10,650  24,727  (14,840)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We  operate  in  a  capital  intensive,  high  fixed-cost  industry  that  requires  significant  amounts  of  capital  to  fund operations. In addition to operations, we require a significant amount of capital for the initial start-up and development of new diagnostic  imaging  centers,  the  acquisition  of  additional  centers  and  new  diagnostic  imaging  equipment.  Because  our  cash flows from operations have been insufficient to fund all of these capital requirements, we have depended on the availability of financing under credit arrangements with third parties.

The COVID-19 pandemic initially resulted in a reduction of procedure volumes as people "sheltered in place" and deferred  elective  procedures,  resulting  in  a  corresponding  decrease  in  operating  revenues  for  the  year  ended  December  31, 2020.  For 2021 our procedural volumes returned to pre-pandemic levels.  However, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve and significant additional outbreaks could again result in periods where we experience decreased procedural volumes. Any suspended reduction in procedures would negatively affect our revenues, profitability and working capital position.

We have credit available from our current credit facilities and borrowing under those facilities is subject to continued compliance with lending covenants.  We currently meet those requirements, but substantial and sustained operating losses could impact our ability to borrow under those facilities.  If we are not able to meet such requirements, we may be required to seek additional  financing  and  there  can  be  no  assurance  that  we  will  be  able  to  obtain  financing  from  other  sources  on  terms acceptable to us, if at all.

On a continuing basis, we also consider various transactions to increase shareholder value and enhance our business results, including acquisitions, divestitures and joint ventures. These types of transactions may result in future cash proceeds or payments but the general timing, size or success of any acquisition, divestiture or joint venture effort and the related potential capital commitments cannot be predicted. We expect to fund any future acquisitions primarily with cash flow from operations and borrowings, including borrowing from amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities or through new equity or debt issuances.

We and our subsidiaries or affiliates may from time to time, in our sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any  of  our  outstanding  debt  or  equity  securities  in  privately  negotiated  or  open  market  transactions,  by  tender  offer  or otherwise.

## Sources and Uses of Cash

The  following  table  summarizes  key  components  of  our  sources  and  uses  of  cash  for  the  twelve    months  ended December 31, in thousands:

| Cash Flow Data  December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Cash provided by operating activities  $  146,417  $  149,491  $  233,759  Cash used in investing activities  (246,949)  (221,511)  (126,244)  Cash provided by (used in) financing activities  93,647  104,673  (45,561)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash provided by operating activities for the period ended December 31, 2020 was benefited by the receipt of $39.5 million in CMS advances recorded as deferred revenue.

Cash used in investing activities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, included purchases of  property and equipment  for  approximately  $119.5  million,  acquired  imaging  businesses  and  other  operations  for  $130.0  million  and  an equity contribution to a joint venture operation of $1.4 million.  As part of our business operations we continually evaluate investment opportunities.

Cash  provided  by  financing  activities  for  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2022  was  related  mainly  to  the refinancing  of  our  Truist  term  loan  obligations  with  the  Second  Amended  and  Restated  Revolving  Credit  and  Term  Loan Agreement on October 10, 2023.  Please see Note 8, Credit Facilities and Notes Payable in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K for more information.

We have entered into factoring agreements with various institutions and sold certain accounts receivable under nonrecourse agreements in exchange for notes receivables from the buyers. These transactions are accounted for as a reduction in accounts receivable as the agreements transfer effective control over and risk related to the receivables to the buyers. Proceeds on notes receivables are reflected as operating activities on our statement of cash flows and on our balance sheet as prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and deposits and other for the long term portion.   Amounts remaining to  be  collected  on  these  agreements  were  $15.4  million  and    $17.7  million  at  December  31,  2022  and  December  31,  2021, respectively.  We do not utilize factoring arrangements as an integral part of our financing for working capital.

## Senior Credit Facilities:

We maintain  secured  credit  facilities  with  Barclays  Bank  PLC  and  with  Truist.    The  Barclays  credit  facilities  are comprised of first lien term loans and a revolving credit facility of $195.0 million. The Truist credit facilities are comprised of a term loan and a revolving credit facility of $50.0 million.  As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants under our credit facilities.  Deferred financing costs on our revolving credit lines at December 31, 2022, net of accumulated amortization, totaled $2.3 million, with $1.7 million related to Barclays and $0.6 million related to Truist.

Included in our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 are $851.7 million of total term loan debt (net of unamortized discounts of $12.4 million) displayed below in thousands:

| Face Value  Discount  Total  Carrying  Value  Barclays First Lien Term Loans  $  714,125  $  (11,127)  $  702,998  Truist Term Loan Agreement  150,000  (1,254)  148,746  Total Term Loans  $  864,125  $  (12,381)  $  851,744   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We had no outstanding balance under our $195.0 million Barclays Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 and had reserved $7.6 million for certain letters of credit.  The remaining $187.4 million of our Barclays Revolving Credit Facility  was  available  to  draw  upon  as  of    December  31,  2022.    We  also  had  no  balance  under  our  $50.0  million  Truist

Revolving  Credit  Facility  related  to  our  consolidated  subsidiary  NJIN  at  December  31,  2022,  and  with  no  letters  of  credit reserved against the facility, the full amount was available to draw upon.  For more information on our secured credit facilities see Note 8 to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report.

## Contractual Commitments

Our future obligations for notes payable, lines of credit, and equipment and building operating leases for the next five years and thereafter include (dollars in thousands):

| 2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  Thereafter  Total  Notes payable  $  14,750  $  14,750  $  18,500  $  18,500  $  119,750  $  677,875  $  864,125  Interest and fees on notes payable  66,767  65,868  64,575  63,284  60,359  16,904  337,757  Operating leases (1)  92,371  92,436  88,941  85,872  82,136  499,326  941,082  Total  $  173,888  $  173,054  $  172,016  $  167,656  $  262,245  $  1,194,105  $  2,142,964   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Includes interest component of operating lease obligations.

We have service agreements with various vendors under which they have agreed to be responsible for the maintenance and repair of a majority of our equipment for a fee that is based on the type and age of the equipment. Under these agreements, we are committed to minimum payments of approximately $43.3 million in 2023.

## Critical Accounting Policies

The Securities and Exchange Commission defines critical accounting estimates as those that are both most important to  the  portrayal  of  a  company's  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations  and  require  management's  most  difficult, subjective or complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. In Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on Form 10-K we discuss our significant accounting policies, including those that do not require management to make difficult, subjective  or  complex  judgments  or  estimates.  The  critical  areas  involving  management's  judgments  and  estimates  are described below.

USE OF ESTIMATES - The financial statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  U.S.  generally  accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in  the  financial  statements  and  accompanying  notes.  These  estimates  and  assumptions  affect  various  matters,  including  our reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets  at  the  dates  of  the  financial  statements;  our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements; and our reported amounts of revenues and expenses in our consolidated statements of operations during the reporting periods. These estimates involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond management's control. As a result, actual amounts could materially differ from these estimates.

REVENUES - Our revenues generally relate to net patient fees received from various payors and patients themselves under contracts in which our performance obligations are to provide diagnostic services to the patients. Revenues are recorded during the period when our obligations to provide diagnostic services are satisfied. Our performance obligations for diagnostic services are generally satisfied over a period of less than one day. The contractual relationships with patients, in most cases, also  involve  a  third-party  payor  (Medicare,  Medicaid,  managed  care  health  plans  and  commercial  insurance  companies, including  plans  offered  through  the  health  insurance  exchanges)  and  the  transaction  prices  for  the  services  provided  are dependent upon the terms provided by Medicare and Medicaid, or negotiated with managed care health plans and commercial insurance  companies.  The  payment  arrangements  with  third-party  payors  for  the  services  we  provide  to  the  related  patients typically  specify  payments  at  amounts  less  than  our  standard  charges  and  generally  provide  for  payments  based  upon predetermined rates per diagnostic services or discounted fee-for-service rates. Management continually reviews the contractual estimation  process  to  consider  and  incorporate  updates  to  laws  and  regulations  and  the  frequent  changes  in  managed  care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals.

As it relates to the Group, this service fee revenue includes payments for both the professional medical interpretation revenue recognized by them as well as the payment for all other aspects related to our providing the imaging services, for which we earn management fees. As it relates to other centers, this service fee revenue is earned through providing the use of our diagnostic  imaging  equipment  and  the  provision  of  technical  services  as  well  as  providing  administration  services  such  as clerical  and  administrative personnel, bookkeeping and accounting services, billing and collection, provision of medical and

office supplies, secretarial, reception and transcription services, maintenance of medical records, and advertising, marketing and promotional activities.

Our revenues are based upon the estimated amounts we expect to be entitled to receive from patients and third-party payors. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care and commercial insurance plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. Revenues related to uninsured patients and copayment and deductible amounts  for  patients  who  have  health  care  coverage  may  have  discounts  applied  (uninsured  discounts  and  contractual discounts). We also record estimated implicit price concessions (based primarily on historical collection experience) related to uninsured accounts to record self-pay revenues at the estimated amounts we expect to collect.

Under  capitation  arrangements  with  various  health  plans,  we  earn  a  per-enrollee  amount  each  month  for  making available  diagnostic  imaging  services  to  all  plan  enrollees  under  the  capitation  arrangement.  Revenue  under  capitation arrangements is recognized in the period in which we are obligated to provide services to plan enrollees under contracts with various health plans.

PROVIDER  RELIEF  FUND  ( COVID-19  STIMULUS  FUNDING )  -  The  Provider  Relief  Fund  offers  government assistance to eligible providers throughout the healthcare system in support of certain expenses or lost revenue attributable to the  coronavirus  pandemic.  We  received  $9.1  million  and  $26.3  million  in  Provider  Relief  funding  for  the  years  ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Generally, the department of Health and Human Services ("HHS") does not intend to recoup funds as long as a provider's lost revenue and increased expenses exceed the amount of provider relief funding one has received. HHS reserves the right to audit Relief Fund recipients in the future to ensure that this requirement is met and collect any Relief Fund amounts that were made in error or exceed lost revenue or increased expenses due to the pandemic. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions may be grounds for recoupment.  Based on our assessment recognition of the revenue previously recognized remained appropriate.

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - Substantially all of our accounts receivable are due under fee-for-service  contracts from third party payors, such as insurance companies and government-sponsored healthcare programs, or directly from patients. Services are generally provided pursuant to one-year contracts with healthcare providers. We continuously monitor collections from our payors and maintain an allowance for bad debts based upon specific payor collection issues that we have identified and our historical experience.

BUSINESS COMBINATION - When the qualifications for business combination accounting treatment are met, it requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date  fair  values  of  the  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed.  While  we  use  our  best  estimates  and  assumptions  to accurately  value  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  at  the  acquisition  date,  our  estimates  are  inherently  uncertain  and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations.

GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE LIVED INTANGIBLES - Goodwill totaled $677.7 million and $513.8 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Indefinite lived intangible assets were $24.1 million at December 31, 2022 and $20.6 million at December 31, 2021 and are associated with the value of certain trade name intangibles and in process research  and  development  (IPR&amp;D).  Goodwill,  trade  name  intangibles  and  IPR&amp;D  are  recorded  as  a  result  of  business combinations.  When  we  determine  the  carrying  value  of  goodwill  exceeds  its  fair  value,  an  impairment  charge  would  be recognized which should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We determined fair values for each  of  the  reporting  units  using  the  market  approach,  when  available  and  appropriate,  or  the  income  approach,  or  a combination of both. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. If multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.

We tested goodwill, trade name and IPR&amp;D for impairment on October 1, 2022.  In 2020 we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of $4.2 million and they were written off in full as of December 31, 2020.  Our annual  impairment  test  as  of  October  1,  2022  noted  no  other  impairment,  and  we  have  not  identified  any  indicators  of impairment through December 31, 2022.

## Recent Accounting Standards

See  Note  3,  Recent  Accounting  and  Reporting  Standards  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  included  in  this annual report for further information.

## Additional Information

Additional information concerning RadNet, Inc., including our consolidated subsidiaries, for each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is included in the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto in this annual report.

## Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Foreign Currency Exchange Risk. We generate substantially all of our revenues and incur substantially all of our expenses in United States dollars.  As a  result, our financial results are unlikely to be materially affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates or weak economic conditions in foreign markets.

We are exposed to foreign exchange risk with respect to revenues and expenses denominated in the Euro, Canadian Dollar, Hungarian Forint and Pound Sterling. We have Artificial Intelligence operations in the Netherlands, radiology services in the United Kingdom, and maintain research and development centers in Canada and Hungary. At the present time, we do not have any foreign currency exchange contracts to mitigate this risk. At December 31, 2022, a hypothetical 1% decline in the currency  exchange  rates  between  the  U.S.  dollar  against  these  currencies,  would  have  resulted  in  an  annual  increase  of approximately $0.2 million in operating expenses.

Interest Rate Sensitivity. We pay interest on various types of debt instruments to our suppliers and lending institutions. The agreements entail either fixed or variable interest rates.  Instruments which have fixed rates are mainly leases on radiology equipment. Variable rate interest obligations relate primarily to amounts borrowed under our outstanding credit facilities. Accordingly, our interest expense and consequently, our earnings, are affected by changes in short term interest rates. However due to our purchase of swaps, described below, the effects of interest rate changes are limited.

We can elect Eurodollar or Base Rate (Prime) interest rate options on amounts outstanding under the First Lien Term Loans.  At December 31, 2022, we had $214.1 million outstanding subject to a Eurodollar election on First Lien Term Loans and  our  effective  3  month  LIBOR  rate  plus  applicable  margin  was  4.73%.  A  hypothetical  1%  increase  in  the  adjusted Eurodollar  rates  under  the  Restated  Credit  Agreement  over  the  current  Eurodollar  rate  would  result  in  an  increase  of  $2.1 million in annual interest expense and a corresponding decrease in income before taxes. At December 31, 2022, we had $1.8 million loan amount principal outstanding subject to an alternate base rate election on First Lien Term Loans with an effective rate of 9.50%.  A hypothetical 1% increase in the alternative base rate under the First Lien Credit Agreement over the current alternative base rate would result in an increase of $18.0 thousand in annual interest expense and a corresponding decrease in income before taxes.

At December 31, 2022, we had $150.0 million outstanding subject to an adjusted SOFR election on the Truist Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement. We can elect SOFR or Base Rate interest options on amounts outstanding under the Truist Restated  Credit  and  Term  Loan  Agreement.    At  December  31,  2022,  our  effective  SOFR  rate  plus  applicable  margin  was 6.28%.  A hypothetical 1% increase in the adjusted Eurodollar rates under the Truist Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement would result in an increase of approximately $1.5 million in annual interest expense and a corresponding decrease in income before taxes.

In the second quarter of 2019, we entered into four forward interest rate agreements ("2019 Swaps").  The 2019 Swaps have  total  notional  amounts  of  $500,000,000,  consisting  of  two  agreements  of  $50,000,000  each  and  two  agreements  of $200,000,000 each.   The 2019 Swaps will secure a constant interest rate associated with portions of our variable rate bank debt and have an effective date of October 13, 2020. They will mature in October 2023 for the smaller notional and October 2025 for the larger notional. Under these arrangements, we arranged the 2019 Swaps with locked in 1 month LIBOR rates at 1.96% for the $100,000,000 notional and at 2.05%  for the $400,000,000 notional.  As of the effective date, we will be liable for premium payments if interest rates decline below arranged rates, but will receive payments under the 2019 Swaps if interest rates rise above the arranged rates.

## Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Description of the Matter

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of RadNet, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We  have  audited  the  accompanying  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  RadNet,  Inc.  and  subsidiaries (the  Company)  as  of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss) , equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each  of  the  three  years  in  the  period  ended  December  31,  2022,  in  conformity  with  U.S.  generally  accepted  accounting principles.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal  Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error  or  fraud.  Our  audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as  evaluating  the  overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are  material  to  the  financial  statements  and  (2)  involved  our  especially  challenging,  subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

## Accounting for Revenue Recognition

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  Company's  service  fee  revenue  was  $1,278 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, service fee revenue is  based  upon  the  estimated  amounts  the  Company  expects  to  be  entitled  to  receive  from patients  and  third-party  payors  (Medicare,  Medicaid,  managed  care  health  plans  and commercial  insurance  companies).  Estimates  of  contractual  allowances  and  implicit  price concessions associated with third-party payors and any amounts due directly from patients, are based upon historical collection experience from such payors. The contractual allowance estimation process is periodically reviewed to consider and incorporate updates to laws and regulations,  changes  in  business  and  economic  conditions  and  contractual  terms  resulting from contract negotiations and renewals. The Company also records estimated implicit price concessions  (based  primarily  on  historical  collection  experience)  related  to  amounts  due directly  from  patients  to  record  these  revenues  and  accounts  receivable  at  the  estimated amounts the Company expects to collect.

Auditing  management's estimates  of  contractual  allowances  and  implicit  price  concessions was complex and judgmental due to the significant data inputs and subjective assumptions utilized in determining related amounts.

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

Description of the Matter

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

We have served as the Company's auditor since 2007. Los Angeles, California March 1, 2023

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement of service fee revenue. This included testing controls related to management's review of the significant assumptions  and  inputs  used  in  the  determination  of  the  estimated  amount  that  would  be collected for services rendered during the period. We also tested controls over the current and historical data used by management in determining this estimate, including the completeness and accuracy of the data.

To test  the  estimated  contractual  allowances  and  implicit  price  concessions,  we  performed audit  procedures  that  included,  among  others,  assessing  methodologies  and  evaluating  the significant  assumptions  discussed  above  and  testing  the  completeness  and  accuracy  of  the underlying  data  used  by  the  Company  in  its  estimates.  We  compared  the  significant assumptions  used  by  management  to  current  industry  and  economic  trends  and  considered changes, if any, to the Company's business and other relevant factors. We also assessed the historical  accuracy  of  management's  estimates  as  a  source  of  potential  corroborative  or contrary evidence.

## Acquisition of Aidence Holding B.V. &amp; Quantib B.V.: Valuation of Developed Technology &amp; IPR&amp;D

As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its acquisitions  of  Aidence  Holding  B.V.  ('Aidence')  and  Quantib  B.V.  ('Quantib')  for  net consideration  of  $45.2  million  and  $42.3  million,  respectively,  on  January  20,  2022.    The transactions were accounted for as business combinations.

Auditing the Company's accounting for its acquisitions of Aidence and Quantib was complex due  to  the  significant  estimation  required  by  management  in  determining  the  fair  value  of developed technology and in-process research and development ('IPR&amp;D') intangible assets of  $26.6  million  for  Aidence  and  $20.3  million  for  Quantib.  The  significant  estimation uncertainty  was  primarily  due  to  the  complexity  of  the  valuation  models  used  and  the sensitivity of the fair value estimates to the significant underlying assumptions. The Company used an income approach to measure the fair value of the developed technology and IPR&amp;D intangible  assets.  The  significant  assumptions  used  to  estimate  the  value  of  the  intangible assets included discount rates and certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results  (e.g.,  revenue  growth  rates,  EBITDA  margin  and  obsolescence  factors).  These significant  assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.

We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls  over  the  Company's  accounting  for  the  acquisitions.  We  tested  controls  over  the recognition  and  measurement  of  developed  technology  and  IPR&amp;D  intangible  assets, including management's review of the valuation model and underlying assumptions used to develop such estimates.

To test the estimated fair value of the developed technology and IPR&amp;D intangible assets, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, evaluating the Company's selection of  the  valuation  methodology,  evaluating  the  completeness  and  accuracy  of  the  underlying data and reasonableness of significant assumptions such as revenue growth rates, EBITDA margin  and  obsolescence  factors.  For  example,  we  compared  the  forecasted  results,  which were  derived  based  on  the  significant  assumptions  discussed  above,  to  current  industry, market  and  economic  trends,  to  the  assumptions  used  in  other  acquisitions  and  to  other guideline companies within the same industry. We involved our valuation specialists to assist in our evaluation of the methodology used and reasonableness of the significant assumptions including the discount rate.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)

| As of December 31,  2022  2021  ASSETS  CURRENT ASSETS  Cash and cash equivalents  $  127,834  $  134,606  Accounts receivable  166,357  135,062  Due from affiliates  18,971  5,384  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  54,022  49,212  Total current assets  367,184  324,264  PROPERTY, EQUIPMENT AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS  Property and equipment, net  565,961  484,247  Operating lease right-of-use-assets  603,524  584,291  Total property, equipment and right-of-use-assets  1,169,485  1,068,538  OTHER ASSETS  Goodwill  677,665  513,820  Other intangible assets  106,228  56,603  Deferred financing costs  2,280  2,135  Investment in joint ventures  57,893  42,229  Deferred tax assets, net  -  14,853  Deposits and other  53,172  36,032  Total assets  $  2,433,907  $  2,058,474  LIABILITIES AND EQUITY  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other  $  369,595  $  263,937  Due to affiliates  23,100  23,530  Deferred revenue  4,021  10,701  Current portion of operating lease liability  57,607  65,452  Current portion of notes payable  12,400  11,164  Total current liabilities  466,723  374,784  LONG-TERM LIABILITIES  Long-term operating lease liability  604,117  577,675  Notes payable, net of current portion  839,344  743,498  Deferred tax liability, net  9,256  -  Other non-current liabilities  23,015  16,360  Total liabilities  1,942,455  1,712,317  EQUITY  RadNet, Inc. stockholders' equity:  Common stock - $.0001 par value, 200,000,000 shares authorized; 57,723,125 and  53,548,227 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively  6  5  Additional paid-in-capital  436,288  342,592  Accumulated other comprehensive loss  (20,677)  (20,421)  Accumulated deficit  (82,622)  (93,272)  Total RadNet, Inc.'s stockholders' equity  332,995  228,904  Noncontrolling interests  158,457  117,253  Total equity  491,452  346,157  Total liabilities and equity  $  2,433,907  $  2,058,474   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE DATA)

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  REVENUE  Service fee revenue  $  1,278,016  $  1,166,743  931,722  Revenue under capitation arrangements  152,045  148,334  140,118  Total revenue  1,430,061  1,315,077  1,071,840  Provider relief funding  -  9,110  26,264  OPERATING EXPENSES  Cost of operations, excluding depreciation and amortization  1,264,346  1,123,274  965,902  Lease abandonment charges  -  19,675  -  Depreciation and amortization  115,877  96,694  86,795  Loss on sale and disposal of equipment and other  2,529  1,246  1,200  Loss on impairment  -  -  4,170  Severance costs  946  744  4,353  Total operating expenses  1,383,698  1,241,633  1,062,420  INCOME FROM OPERATIONS  46,363  82,554  35,684  OTHER INCOME AND EXPENSES  Interest expense  50,841  48,830  45,882  Equity in earnings of joint ventures  (10,390)  (10,967)  (7,945)  Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate swaps  (39,621)  (21,670)  2,528  Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt and related expenses  731  6,044  (4,047)  Other expenses  1,833  1,438  120  Total other expenses  3,394  23,675  36,538  INCOME (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAXES  42,969  58,879  (854)  Provision for income taxes  (9,361)  (14,560)  (895)  NET INCOME (LOSS)  33,608  44,319  (1,749)  Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests  22,958  19,592  13,091  NET INCOME (LOSS)  ATTRIBUTABLE TO RADNET, INC.  COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  $  10,650  $  24,727  $  (14,840)  BASIC NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  $  0.19  $  0.47  $  (0.29)  DILUTED NET  INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE  TO RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  $  0.17  $  0.46  $  (0.29)  WEIGHTED AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING  Basic  56,293,336  52,496,679  50,891,791  Diluted  57,320,870  53,421,033  50,891,791   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (IN THOUSANDS)

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  NET  INCOME (LOSS)  $  33,608  $  44,319  $  (1,749)  Currency translation adjustments  (3,943)  (65)  (101)  Change in fair value of cash flow hedge, net of taxes  -  -  (19,372)  Change in fair value of cash flow hedge from prior periods reclassified to  earnings  3,687  3,695  3,448  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)  33,352  47,949  (17,774)  Less comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests  22,958  19,592  13,091  COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO  RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  $  10,394  $  28,357  $  (30,865)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EQUITY (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT SHARE DATA)

| Additional  Accumulated  Other  Radnet, Inc.  Common Stock  Paid-in  Comprehensive  Accumulated  Stockholders'  Noncontrolling  Total  Shares  Amount  Capital  (Loss) Income  Deficit  Equity  Interests  Equity  BALANCE - JANUARY 1, 2020  50,314,328  $  5  $  262,865  $  (8,026)  $  (103,159)  $  151,685  $  81,454  $  233,139  Shares issued under the equity  compensation plan  491,674  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of common stock under the  DeepHealth equity compensation  plan  10,920  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  12,463  -  -  12,463  -  12,463  Issuance of common stock for  acquisitions  823,615  -  33,011  -  -  33,011  -  33,011  Tax effect on gain on sale of  noncontrolling interest  -  -  (551)  -  -  (551)  -  (551)  Distributions paid to  noncontrolling interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,985)  (1,985)  Change in cumulative foreign  currency translation adjustment  -  -  -  (101)  -  (101)  -  (101)  Change in fair value cash flow  hedge, net of taxes  -  -  -  (19,372)  -  (19,372)  -  (19,372)  Change in fair value of cash flow  hedge from prior periods reclassified  to earnings  -  -  -  3,448  -  3,448  -  3,448  Net (loss) income  -  -  -  -  (14,840)  (14,840)  13,091  (1,749)  BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2020  51,640,537  $  5  $  307,788  $  (24,051)  $  (117,999)  $  165,743  $  92,560  $  258,303  Issuance of stock upon exercise of  options  53,960  -  488  -  -  488  -  488  Shares issued under the equity  compensation plan  1,212,758  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of common stock under the  DeepHealth equity compensation  plan  471,162  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  25,284  -  -  25,284  -  25,284  Issuance of common stock for  acquisitions and asset purchases  82,658  -  2,498  -  -  2,498  -  2,498  Release of holdback shares from the  purchase of DeepHealth  91,517  -  2,413  -  -  2,413  -  2,413  Forfeiture of restricted stock  (4,365)  -  (81)  -  -  (81)  -  (81)  Gain on contribution of assets to  majority owned subsidiary  -  -  (4)  -  -  (4)  -  (4)  Contribution from noncontrolling  partner  -  -  -  -  -  -  123  123  Sale of economic interests in  majority owned subsidiary, net of  taxes  -  -  4,206  -  -  4,206  7,404  11,610  Distributions paid to noncontrolling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  (2,426)  (2,426)  Change in cumulative foreign  currency translation adjustment  -  -  -  (65)  -  (65)  -  (65)  Change in fair value of cash flow  hedge from prior periods reclassified  to earnings  -  -  -  3,695  -  3,695  -  3,695  Net income  -  -  -  -  24,727  24,727  19,592  44,319  BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2021  53,548,227  $  5  $  342,592  $  (20,421)  $  (93,272)  $  228,904  $  117,253  $  346,157  Issuance of stock upon exercise of  options  25,000  1  294  -  -  295  -  295  Shares issued under the equity  compensation plan  725,577  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Issuance of common stock to settle  DeepHealth contingent consideration  781,577  -  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Issuance of common stock under the  DeepHealth equity compensation  plan  204,160  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Stock-based compensation expense  -  -  23,543  -  -  23,543  -  23,543  Issuance of common stock for  acquisitions  2,465,294  -  63,311  -  -  63,311  -  63,311  Forfeiture of restricted stock and  share cancellation  (26,710)  -  (75)  -  -  (75)  -  (75)  Contribution from noncontrolling  partner  -  -  -  -  -  -  19,139  19,139  Sale of economic interests in  majority owned subsidiary, net of  taxes  -  -  6,623  -  -  6,623  -  6,623  Distributions paid to noncontrolling  interests  -  -  -  -  -  -  (893)  (893)  Change in cumulative foreign  currency translation adjustment  -  -  -  (3,943)  -  (3,943)  -  (3,943)  Change in fair value of cash flow  hedge from prior periods reclassified  to earnings  -  -  -  3,687  -  3,687  -  3,687  Net income  -  -  -  -  10,650  10,650  22,958  33,608  BALANCE - DECEMBER 31, 2022  57,723,125  $  6  $  436,288  $  (20,677)  $  (82,622)  $  332,995  $  158,457  $  491,452   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (IN THOUSANDS)

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Net income (loss)  $  33,608  $  44,319  $  (1,749)  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by  operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization  115,877  96,694  86,795  Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets  68,847  73,967  67,915  Lease abandonment charges  -  19,675  -  Equity in earnings of joint ventures, net of dividends  (5,952)  (6,260)  1,577  Amortization and write off of deferred financing costs and loan discount  2,693  3,254  4,413  Loss on sale and disposal of equipment and other  2,529  1,246  1,200  Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt  -  1,496  (4,047)  Loss on impairment  -  -  4,170  Amortization of cash flow hedge  3,687  3,695  3,448  Non-cash change in fair value of interest rate swap  (39,621)  (21,670)  2,528  Stock-based compensation  23,770  25,203  12,405  Non cash item in other expenses  -  -  242  Change in value of contingent consideration  (325)  -  -  Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of assets acquired and  liabilities assumed in purchase transactions:  Accounts receivable  (30,078)  (5,890)  25,206  Other current assets  (3,327)  (15,777)  6,588  Other assets  (12,166)  662  (5,425)  Deferred taxes  13,356  19,834  (611)  Operating lease liability  (68,943)  (72,553)  (53,906)  Deferred revenue  (7,316)  (28,319)  37,941  Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities  49,778  9,915  45,069  Net cash provided by operating activities  146,417  149,491  233,759  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Purchase of imaging centers and other operations  (129,961)  (77,691)  (31,265)  Purchase of property and equipment  (119,451)  (137,874)  (94,172)  Purchase of intangible assets  -  (5,130)  -  Proceeds from sale of equipment  3,904  625  828  Equity contributions in existing and purchase of interest in joint ventures  (1,441)  (1,441)  (1,635)  Net cash used in investing activities  (246,949)  (221,511)  (126,244)  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Payments on term loan debt  (53,750)  (619,529)  (43,296)  Principal payments on notes and leases payable other than term loan debt  -  (3,302)  (3,562)  Additional deferred finance costs on revolving loan amendment  -  (938)  (741)  Proceeds from debt issuance, net of issuance costs  147,996  717,307  -  Proceeds from paycheck protection program loans  -  -  4,023  Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests  (893)  (2,426)  (1,985)  Proceeds from sale of economic interest in majority owned subsidiary  -  13,073  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Proceeds from revolving credit facility  -  128,300  250,900  Payments on revolving credit facility  -  (128,300)  (250,900)  Proceeds from issuance of common stock upon exercise of options  294  488  -  Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  93,647  104,673  (45,561)  EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ON CASH  113  (65)  (101)  NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH  EQUIVALENTS  (6,772)  32,588  61,853  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of period  134,606  102,018  40,165  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of period  $  127,834  $  134,606  $  102,018  SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW  INFORMATION  Cash paid during the period for interest  $  39,151  $  29,042  $  39,521  Cash paid during the period for income taxes  $  587  $  1,950  $  5,069   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

## Supplemental Schedule of Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities

We acquired  equipment  and  certain  leasehold  improvements  for  approximately  $111.8  million,  $63.9  million,  and $52.0 million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, that we had not paid for as of December 31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  The  offsetting  amount  due  was  recorded  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets  under accounts payable, accrued expenses and other.

On November 1, 2022, we issued 359,002 shares of our common stock to complete our purchase of Heart and Lung Imaging Limited.  The shares were ascribed a value of $6.8 million.

On November 1, 2022  we made a contribution to our joint venture Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group of $12.7 million in equipment and other assets. We recorded an offset to due to affiliates of $4.5 million to reduce our overall investment to $8.3 million.

On  April  1,  2022  we  received  $8.4  million  in  fixed  assets  and  equipment  from  our  partner  in  Frederick  County Radiology, LLC.  See Note 4, Facility Acquisitions contained herein.

On January 20, 2022, we issued 1,141,234 shares of our common stock to complete our purchase of Aidence Holding B.V.  The shares were ascribed a value of $30.6 million.

On January 20, 2022, we issued 965,058 shares to complete our purchase of Quantib B.V. The shares were ascribed a value of $25.9 million.

On October 22, 2021 we completed our purchase of specific technology assets of DRT LLC in part by issuing 15,000 shares of our common stock to complete the transaction.  The shares were ascribed a value of $0.4 million.

On August 24, 2021, we completed our stock purchase of Tangent Associates LLC by issuing 67,658 shares of our common stock to complete the transaction. The shares were ascribed a value of $2.0 million.

On January 1, 2021 we entered into the Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC, partnership agreement with Simi Valley Hospital and Health Services ("Simi Adventist"). Of the total combined assets of $0.4 million, RadNet transferred $0.3 million and Simi Adventist contributed the remaining $0.1 million.

We entered into finance lease debt of approximately $20.0 thousand during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020.

## RADNET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## NOTE 1 - NATURE OF BUSINESS

We are a national provider of freestanding, fixed-site outpatient diagnostic imaging services in the United States. At December 31, 2022, we operated directly or indirectly through joint ventures with hospitals, 357 centers located in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, and New York. Our centers provide physicians with imaging capabilities to  facilitate  the  diagnosis  and  treatment  of  diseases  and  disorders.  Our  services  include  magnetic  resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology  (X-ray),  fluoroscopy  and  other  related  procedures.  The  vast  majority  of  our  centers  offer  multi-modality  imaging services.  Our  multi-modality  strategy  diversifies  revenue  streams,  reduces  exposure  to  reimbursement  changes  and  provides patients and referring physicians one location to serve the needs of multiple procedures.  In addition to our center operations, we have certain other subsidiaries that develop Artificial Intelligence ("AI") products and solutions that are designed to enhance interpretation of radiographic images. Our operations comprise two segments for financial reporting purposes for this reporting period, Imaging Centers and Artificial Intelligence. For further financial information about these segments, see Note 5, Segment Reporting.

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of RadNet, Inc. as well as its subsidiaries in which RadNet has a controlling financial interest. The consolidated financial statements also include certain variable interest entities in which we are the primary beneficiary (as described in more detail below). All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated upon consolidation.   All of these affiliated entities are referred to collectively as 'RadNet', 'we', 'us', 'our' or the 'Company' in this report.

Accounting regulations stipulate that generally any entity with a) insufficient equity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support provided by any parties, or b) equity holders that, as a group, lack the characteristics which evidence a controlling financial interest, is considered a Variable Interest Entity ('VIE'). We consolidate all VIEs in which we are the primary beneficiary. We determine whether we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE through a qualitative analysis  that  identifies  which  variable  interest  holder  has  the  controlling  financial  interest  in  the  VIE.  The  variable  interest holder who has both of the following has the controlling financial interest and is the primary beneficiary: (1) the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance and (2) the obligation to absorb losses of, or the right to receive benefits from, the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. In performing our analysis, we consider all relevant facts and circumstances, including: the design and activities of the VIE, the terms of the contracts the VIE has entered into, the nature of the VIE's variable interests issued and how they were negotiated with or marketed to potential investors, and which parties participated significantly in the design or redesign of the entity.

VIEs that we consolidate as the primary beneficiary consist of professional corporations which are owned or controlled by  individuals  within  our  senior  management  and  provide  professional  medical  services  for  centers  in  Arizona,  California, Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York.  These VIEs are collectively referred to as the Group.  RadNet provides nonmedical, technical and administrative services to the Group for which it receives a management fee, pursuant to the related management  agreements.  Through  the  management  agreements  we  have  exclusive  authority  over  all  non-medical  decision making related to the ongoing business operations and we determine the annual budget. The Group has insignificant operating assets and liabilities, and de minimis equity.  Substantially all cash flows of the Group after expenses, including professional salaries, are transferred to us. We consolidate the revenue and expenses, assets and liabilities of the Group.  The creditors of the Group do not have recourse to our general credit and there are no other arrangements that could expose us to losses on behalf of the  Group.  However,  RadNet  may  be  required  to  provide  financial  support  to  cover  any  operating  expenses  in  excess  of operating revenues.

The Group on a combined basis recognized $189.1 million, $179.6 million, and $147.6 million of revenue, net  of management services fees to RadNet, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively and $189.1 million, $179.6 million, and $147.6 million of operating expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. RadNet, Inc. recognized $786.5 million, $749.2 million, and $600.7 million of total billed net service fee revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, for management services provided to the Group relating primarily to the technical portion of billed revenue.

The  cash  flows  of  the  Group  are  included  in  the  accompanying  consolidated  statements  of  cash  flows.  All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. In our consolidated balance sheets at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we have included approximately $110.3 million and $89.2 million, respectively, of accounts

receivable and approximately $16.2 million and $14.4 million of accounts payable and accrued liabilities related to the Group, respectively.

At  all  of  our  centers  not  serviced  by  the  Group  we  have  entered  into  long-term  contracts  with  medical  groups  to provide professional services at those centers, including supervision and interpretation of diagnostic imaging procedures. The medical  groups  maintain  full  control  over  the  physicians  they  employ.  Through  our  management  agreements,  we  make available  to  the  medical  groups  the  imaging  centers,  including  all  furniture,  fixtures  and  medical  equipment  therein.    The medical groups are compensated for their services from the professional component of the global net service fee revenue and after deducting management service fees paid to us, we have no economic controlling interest in these medical groups. As such, the financial results of these groups are not consolidated in our financial statements.

We also own a 49% economic interest in ScriptSender, LLC, which provides services for secure data transmission of medical information. Through a management agreement, RadNet provides management and accounting services and receives an agreed upon fee. ScriptSender LLC is dependent on us to finance its own activities, and as such we determined that it is a VIE  but  we  are  not  a  primary  beneficiary  since  we  do  not  have  the  power  to  direct  the  activities  of  the  entity  that  most significantly impact the entity's economic performance.  We have continued to finance ScriptSender during it's development phase and our maximum exposure to loss is $3.3 million, which represents our receivable balance from the entity.  Maximum exposure to loss is the loss that we would absorb in the event that all of the assets of ScriptSender are deemed worthless.  We paid operating expenses for the venture of $2.1 million and $1.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively.

## NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION - The operating activities of subsidiaries are included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements ('financial statements') from the date of acquisition. Investments in companies in which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, are accounted for by the equity method. All intercompany transactions and balances, with our consolidated entities and the unsettled amount of intercompany transactions with our equity method  investees,  have  been  eliminated  in  consolidation.  As  stated  in  Note  1  above,  the  Group  consists  of  VIEs  and  we consolidate  the  operating  activities  and  balance  sheets  of  each.  Additionally,  we  determined  that  our  unconsolidated  joint venture, ScriptSender, LLC, is also a VIE as it is dependent on our operational funding but we are not a primary beneficiary since RadNet does not have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance.

USE OF ESTIMATES - The financial statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  U.S.  generally  accepted accounting principles (GAAP), which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in  the  financial  statements  and  accompanying  notes.  These  estimates  and  assumptions  affect  various  matters,  including  our reported  amounts  of  assets  and  liabilities  in  our  consolidated  balance  sheets  at  the  dates  of  the  financial  statements;  our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements; and our reported amounts of revenues and expenses in our consolidated statements of operations during the reporting periods. These estimates involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that are difficult to predict and are beyond management's control. As a result, actual amounts could materially differ from these estimates.

REVENUES - Our revenues generally relate to net patient fees received from various payors and patients themselves under contracts in which our performance obligations are to provide diagnostic services to the patients. Revenues are recorded during the period when our obligations to provide diagnostic services are satisfied. Our performance obligations for diagnostic services are generally satisfied over a period of less than one day. The contractual relationships with patients, in most cases, also  involve  a  third-party  payor  (Medicare,  Medicaid,  managed  care  health  plans  and  commercial  insurance  companies, including  plans  offered  through  the  health  insurance  exchanges)  and  the  transaction  prices  for  the  services  provided  are dependent upon the terms provided by Medicare and Medicaid, or negotiated with managed care health plans and commercial insurance  companies.  The  payment  arrangements  with  third-party  payors  for  the  services  we  provide  to  the  related  patients typically  specify  payments  at  amounts  less  than  our  standard  charges  and  generally  provide  for  payments  based  upon predetermined rates per diagnostic services or discounted fee-for-service rates. Management continually reviews the contractual estimation  process  to  consider  and  incorporate  updates  to  laws  and  regulations  and  the  frequent  changes  in  managed  care contractual terms resulting from contract renegotiations and renewals.

As it relates to the Group, this service fee revenue includes payments for both the professional medical interpretation revenue recognized by them as well as the payment for all other aspects related to our providing the imaging services, for which we earn management fees. As it relates to other centers, this service fee revenue is earned through providing the use of our

diagnostic  imaging  equipment  and  the  provision  of  technical  services  as  well  as  providing  administration  services  such  as clerical  and  administrative personnel, bookkeeping and accounting services, billing and collection, provision of medical and office supplies, secretarial, reception and transcription services, maintenance of medical records, and advertising, marketing and promotional activities.

Our revenues are based upon the estimated amounts we expect to be entitled to receive from patients and third-party payors. Estimates of contractual allowances under managed care and commercial insurance plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. Revenues related to uninsured patients and copayment and deductible amounts  for  patients  who  have  health  care  coverage  may  have  discounts  applied  (uninsured  discounts  and  contractual discounts). We also record estimated implicit price concessions (based primarily on historical collection experience) related to uninsured accounts to record self-pay revenues at the estimated amounts we expect to collect.

Under  capitation  arrangements  with  various  health  plans,  we  earn  a  per-enrollee  amount  each  month  for  making available  diagnostic  imaging  services  to  all  plan  enrollees  under  the  capitation  arrangement.  Revenue  under  capitation arrangements is recognized in the period in which we are obligated to provide services to plan enrollees under contracts with various health plans.

Our  total  service  fee  revenues  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021,  and  2020  are  presented  in  the  table below.    Our  imaging  center  revenue  is  displayed  as  the  estimated  service  fee,  broken  down  by  classification  of  insurance coverage type.  Additional revenues are earned from our management services provided to joint ventures and our software and AI subsidiaries.

| In Thousands  2022  2021  2020  Commercial insurance  $  785,128  $  743,462  $  584,035  Medicare  311,124  280,911  217,928  Medicaid  38,279  34,731  25,619  Workers' compensation/personal injury  51,339  44,235  33,478  Other patient revenue  31,849  19,398  25,314  Management fee revenue  22,235  19,630  11,253  Software and teleradiology  14,238  10,525  10,798  Other  19,428  12,436  23,297  Revenue under capitation arrangements  152,045  148,334  140,118  Imaging center segment revenue  1,425,665  1,313,662  1,071,840  AI segment revenue  4,396  1,415  -  Total revenue  $  1,430,061  $  1,315,077  $  1,071,840   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

GOVERNMENT ASSISTANCE: COVID-19 PANDEMIC AND CARES ACT FUNDING -  On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization (WHO) designated COVID-19 as a global pandemic.  To aid businesses and stimulate the national economy, Congress passed The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security ("CARES") Act, which was signed in to law on March 27, 2020.

Beginning in the second quarter of 2020 and through the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we received funding from the various programs established by the CARES Act as follows:

- $39.6 million total of accelerated Medicare payments received, $39.5 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and $0.1 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021.
- $4.0 million from the Paycheck Protection Program during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020.
- $35.4 million total Provider Relief Funding, $26.3 million received for the twelve months ended December 31, 2020 and $9.1 million received for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021.

The accelerated Medicare payments were recorded to deferred revenue in our consolidated balance sheet and are being applied to revenue as services are performed beginning in 2021.  Based on terms released on October 1, 2020, through the Continuing Appropriations  Act,  2021  and  Other  Extensions  Act,  such  accelerated  payments  are  interest  free  for  inpatient  acute  care hospitals for 29 months (seven months for medical groups), and the program currently requires CMS to recoup the payments

beginning one year after receipt by the provider, by withholding future Medicare fee-for-service payments for claims at a rate of 25% for the first 11 months, and 50% for the 6 months afterward, until the full accelerated payment has been recouped.  The program currently requires any outstanding balance remaining after 29 months to be repaid by the provider or be subject to an interest rate currently set at 4%. We applied the accelerated Medicare payments to revenue in the amount of $8.4 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and $30.2 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021.  As of December 31, 2022, approximately $1.0 million  of Medicare payments received remain in deferred revenue.

The $4.0 million secured from the Paycheck Protection Program was accounted for as debt and in December 2020 we met  the  eligibility  requirements  under  the  government  guidelines  for  forgiveness  and  the  loans  were  written  off  to  gain  on extinguishment of debt.

The Provider Relief Funding is displayed as such on our consolidated statements of operations in the year received.

The CARES Act also provides for the deferral of the employer-paid portion of the social security payroll tax with 50% due by December 31, 2021 and 50% due by December 31,2022. We elected to defer $16.3 million of this tax through December 31,  2020  which  has  been  paid  as  of  December  31,  2022.    The  CARES  Act  also  provided  a  refundable  employer  tax  credit ("ERC")  equal  to  50%  of  qualified  wages,  including  certain  health  insurance  costs,  that  can  be  used  to  offset  payroll  tax liabilities.    In  the  year  ending  December  31,  2021,  we  recognized  an  employee  retention  credit  as  a  reduction  to  cost  of operations totaling of $7.7 million.

ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE - Substantially all of our accounts receivable are due under fee-for-service  contracts from third party payors, such as insurance companies and government-sponsored healthcare programs, or directly from patients. Services are generally provided pursuant to one-year contracts with healthcare providers. We continuously monitor collections from our payors and maintain an allowance for bad debts based upon specific payor collection issues that we have identified and our historical experience.

We have entered into factoring agreements with various institutions and sold certain accounts receivable under nonrecourse agreements in exchange for notes receivables from the buyers. These transactions are accounted for as a reduction in accounts receivable as the agreements transfer effective control over and risk related to the receivables to the buyers. Proceeds on notes receivables are reflected as operating activities on our statement of cash flows and on our balance sheet as prepaid expenses and other current assets for the current portion and deposits and other for the long term portion.   Amounts remaining to  be  collected  on  these  agreements  were  $15.4  million  and    $17.7  million  at  December  31,  2022  and  December  31,  2021, respectively.  We do not utilize factoring arrangements as an integral part of our financing for working capital.

ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES - Accounts payable and accrued expenses were comprised of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Accounts payable  $  102,678  $  86,461  Accrued expenses  181,574  93,420  Accrued salary and benefits  62,072  62,425  Accrued professional fees  23,271  21,631  Total  $  369,595  $  263,937   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

SOFTWARE REVENUE RECOGNITION - We have developed and sell Picture Archiving Communications Systems ('PACS') and related services. The PACS sales are made primarily through our sales force and generally include hardware, software, installation, training and first-year warranty support. Hardware which is not unique or special purpose, is purchased from a third-party and resold to customers with a small mark-up.

We have determined that our core software products,  such  as  PACS,  are  essential  to  most  of  our  arrangements  as hardware,  software  and  related  services  are  sold  as  an  integrated  package.    Revenue  is  recognized  when  a  performance obligation is satisfied by transferring a promised good or service to a customer.

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded approximately $13.2 million, $10.5 million, and $8.6  million,  respectively,  in  revenue  related  to  our  software  business  which  is  included  in  net  service  fee  revenue  in  our consolidated statement of operations. At December 31, 2022 we had deferred revenue of approximately $0.9 million associated with these sales which we expect to recognize into revenue over the next 12 months.

SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS - When we develop our own software and artificial intelligence solutions we capitalize  and  amortize  those  costs  over  their  useful  life.  Costs  related  to  the  research  and  development  of  new  software products and enhancements to existing software intended for resale to our customers are expensed as incurred.

CONCENTRATION  OF  CREDIT  RISKS  -  Financial  instruments  that  potentially  subject  us  to  credit  risk  are primarily cash equivalents and accounts receivable. We have placed our cash and cash equivalents with one major financial institution. At times, the cash in the financial institution is temporarily in excess of the amount insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC. Substantially all of our accounts receivable are due under fee-for-service contracts from third party  payors,  such  as  insurance  companies  and  government-sponsored  healthcare  programs,  or  directly  from  patients.  We continuously monitor collections and maintain an allowance for bad debts based upon our historical collection experience. In addition, we have notes receivable stemming from our factoring of accounts receivable as stated above.  Companies with which we factor our receivables are well known established buyers of such instruments, have agreed to assume the full risk of their collection.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - We consider all highly liquid investments that mature in three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents approximates the fair market value.

DEFERRED FINANCING COSTS - Costs of financing are deferred and amortized using the effective interest rate method.  Deferred financing costs are related to our revolving credit facilities. Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization, were $2.3 million and $2.1 million for the twelve months ended at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 8, Credit Facilities and Notes Payable for more information on our revolving lines of credit.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT - Property and equipment  are  stated  at  cost,  less  accumulated  depreciation  and amortization. Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment are provided using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 15 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized at the lesser of lease term or their estimated useful lives, which range from 3 to 15 years. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.

BUSINESS COMBINATION - When the qualifications for business combination accounting treatment are met, it requires us to recognize separately from goodwill the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net of the acquisition date  fair  values  of  the  assets  acquired  and  the  liabilities  assumed.  While  we  use  our  best  estimates  and  assumptions  to accurately  value  assets  acquired  and  liabilities  assumed  at  the  acquisition  date,  our  estimates  are  inherently  uncertain  and subject to refinement. As a result, during the measurement period, which may be up to one year from the acquisition date, we record adjustments to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed with the corresponding offset to goodwill. Upon the conclusion of the measurement period or final determination of the values of assets acquired or liabilities assumed, whichever comes first, any subsequent adjustments are recorded to our consolidated statements of operations.

GOODWILL AND INDEFINITE LIVED INTANGIBLES - Goodwill totaled $677.7 million and $513.8 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Indefinite lived intangible assets at  were $24.1 million at December 31, 2022 and $20.6 million at December 31, 2021 and are associated with the value of certain trade name intangibles and in process research and development (IPR&amp;D). Goodwill, trade name intangibles and IPR&amp;D are recorded as a result of business combinations.  When  we  determine  the  carrying  value  of  goodwill  exceeds  its  fair  value,  an  impairment  charge  would  be recognized which should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. We determined fair values for each  of  the  reporting  units  using  the  market  approach,  when  available  and  appropriate,  or  the  income  approach,  or  a combination of both. We assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. If multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.

We tested goodwill, trade name and IPR&amp;D for impairment on October 1, 2022.  In 2020 we ceased employing certain indefinite lived trade names with a total value of $4.2 million and they were written off in full as of December 31, 2020.  Our annual  impairment  test  as  of  October  1,  2022  noted  no  other  impairment,  and  we  have  not  identified  any  indicators  of impairment through December 31, 2022.

LONG-LIVED ASSETS - We evaluate our long-lived assets (property and equipment) and intangibles, other than goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets, for impairment when events or changes indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Accounting standards requires that if the sum of the undiscounted expected future cash flows from a long-lived asset or definite-lived intangible is less than the carrying value of that asset, an asset impairment charge must be recognized. The amount of the impairment charge is calculated as the excess of the asset's carrying value over its fair value, which generally represents the discounted future cash flows from that asset or in the case of assets we expect to sell, at fair value less costs to sell.  At December 31, 2021 we recorded a write off charge of $7.1 million in leasehold improvements for

facilities that we abandoned. See the Leases discussion below for more information.  Other than this, we determined that there were no events or changes in circumstances that indicated our long-lived assets were impaired during any periods presented.

INCOME TAXES - Income tax expense is computed using an asset and liability method and using expected annual effective  tax  rates.  Under  this  method,  deferred  income  tax  assets  and  liabilities  result  from  temporary  differences  in  the financial reporting bases and the income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities. The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by the amount of any tax benefit that, based on available evidence, is not expected to be realized. When it appears more likely than not that deferred taxes will not be realized, a valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the deferred tax asset to its estimated realizable value. For net deferred tax assets we consider estimates of future taxable income in determining whether our net deferred tax assets are more likely than not to be realized. See Note 10, Income Taxes, for more information.

LEASES - We determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease right-of-use  ('ROU')  assets,  current  operating  lease  liabilities,  and  long  term  operating  lease  liability  in  our  consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property and equipment, current finance lease liability, and long-term finance lease liability in our consolidated balance sheets.  ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term. As most of our  leases  do  not  provide  an  implicit  rate,  we  use  our  incremental  borrowing  rate  based  on  the  information  available  at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We use the implicit rate when readily determinable. We include options to extend a lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Lease expense for lease payments is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. For a contract in which we are a lessee that contains fixed payments for both lease and non-lease components, we have elected to account for the components as a single lease component, as permitted. For finance leases, interest expense on the lease liability is recognized using the effective interest method and amortization of the ROU asset is recognized on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the asset or the lease term.

ROU assets are tested for impairment if circumstances suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. No events have occurred such as fire, flood, or other acts which have impaired the integrity of our ROU assets as of December 31, 2022.  Our  facility  leases  require  us  to  maintain  insurance  policies  which  would  cover  major  damage  to  our  facilities.  We maintain  business  interruption  insurance  to  cover  loss  of  business  due  to  a  facility  becoming  non-operational  under  certain circumstances. Our equipment leases are covered by warranty and service contracts which cover repairs and provide regular maintenance to keep the equipment in functioning order.

After a management review of post pandemic patient traffic to centers during the fourth quarter of 2021, it was noted that although overall volumes had returned to pre-pandemic levels, certain imaging locations did not experience the same levels of  activity  as  beforehand.    This  was  due  in  part  to  lower  utilization  rates  of  commercial  space  from  telecommuting, accompanied by the migration of those workers out of congested urban centers to residential areas.  Based on this analysis, management  decided  to  consolidate  volumes  into  fewer  centers  and  reduce  administrative  office  space  in  response  to  the demographic  changes  experienced.    To  complete  the  closure  of  these  locations,  we  took  a  lease  abandonment  charge  of approximately $12.6 million at December 31, 2021.

UNINSURED RISKS - On November 1, 2013 we entered into a high-deductible workers' compensation insurance policy.  We  have  recorded  liabilities  of  $3.9  million  and  $3.5  million  at  December  31,  2022  and  December  31,  2021, respectively, for the estimated future cash obligations associated with the unpaid portion of the workers compensation claims incurred.

We and our affiliated physicians carry an annual medical malpractice insurance policy that protects us for claims that are filed during the policy year and that fall within policy limits. The policy has a deductible which is $10,000 per incidence for all years covered by this report.

In December 2008, in order to eliminate the exposure for claims not reported during the regular malpractice policy period, we purchased a medical malpractice claims made tail policy, which provides coverage for any claims reported in the event that our medical malpractice policy expires. As of December 31, 2022, this policy remains in effect.

We have entered into an arrangement with Blue Shield to administer and process claims under a self-insured plan that provides health insurance coverage for our employees and dependents. We have recorded liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 of $7.4 million and $6.3 million, respectively, for the estimated future cash obligations associated with the unpaid portion of the medical and dental claims incurred by our participants. Additionally, we entered into an agreement with Blue

Shield for a stop loss policy that provides coverage for any claims that exceed $250,000 up to a maximum of $1.0 million in order for us to limit our exposure for unusual or catastrophic claims.

EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN - We adopted a profit-sharing/savings plan pursuant to Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code that covers substantially all non-professional employees. Eligible employees may contribute on a tax-deferred basis a percentage of compensation, up to the maximum allowable under tax law. Employee contributions vest immediately. We can elect to provide a matching contribution in the amount to a maximum of 1.0% per 4.0% of employee contribution, and have done so since 2017.  We contributed $3.0 million in matching for each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021.  For the year ended December 31, 2020, we elected not to provide a matching contribution.

EQUITY BASED COMPENSATION - We have one long-term incentive plan that we adopted in 2006 and which we first amended and restated as of April 20, 2015, and again on March 9, 2017, and currently as of April 15, 2021 (the 'Restated Plan'). The Restated Plan was approved by our stockholders at our annual stockholders meeting on June 10, 2021. We have reserved 16,500,000 shares of common stock for issuance under the Restated Plan which can be issued in the form of incentive and/or nonstatutory stock options, restricted and/or unrestricted stock, stock units, and stock appreciation rights.  Terms and conditions  of  awards  can  be  direct  grants  or  based  on  achieving  a  performance  metric  and  we  also  consider  probability  of achievement  of  performance  conditions  when  determining  expense  recognition.  For  the  awards  where  vesting  is  probable, equity-based compensation is recognized over the related vesting period. Stock options and warrants generally vest over three to five years and expire five to ten years from date of grant.  We determine the compensation expense for each stock option award using the Black Scholes, or similar, valuation model.  Those models require that our management make certain estimates concerning  risk  free  interest  rates  and  volatility  in  the  trading  price  of  our  common  stock.  The  compensation  expense recognized for all equity-based awards is recognized over the awards' service periods. Equity-based compensation is classified in operating expenses within the same line item as the majority of the cash compensation paid to employees.  In connection with  our  acquisition  of  DeepHealth  Inc.  on  June  1,  2020,  we  assumed  the  DeepHealth,  Inc.  2017  Equity  Incentive  Plan, including outstanding options awards that can be exercised for our common stock.  No additional awards will be granted under the DeepHealth, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan.  See Note 11, Stock-Based Compensation, for more information.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION - For our operations  in  Canada,  Europe  and  the  United  Kingdom,  the functional currency of our foreign subsidiaries is the local currency. Assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the balance sheet dates. Revenues and expenses are translated using average exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period. Any translation adjustments resulting from this process are shown separately as a component  of  accumulated  other  comprehensive  income  (loss).  Gains  and  losses  related  to  the  foreign  currency  portion  of international  transactions  are  included  in  the  determination  of  net  income.    The  following  is  a  reconciliation  of  Foreign Currency Translation amounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is provided below (in thousands):

| Currency Translation  Balance as of January 1, 2020  $  (276)  Currency Translation Adjustments  (101)  Balance as of December 31, 2020  (377)  Currency Translation Adjustments  (65)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  (442)  Currency Translation Adjustments  (3,943)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  (4,385)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) - Accounting guidance establishes rules for reporting and displaying other comprehensive income (loss) and its components. Our foreign currency translation adjustments,  changes in the fair value of cash flow hedges, and the amortization of balances associated with derivatives previously classified as cash flow hedges are included in other comprehensive income (loss). The components of other comprehensive income (loss) for the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020 are included in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - We are party to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory, tax or  government  inquiries  and  investigations  that  arise  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.  With  respect  to  these  matters,  we evaluate the developments on a regular basis and accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. Based on current information, we do not believe that reasonably possible or probable losses associated with pending legal proceedings would either individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our business and

consolidated financial statements. However, the outcome of these matters is inherently uncertain. Therefore, if one or more of these  matters  were  resolved  against  us  for  amounts  in  excess  of  management's  expectations,  our  results  of  operations  and financial  condition,  including  in  a  particular  reporting  period  in  which  any  such  outcome  becomes  probable  and  estimable, could be materially adversely affected.

## DERIVATIVE INSTRUMENTS

## 2016 CAPS

In the fourth quarter of 2016, we entered into two forward interest rate cap agreements ("2016 Caps"). The 2016 Caps matured  in  September  and  October  2020.  The  2016  Caps  had  notional  amounts  of  $150,000,000  and  $350,000,000, respectively, which were designated at inception as cash flow hedges of future cash interest payments associated with portions of our variable rate bank debt. Under these arrangements, we purchased a cap on 3 month LIBOR at 2.0%. We were liable for a $5.3 million premium to enter into the caps which accrued to current liabilities on our balance sheet and paid over the life of the 2016  Caps.    The  gain  or  loss  of  the  hedge  (i.e.  change  in  fair  value)  was  reported  as  a  component  of  accumulated  other comprehensive income (loss) in the consolidated statement of equity.

A tabular presentation of the effect of derivative instruments on our consolidated statement of comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes is as follows (amounts in thousands):

## Interest Rate Contracts

| For the twelve months ended  Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized on  Derivative, net of taxes  Location of Gain (Loss) Recognized  in Income on Derivative  December 31, 2022  $-  December 31, 2021  $-  December 31, 2020  $788  Other Comprehensive Loss   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 2019 SWAPS

In the second quarter of 2019, we entered into four forward interest rate agreements ("2019 swaps").  The 2019 swaps have  total  notional  amounts  of  $500,000,000,  consisting  of  two  agreements  of  $50,000,000  each  and  two  agreements  of $200,000,000 each.   The 2019 swaps will secure a constant interest rate associated with portions of our variable rate bank debt and have an effective date of October 13, 2020. They will mature in October 2023 for the two smaller notional and October 2025 for the two larger notional. Under these arrangements, we arranged the 2019 swaps with locked in 1 month LIBOR rates at 1.96% for the $100,000,000 notional and at 2.05% for the $400,000,000 notional. As of the effective date, we will be liable for premium payments if interest rates decline below arranged rates, but will receive interest payments if rates remain above the arranged rates.

At  inception,  we  designated  our  2019  Swaps  as  cash  flow  hedges  of  floating-rate  borrowings.  In  accordance  with accounting guidance, derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedging instruments are reported at fair value.  The  gain  or  loss  on  the  effective  portion  of  the  hedge  (i.e.  change  in  fair  value)  is  reported  as  a  component  of accumulated  comprehensive  income  (loss)  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  equity.    The  remaining  gain  or  loss,  if  any,  is recognized currently in earnings.  The cash flows for both our $400,000,000 notional interest rate swap contract locked in at 2.05% due October 2025 and our $100,000,000 notional interest rate swap contract locked in at 1.96% do not match the cash flows  for  our  First  Lien  Term  Loans  and  so  we  have  determined  that  they  are  not  currently  effective  as  cash  flow  hedges. Accordingly, all changes in their fair value after April 1, 2020 for the $400,000,000 notional and after July 1, 2020 for the $100,000,000  notional  will  be  recognized  in  earnings.  As  of  July  1,  2020,  the  total  change  in  fair  value  relating  to  swaps included in  other  comprehensive  income  was  approximately  $24.4  million,  net  of  taxes.    This  amount  will  be  amortized  to interest expense through October 2023 at approximately $0.4 million per month and continuing at approximately $0.3 million per month through October 2025.

A tabular presentation of the effect of derivative instruments on our consolidated statement of comprehensive loss of the 2019 swaps is as follows (amounts in thousands):

## Interest Rate Contracts - Effective Portion

| For the twelve months ended  Amount of Loss Recognized on  Derivative, net of taxes  Location of Loss Recognized  in Income on Derivative  December 31, 2022  $-  December 31, 2021  $-  December 31, 2020  $(20,160)  Other Comprehensive Loss   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A tabular presentation of the effect of derivative instruments on our statement of operations of the 2019 Swaps for the Swaps that became ineffective in 2020 is as follows (amounts in thousands):

## Interest Rate Contracts - Ineffective Portion

| For the twelve months  ended  Amount of gain (loss)  recognized in income on  derivative (current period  ineffective portion)  Location of gain (loss)  recognized in Income on  derivative (current period  ineffective portion)  Amount of loss reclassified  from accumulated other  comprehensive income  (loss) into income (prior  period effective portion)  Location of loss reclassified  from accumulated other  comprehensive income  (loss) into income (prior  period effective portion)  December 31, 2022  $39,621  Other Income  (Expense)  $(3,687)  Interest Expense  December 31, 2021  $21,670  Other Income  (Expense)  $(3,695)  Interest Expense  December 31, 2020  $(2,528)  Other Income  (Expense)  $(3,448)  Interest Expense   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONTINGENT CONSIDERATION -

## Aidence Holding B.V.

On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Aidence Holding B.V. ("Aidence") an artificial intelligence enterprise centered on lung cancer screening.  As part of the purchase agreement, we will pay up to $10.0 million consideration upon the completion of two identified milestones in RadNet common shares or cash at our election.  This contingency had a value of approximately $7.2 million on December 31, 2022. The amount is reviewed quarterly and adjusted to  fair  value  based  on  the  yield  rate  of  S&amp;P  B-rated  corporate  bonds  and  the  probability  of  FDA  approval,  which  has  been currently determined by management to be 80% for milestone one and 70% for milestone two.  In addition, there is a remaining general holdback of $4.0 million to be issued in shares of our common stock subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims.

## Quantib B.V.

On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Quantib B.V. ("Quantib") an artificial intelligence enterprise centered on prostate cancer screening.  As part of the purchase agreement, we will issue 18 months after acquisition,  113,303  shares  of  our  common  stock  with  an  initial  fair  value  at  the  date  of  close  of  $3.0  million  subject  to adjustment for any indemnification claims and will be adjusted to fair value in subsequent periods. This contingency had a value of approximately $2.1 million as of December 31, 2022. In addition, there is a general holdback of $1.6 million to be issued in cash subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims.

## Montclair

On October  1,  2022,  we  completed  our  acquisition  of  Montclair  Radiological  Associates.  As  part  of  the  purchase agreement, we recorded $1.2 million in contingent consideration to be determined by obtaining specific EBITDA targets within a defined time frame.

## Heart and Lung Imaging Limited

On  November  1,  2022,  we  completed  our  acquisition  of  75%  of  the  equity  interests  of  Heart  and  Lung  Imaging Limited. The purchase included $10.2 million in contingent milestone consideration and cash holdback of $0.6 million to be issued 24 months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims, which will be adjusted to fair value in

subsequent periods.  The milestone contingency had a value of approximately $11.1 million as of December 31, 2022.   The contingent consideration is determined by the achievement of a specific number of physician reads.

A tabular rollforward of contingent consideration is as follows (amounts in thousands):

## For the twelve months ended December 31, 2022

| Entity  Account  January 1, 2022  Balance  Issuance of  contingent  consideration  Amount of  income (loss)  recognized on  contingent  consideration  Currency  Translation  December 31,  2022 Balance  Aidence  Other Long  Term  Liabilities  $  -  $  11,453  $  (362)  $  67  $  11,158  Quantib  Accrued  Expenses &amp;  Other Long  Term  Liabilities  $  -  $  4,581  $  (903)  $  31  $  3,709  Montclair  Accrued  Expenses  $  -  $  1,200  $  -  $  -  $  1,200  Heart and  Lung  Limited  Accrued  Expenses &amp;  Other Long  Term  Liabilities  $  -  $  10,814  $  566  $  276  $  11,656   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

See Fair Value Measurements section below for the fair value of contingent consideration at December 31, 2022.

FAIR  VALUE  MEASUREMENTS - Assets  and  liabilities  subject  to  fair  value  measurements  are  required  to  be disclosed within a fair value hierarchy. The fair value hierarchy ranks the quality and reliability of inputs used to determine fair value. Accordingly, assets and liabilities carried at, or permitted to be carried at, fair value are classified within the fair value hierarchy in one of the following categories based on the lowest level input that is significant to a fair value measurement:

Level 1-Fair value is determined by using unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level  2-Fair  value  is  determined  by  using  inputs  other  than  Level  1  quoted  prices  that  are  directly  or  indirectly observable. Inputs can include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in inactive markets. Related inputs can also include those used in valuation or other pricing models such as interest rates and yield curves that can be corroborated by observable market data.

Level 3-Fair value is determined by using inputs that are unobservable and not corroborated by market data. Use of these inputs involves significant and subjective judgment.

## Derivatives:

The table below summarizes the estimated fair values of certain of our financial assets that are subject to fair value measurements, and the classification of these assets in our consolidated balance sheets, as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31, 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Other Current Assets and Deposits and Other  2019 SWAPS - Interest Rate Contracts  $  -  $  23,302  $  -  $  23,302   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As of December 31, 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Accrued expenses and other non-current liabilities  2019 SWAPS - Interest Rate Contracts  $  -  $  16,319  $  -  $  16,319   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated fair value of these contracts was determined using Level 2 inputs. More specifically, the fair value was determined  by  calculating  the  value  of  the  difference  between  the  fixed  interest  rate  of  the  interest  rate  swaps  and  the counterparty's forward LIBOR curve. The forward LIBOR curve is readily available in the public markets or can be derived from information available in the public markets.

## Contingent Consideration:

The table below summarizes the estimated fair values of contingencies and holdback relating to our Aidence Holding B.V. and Quantib B.V. acquisitions on January 20, 2022, and the Heart and Lung Imaging Limited acquisition on November 1, 2022 that are subject to fair value measurements and the classification of these liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31, 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  Accrued expenses and other non-current liabilities  Aidence Holding B.V. milestone consideration  $  -  $  -  $  11,158  $  11,158  Quantib B.V. holdback of 113,303 shares of RadNet common  stock  $  -  $  -  $  3,709  $  3,709  Montclair Radiological Associates  $  -  $  -  $  1,200  $  1,200  Heart and Lung Imaging Limited  $  -  $  -  $  11,656  $  11,656   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The estimated  fair  value  of  these  liabilities  was  determined  using  Level  3  inputs.    For  Aidence  Holding  B.V.,  the milestone  contingent  liability  was  adjusted  to  fair  value  based  on  the  yield  rate  of  S&amp;P  B-rated  corporate  bonds  and  the probability of FDA approval.  For the Quantib B.V holdback shares, the fair value was determined by calculating the value of estimated shares issuable as of the reporting date (which was $18.83) translated at the current exchange rate at December 31, 2022,  the  time  period  related  to  the  contractual  settlement  term,  and  the  probability  of  issuing  the  shares.    For  Montclair Radiological Associates the contingent consideration is determined by obtaining specific EBITDA targets within a defined time frame.  For Heat Lung Imaging Limited the contingent consideration is determined by the achievement of a specific number of physician reads.  As significant inputs for the contingent consideration of Aidence B.V., Quantib B.V., Montclair Radiological Associates and Heart Lung Imaging Limited are not observable and cannot be corroborated by observable market data they are classified as Level 3.

## Long Term Debt

The table below summarizes the estimated fair value and carrying amount of our Truist (Term Loan Agreement) and Barclays (First Lien Term Loans) long-term debt as follows (in thousands):

| As of December 31, 2022  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total Fair  Value  Total  Face  Value  Term Loan Agreement and First Lien Term Loans  $  -  $  843,594  $  -  $  843,594  $  864,125   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| As of December 31, 2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total Fair  Value  Total  Face  Value  Term Loan Agreement and First Lien Term Loans  $  -  $  766,973  $  -  $  766,973  $  767,875   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Our Barclays revolving credit facility had no aggregate principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.  Our Truist revolving credit facility had no aggregate principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively.

The estimated fair values of our long-term debt, which is discussed in Note 8, was determined using Level 2 inputs for the Barclays and Truist term loans. Level 2 inputs primarily related to comparable market prices.

We consider the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, other current assets, current liabilities and other notes payables to approximate their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their expected realization or payment. Additionally, we consider the carrying amount of our capital lease obligations to approximate their fair value because the weighted average interest rate used to formulate the carrying amounts approximates current market rates.

EARNINGS PER SHARE - Earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of shares of common stock and common stock equivalents outstanding, net of common stock held in treasury, as follows (in thousands except share and per share data):

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Net income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc. common stockholders  $  10,650  $  24,727  $  (14,840)  BASIC NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period  56,293,336  52,496,679  50,891,791  Basic  net  income  (loss)  per  share  attributable  to  RadNet,  Inc.  common  stockholders  $  0.19  $  0.47  $  (0.29)  DILUTED NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO  RADNET, INC. COMMON STOCKHOLDERS  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period  56,293,336  52,496,679  50,891,791  Add nonvested restricted stock subject only to service vesting  172,139  259,539  -  Add  additional  shares  issuable  upon  exercise  of  stock  options,  warrants  and  holdback shares  855,395  664,815  -  Weighted  average  number  of  common  shares  used  in  calculating  diluted  net  income per share  57,320,870  53,421,033  50,891,791  Changes in fair value associated with contingently issuable shares  $  (724)  $  -  $  -  Net income (loss) attributable to RadNet, Inc's common stockholders for  diluted share calculation  $9,926  $24,727  $(14,840)  Diluted  net  income  (loss)  per  share  attributable  to  RadNet,  Inc.  common  stockholders  $  0.17  $  0.46  $  (0.29)  Stock options and non-vested restricted awards excluded from the computation  of diluted per share amounts as their effect would be antidilutive:  Nonvested restricted stock subject to service vesting  -  -  329,159  Shares issuable upon the exercise of stock options  152,723  47,792  554,444   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

INVESTMENTS IN EQUITY SECURITIES- As of December 31, 2022, we have three equity investments for which a fair  value  is  not  readily  determinable  and  we  do  not  have  significant  influence  and  therefore  the  total  amounts  invested  are recognized at cost.  In accordance with accounting guidance , if there is no readily determinable fair value, the guidance allows entities the ability to measure investments at cost less impairment, whereby impairment is based on a qualitative assessment.

Medic  Vision,  based  in  Israel,  specializes  in  software  packages  that  provide  compliant  radiation  dose  structured reporting  and  enhanced  images  from  reduced  dose  CT  scans.    Our  investment  of  $1.2  million,  represents  a  14.21%  equity interest  in  the  company.    No  observable  price  changes  or  impairment  in  our  investment  was  noted  as  of  the  year  ended December 31, 2022.

Turner Imaging Systems, based in Utah, develops and markets portable X-ray imaging systems that provide a user the ability  to  acquire  X-ray  images  wherever  and  whenever  they  are  needed.  On  February  1,  2018,  we  purchased  2.1  million preferred shares in Turner Imaging Systems for $2.0 million.  On January 1, 2019 we funded a convertible promissory note in the amount of $0.1 million that converted to an additional 80,000 preferred shares on October 11, 2019.  No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022.

WhiteRabbit.ai Inc., based in California, is currently developing an artificial intelligence suite which aims to improve the speed and accuracy of cancer detection in radiology and improve patient care. On November 5, 2019 we acquired an equity interest in the company for $1.0 million and also loaned the company $2.5 million in support of its operations.  No observable price changes or impairment in our investment was noted for the year ended December 31, 2022.

INVESTMENT IN JOINT VENTURES - We have 13 unconsolidated joint ventures with ownership interests ranging from 35% to 55%. These joint ventures represent partnerships with hospitals, health systems or radiology practices and were formed  for  the  purpose  of  owning  and  operating  diagnostic  imaging  centers.    Professional  services  at  the  joint  venture diagnostic imaging centers are performed by contracted radiology practices or a radiology practice that participates in the joint venture.    Our  investment  in  these  joint  ventures  is  accounted  for  under  the  equity  method,  as  we  do  not  have  a  controlling financial interest in such ventures. We evaluate our investment in joint ventures, including cost in excess of book value (equity method goodwill) for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. No indicators of impairment existed as of December 31, 2022.

## Joint venture investment and financial information

The following table is a summary of our investment in joint ventures during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands):

| Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  34,528  Equity contributions in existing and purchase of interest in joint ventures  1,441  Equity in earnings in these joint ventures  10,967  Distribution of earnings  (4,707)  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  42,229  Equity contributions in existing and purchase of interest in joint ventures  9,712  Equity in earnings in these joint ventures  10,390  Distribution of earnings  (4,438)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  57,893   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We charged management service fees from the centers underlying these joint ventures of approximately  $22.2 million, $19.6  million  and  $11.3  million  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.    We  eliminate  any unrealized portion of our management service fees with our equity in earnings of joint ventures.  As we have the ability to exercise significant influence over our joint venture entities, we consider them related parties.  Amounts transacted between ourselves  and  the  entities  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business  are  disclosed  on  our  balance  sheet  in  the  due  from/to  affiliate accounts.

The following table is a summary of key unaudited financial data for these joint ventures as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, (in thousands):

| December 31,  Balance Sheet Data:  2022  2021  Current assets  $  39,304  $  37,186  Noncurrent assets  134,694  73,592  Current liabilities  (29,588)  (12,919)  Noncurrent liabilities  (37,952)  (22,370)  Total net assets  $  106,458  $  75,489  Book value of RadNet joint venture interests  $  49,564  $  34,930  Cost in excess of book value of acquired joint venture interests accounted for as equity  method goodwill  8,329  7,299  Total value of RadNet joint venture interests  $  57,893  $  42,229   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  2020  Net revenue  $  145,256  $  129,023  $  101,921  Net income  $  21,169  $  21,893  $  16,850   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we made an additional equity contributions of $1.4 million each year to Arizona Diagnostic Radiology Group ("ADRG", our joint venture with Dignity Health).

On November 1, 2022, we contributed eight of our imaging centers to ADRG of $12.7 million and recorded a loss of $0.5 million which was calculated as the difference between the sale price and carrying value of such imaging centers which included equipment and other assets and an allocation of goodwill to such imaging centers.  We recorded $4.5 million of the sale price as an offset to due to affiliates while the remaining $8.3 million was recorded as investment in joint venture on our balance  sheet.    We  accounted  for  the  transaction  as  an  adjustment  to  our  equity  investment  for  the  value  of  the  assets contributed.  To maintain our 49% economic interest in ADRG, we received a distribution from the partnership of $4.5 million to reduce our overall investment to $8.3 million.

## NOTE 3 - RECENT ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

## Accounting standards adopted

Over the course of 2020 through 2022, the FASB issued different Accounting Standards Updates (ASUs) in regards to Reference  Rate  Reform  (Topic  848). ASU  2020-04  and  ASU  2021-01  addressed  optional  expedients  and  exceptions  for applying generally accepted accounting principals to certain contract modifications, hedging relationships, and derivatives that referenced London Inter-bank Offered Rate (LIBOR) or another reference rate expected to be discontinued.  The provisions originally were set to expire on December 31, 2022.  The date of LIBOR cessation was finalized as June 30, 2023, which is beyond the current sunset date of Topic 848 and hence the need to extend the time allotted for accounting relief. ASU 2022-06 deferred the sunset date of the provision out to December 31, 2024. The adoption of the provisions under these ASUs did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In  November  2021,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2021-10  ("ASU  2021-10"), Government  Assistance  (Topic  832), Disclosures  by  Business  Entities  about  Government  Assistance. ASU  2021-10  requires  entities  to  provide  disclosures  on material government assistance transactions for annual reporting periods. The disclosures include information around the nature of the assistance, the related accounting policies used to account for government assistance, the effect of government assistance on the entity's financial statements, and any significant terms and conditions of the agreements, including commitments and contingencies.  The  new  standard  was  effective  for  financial  statements  issued  for  annual  reporting  periods  beginning  after December 15, 2021. As ASU 2021-10 only impacts annual financial statement footnote disclosures, the adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU 2021-08 ("ASU 2021-08"), Business Combinations (Topic 805), Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers. ASU 2021-08 requires an acquirer in a business combination  to  recognize  and  measure  contract  assets  and  contract  liabilities  in  accordance  with  Accounting  Standards

Codification Topic 606. ASU 2021-08 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 and early adoption is permitted. The adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.

## NOTE 4 - BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND RELATED ACTIVITY

## Acquisitions

## Imaging Center Segment

During 2022 and 2021, we completed the acquisition of certain assets of the following entities, which either engage directly in the practice of radiology or associated businesses.  The primary reason for these acquisitions was to strengthen our presence in the Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey and New York markets.  We made a fair value determination of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and the following were recorded (in thousands):

2022:

| Entity  Date  Acquired  Total  Purchase  Consideration  Property &amp;  Equipment  Right of Use  Assets  Goodwill  Intangible  Assets  Other  Right of Use  Liabilities  IFRC LLC*^  1/1/2022  8,200  2,910  1,703  5,271  -  19  (1,703)  IFRC LLC*^  1/1/2022  4,800  2,103  857  2,697  -  -  (857)  Montclair  Radiological  Associates,  P.A.*#  10/1/2022  94,877  16,414  4,665  79,690  400  (2,168)  (4,124)  Heart and Lung  Imaging  Limited+  11/1/2022  32,000  -  -  16,200  15,800  -  -  Chelsea  Diagnostic  Radiology,  P.C.*  12/1/2022  2,800  568  -  2,132  100  -  -  North  Jersey  Imaging  Center, LLC*  12/9/2022  104  20  -  55  25  4  -  $142,781  $22,015  $7,225  $106,045  $16,325  $(2,145)  $(6,684)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Fair Value Determination is Final

^ IFRC LLC acquisitions consisted of three subsidiaries of IFRC, one of which was purchased separately by a joint venture with Calvert Medical Imaging Centers, LLC.

# Montclair Radiological Associates includes a liability for $1.2 million in contingent consideration.

+See detailed description of the Heart and Lung Imaging Limited acquisition below.

## 2021:

| Entity  Date  Acquired  Total  Purchase  Consideration  Property &amp;  Equipment  Right of Use  Assets  Goodwill  Intangible  Assets  Other  Right of Use  Liabilities  Personal Health  Imaging PLLC*  2/1/2021  2,995  576  608  2,355  50  14  (608)  ZP Elmont LLC*  2/1/2021  2,194  1,112  -  1,005  50  27  -  ZP Freeport LLC*  2/1/2021  6,065  4,668  -  1,328  40  29  -  Broadway Medical  Imaging LLC*  2/1/2021  1,155  1,076  446  6  50  23  (446)  3235 Hempstead  LLC*  2/1/2021  9,386  5,667  -  3,649  70  -  -  SLZM Realty  LLC*  2/1/2021  13,671  4,617  -  8,974  80  -  -  2012 Sunrise  Merrick LLC*  2/1/2021  11,428  2,741  335  8,617  70  -  (335)  ZP Bayside LLC*  3/1/2021  3,545  3,385  2,191  40  50  70  (2,191)  ZP Laurelton  LLC*  3/1/2021  2,658  2,530  1,418  32  50  46  (1,418)  ZP Smith LLC*  3/1/2021  3,978  3,581  2,214  347  50  -  (2,214)  ZP 907 Northern  LLC*  4/1/2021  562  507  1,817  5  50  -  (1,817)  William M. Kelly  MD, Inc.* ^  5/1/2021  3,750  990  1,379  2,710  50  -  (1,379)  60th Street MRI,  LLC*  5/1/2021  400  85  -  290  25  -  -  ZP Parkchester  LLC*  5/1/2021  263  213  311  -  50  -  (311)  ZP Eastern LLC*  6/1/2021  2,868  2,801  1,951  17  50  -  (1,951)  Tangent Associates  LLC**  8/24/2021  2,025  10  -  379  1,636  -  -  Mid Delaware  Imaging P.A.  12/1/2021  6,023  590  -  5,260  150  23  -  William M. Kelly  MD, Inc.* ^  12/6/2021  4,404  701  -  3,653  50  -  -  William M. Kelly  MD, Inc.* ^  12/31/2021  2,346  99  323  2,197  50  -  (323)  $79,716  $35,949  $12,993  $40,864  $2,671  $232  $(12,993)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Fair Value Determination is Final

** All stock purchase through issuing 67,658 shares of our common stock.

^ William M. Kelly MD acquisitions consisted of various subsidiaries purchased separately.

## Heart and Lung Imaging Limited

On November 1, 2022, we acquired a 75% controlling interest in Heart and Lung Imaging Limited ('HLI').  HLI is a teleradiology  concern  which  operates  in  the  United  Kingdom  with  the  National  Healthcare  Service  to  screen  high  risk populations  for  cardiac  and  lung  conditions.    HLI's  operations  are  included  in  our  imaging  center  segment  for  reporting purposes.  The  transaction  was  accounted  for  as  the  acquisition  of  a  business  with  a  total  purchase  consideration  of approximately $31.9 million, including: i) shares with a fair value of $6.8 million (359,002 shares issued at $19.06 per share), ii) cash of $6.3 million and iii) contingent consideration of $10.8 million ($10.2 million in contingent milestone consideration and  cash  holdback  of  $0.6  million  to  be  issued  24  months  after  acquisition  subject  to  adjustment  for  any  indemnification claims) and iv) noncontrolling interest of $8.0 million. We recorded $0.6 million in current assets, $15.8 million in intangible assets, $0.6 million current liabilities and $16.2 million in goodwill in connection with this transaction.

As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are customer relationships and trade names. The fair value of the intangible assets was estimated using the income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using a rate of 19.0%. The cash flows were based on estimated earnings from existing customers, and the discount rate applied was benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital.

## Artificial Intelligence Segment

## Aidence Holding B.V.

On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Aidence Holding B.V. ("Aidence") an artificial  intelligence  enterprise  focused  on  lung  cancer  screening.    Aidence  is  reported  as  part  of  our  artificial  intelligence segment and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities.  The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and  total  purchase  consideration  was  determined  to  be  approximately  $45.2  million  including  i)  1,117,872  shares  issued  at $26.80 per share with a fair value of $30.0 million ii) cash of $1.8 million and iii) contingent consideration of $11.9 million ($7.4  million  in  milestones  to  be  settled  in  shares  or  cash  at  our  election  and  a  share  holdback  of  $4.5  million)  and  iv)  a settlement  of  a  loan  from  RadNet  of  $1.5  million.    In  addition  we  paid  certain  seller  closing  costs  through  the  issuance  of 23,362  shares  at  a  fair  value  of  $0.6  million.    As  a  result  of  this  transaction,  we  recorded  $1.0  million  in  current  assets, $0.2 million in property and equipment, $27.7 million in intangible assets (including developed technology of $21.1 million and IPR&amp;D of $5.5 million), $3.2 million in current liabilities, a deferred tax liability of $3.5 million, and $22.9 million in goodwill.

In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Aidence business.

As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR&amp;D,  trade  names,  and  customer  relationships.  The  fair  value  of  the  intangible  assets  was  estimated  using  the  income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from 15% to 17%. The cash flows were based on estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital.

The developed technology consists of artificial  intelligence  powered  applications  for  lung  nodule  management  and early lung cancer diagnosis and reporting.

The IPR&amp;D asset relates primarily to an in-process project for a customer relationship management offering to manage patients that are found with Incidental Pulmonary Nodules and has not reached technological feasibility as of the acquisition date. The asset recorded relates to one project, and the Company expects to complete the project in the next twelve months.

The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at 7 years, for customer relationships 5.4 years, and trade names was 7 years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired was recorded to goodwill. Factors contributing to the recognition of the amount of goodwill were primarily based on anticipated strategic and synergistic benefits that are expected to be realized from the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth.

## Quantib B.V.

On January 20, 2022, we completed our acquisition of all the equity interests of Quantib B.V. ("Quantib") an artificial intelligence enterprise focused on prostate cancer screening.  Quantib is reported as part of our artificial intelligence segment, and was acquired to enhance our AI capabilities.  The transaction was accounted for as an acquisition of a business and total purchase  consideration  was  determined  to  be  approximately  $42.3  million  including  i)  965,058  shares  issued  at  $26.80  per share with a fair value of $25.9 million ii) cash of $11.8 million and iii)  contingent consideration consisting of 113,303 shares with a fair value at the date of close of $3.0 million and cash of $1.6 million both to be released 18 months after acquisition subject to adjustment for any indemnification claims. As a result of this transaction, we recorded $2.4 million in current assets, $0.1 million in property and equipment, $21.3 million in intangible assets (including developed technology of $19.6 million and IPR&amp;D of  $0.7  million),  $0.7  million  in  current  liabilities,  $6.7  million  in  long-term  debt  and  deferred  tax  liabilities,  and $26.4 million in goodwill.

In performing the purchase price allocation, we considered, among other factors, the intended future use of acquired assets, analysis of historical financial performance and estimates of future performance of the Quantib business.

As part of the purchase price allocation, we determined the identifiable intangible assets are developed technology, IPR&amp;D,  trade  names,  and  customer  relationships.  The  fair  value  of  the  intangible  assets  was  estimated  using  the  income approach, and the cash flow projections were discounted using rates ranging from 50% to 55%. The cash flows were based on

estimates used to price the transaction, and the discount rates applied were benchmarked with reference to the implied rate of return from the transaction model and the weighted average cost of capital.

The developed technology consists of artificial intelligence powered applications for neurological and prostate imaging scans and reporting.

The useful lives for the developed technology asset was set at seven years, customer relationships three years, and trade names seven years. The calculation of the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the tangible net assets  and  intangible  assets  acquired  was  recorded  to  goodwill.  Factors  contributing  to  the  recognition  of  the  amount  of goodwill  were  primarily  based  on  anticipated  strategic  and  synergistic  benefits  that  are  expected  to  be  realized  from  the acquisition. These benefits include expanding the Company's AI capabilities to drive revenue growth.

As disclosed above, for the acquisitions of Aidence and Quantib, the Company uses the income approach to determine the fair value of developed technology and IPR&amp;D acquired in business combinations. This approach determines fair value by estimating the after-tax cash flows attributable to the respective assets over their useful lives and then discounting these aftertax  cash  flows  back  to  a  present  value.  The  Company  bases  its  revenue  assumptions  on  estimates  of  relevant  market  sizes, expected market growth rates, expected trends in technology and expected product introductions by competitors. The value of the in-process projects is based on the project's stage of completion, the complexity of the work completed as of the acquisition date, the projected costs to complete, the expected introduction date, the estimated cash flows to be generated upon commercial release and the estimated useful life of the technology. The Company believes that the estimated developed technology and IPR&amp;D amounts represent the fair value at the date of acquisition and do not exceed the amount a third-party would pay for the assets.  The  significant  assumptions  used  to  estimate  the  fair  value  of  intangible  assets  include  discount  rates  and  certain assumptions that form the basis of the forecasted results, specifically, revenue growth rates, EBITDA margins and obsolescence factors. These significant assumptions are forward looking and could be affected by future economic and market conditions.

## Subsidiary activity

## Formation of majority owned subsidiaries

## Frederick County Radiology, LLC

On April 1, 2022 we formed Frederick County Radiology, LLC ("FCR"), a partnership with Frederick Health Hospital, Inc. ("Hospital").  The operation offers multi-modality services out of six locations in Frederick, Maryland.  We contributed the operations of four centers to the enterprise and Hospital contributed $5.4 million in fixed assets, $3.0 million in equipment, and $11.0 million in goodwill.  As a result of the transaction, we recognized a gain of $6.6 million to additional paid in capital and retained a 65% controlling economic interest in FCR and Hospital retains an $11.1 million or 35% noncontrolling economic interest in FCR.

## Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC

On June 15, 2022 we entered into Advanced Radiology at Capital Region, LLC, a partnership with Dimension Health Corporation. ("Dimension"), an affiliate of the University of Maryland.  The operation will provide multi-modality services out of two yet to be determined locations in the Largo, Maryland area.  The venture was initially capitalized with nominal amounts of $5.1 thousand for a 51% economic interest  from us and $4.9 thousand from Dimension for a 49% economic interest.

## Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC

On January 1, 2021 we entered into the Simi Valley Imaging Group, LLC, a partnership with Simi Valley Hospital and Health Services ("Simi Adventist").  The operation will offer multi-modality imaging services out of two locations in Ventura County, California.  Total investment in the venture is $0.4 million. RadNet contributed $0.3 million in assets for a 60.0% economic interest and Simi Adventist contributed assets totaling $0.1 million for a 40.0% economic interest.

## Sale of ownership interest  in a majority owned subsidiary

Effective September 1, 2021 we completed the sale of a 24.9% ownership interest in our majority owned subsidiary West Valley Imaging Group, LLC for $13.1 million to Tarzana Medical Center, LLC.  After the sale, our ownership interest in the subsidiary has reduced from 75.0% to 50.1% and we retain a controlling financial interest in the subsidiary.  We recognized in additional paid in capital on our consolidated balance sheets, $4.2 million excess in consideration over the carrying value of the sold economic interest.  Post the sale of our ownership interest we acquired from Tarzana Medical Center, LLC, certain tangible and intangible business assets for purchase consideration of approximately $5.2 million.

## NOTE 5 - SEGMENT REPORTING

## Our reportable segments are described below:

## Imaging Center

Our Imaging Center segment provides physicians with imaging capabilities to facilitate the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and disorders. Services include magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), computed tomography (CT), positron emission tomography (PET), nuclear medicine, mammography, ultrasound, diagnostic radiology (X-ray), fluoroscopy and other related procedures. The vast majority of our centers offer multi-modality imaging services, a strategy that diversifies revenue streams, reduces exposure to reimbursement changes and provides patients and referring physicians one location to serve the needs of multiple procedures.  We also provide teleradiolgy services in the United Kingdom though our Heart&amp;Lung Health subsidiary. Included in the segment is our eRad subsidiary, which designs the underlying critical scheduling, data storage and retrieval systems necessary for imaging center operation.

## Artificial Intelligence ("AI")

Our AI segment develops and deploys clinical applications to enhance interpretation of medical images and improve patient outcomes with an emphasis on brain, breast, prostate, and pulmonary diagnostics.

Our  chief  operating  decision  maker  ("CODM"),  who  is  also  our  CEO,  evaluates  the  financial  performance  of  our segments  based  upon  their  respective  revenue  and  segmented  internal  profit  and  loss  statements  prepared  on  a  basis  not consistent with GAAP.  We do not report balance sheet information by segment since it is not reviewed by our CODM.

The table below present segment information reconciled to our financial results, with segment operating income or loss including revenue less cost of operations, depreciation and amortization, and other operating expenses to the extent specifically identified by segment (in thousands):

| Twelve Months Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Revenue:  Imaging Centers  $  1,425,665  $  1,313,662  $  1,071,840  AI  4,396  1,415  -  Total revenue  $  1,430,061  $  1,315,077  $  1,071,840  Cost of Operations  Imaging Centers  $  1,240,593  $  1,130,543  $  967,250  AI  23,753  5,333  2,822  Total cost of operations  $  1,264,346  $  1,135,876  $  970,072  Depreciation and Amortization  Imaging Centers  $  109,524  $  96,174  $  86,396  AI  6,353  520  399  Total depreciation and amortization  $  115,877  $  96,694  $  86,795  Loss on Disposal of Equipment  Imaging Centers  $  2,506  $  8,319  $  1,200  AI  23  -  -  Total loss (gain)  $  2,529  $  8,319  $  1,200  Severance  Imaging Centers  $  926  $  744  $  4,353  AI  20  -  -  Total severance  $  946  $  744  $  4,353  Income from Operations  Imaging Centers  $  72,116  $  77,882  $  12,641  AI  (25,753)  (4,438)  (3,221)  Total income from operations  $  46,363  $  73,444  $  9,420   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  proper  comparative  purposes,  Imaging  Center  segment  revenue  for  the  years  2021  and  2020  exclude  Provider  Relief Funding  of  $9.1  million  and  $26.3  million  for  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  respectively  as  it represents a form of direct Government stimulus.  No such funds were received for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022.

## NOTE 6 - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Goodwill is recorded as a result of business combinations. The following is a reconciliation of Goodwill by business segment for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022 is provided below (in thousands):

| Imaging Center  Artificial Intelligence  Total  Balance as of December 31, 2020  $  448,269  $  24,610  $  472,879  Additions  40,864  -  40,864  Measurement period and other  adjustments  77  -  77  Balance as of December 31, 2021  $  489,210  $  24,610  $  513,820  Additions  120,551  48,697  169,248  Disposals  (4,200)  -  (4,200)  Measurement period and other  adjustments  (106)  147  41  Currency translation  1,028  (2,272)  (1,244)  Balance as of December 31, 2022  $  606,483  $  71,182  $  677,665   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount of goodwill from these acquisitions that is deductible for tax purposes as of December 31, 2022 is $154.9 million.

Other intangible assets are primarily related to our business combinations and software development.  They include the estimated fair values of such items as service agreements, customer lists, covenants not to compete, acquired technologies, and trade names.

Total amortization expense was $10.1 million, $4.4 million, and $3.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  Intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over their useful life determined at acquisition. Management service agreements are amortized over 25 years using the straight line method.  Software development is capitalized and amortized over the useful life of the software when placed into service.  Trade names are reviewed annually for impairment.

The following tables shows annual amortization expense, by asset classes that will be recorded over the next five years (in thousands):

| 2023  2024  2025  2026  2027  Thereafter  Total  Weighted  average  amortization  period  remaining in  years  Management Service Contracts  $  2,287  $  2,287  $  2,287  $  2,287  $  2,287  $  8,958  $  20,393  8.9  Covenant not to compete and other  contracts  1,319  891  642  356  72  40  3,320  3.1  Customer Relationships  1,244  1,244  1,112  991  816  12,396  17,803  18.6  Patent and Trademarks  298  298  298  298  298  322  1,812  6.4  Developed Technology &amp; Software  6,297  6,297  6,297  6,257  5,722  7,196  38,066  6.7  Trade Names amortized  305  77  77  77  77  89  702  4.5  Trade Names indefinite life  -  -  -  -  -  7,100  7,100  -  IPR&amp;D  -  -  -  -  -  17,032  17,032  -  Total Annual Amortization  $  11,750  $  11,094  $  10,713  $  10,266  $  9,272  $  53,133  $  106,228   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 7 - PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property and equipment and accumulated depreciation and amortization are as follows (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  Land  $  250  $  250  Medical equipment  649,034  560,301  Computer and office equipment, furniture and fixtures  119,467  144,766  Software development costs  36,015  -  Leasehold improvements  501,963  441,921  Equipment originally acquired under finance/capital lease  13,971  13,984  Total property and equipment cost  1,320,700  1,161,222  Accumulated depreciation  (754,739)  (676,975)  Total property and equipment  $  565,961  $  484,247   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in our property and equipment at December 31, 2022  is approximately $73.4 million total of construction in process amounts consisting of $26.6 million in medical equipment, $5.3 million in computer and office equipment, $0.4 million in software development and $41.1 million in leasehold improvements.

Included in our property and equipment at December 31, 2021 is approximately $18.1 million total of construction in process amounts consisting of $2.6 million in medical equipment, $6.1 million in computer and office equipment, and $9.3 million in leasehold improvements.

Depreciation and amortization expense of property and equipment, including amortization of equipment under finance leases,  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020  was  $105.6  million,  $92.3  million,  and  $83.1  million, respectively.

## NOTE 8 - CREDIT FACILITIES AND NOTES PAYABLE

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 our debt obligations consisted of the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  December 31,  2021  First Lien Term Loans collateralized by RadNet's tangible and intangible assets  $  714,125  $  721,375  Discount on First Lien Term Loans  (11,127)  (13,213)  Term Loan Agreement collateralized by NJIN's tangible and intangible assets  150,000  46,500  Discount on NJIN Term Loan Agreement  (1,254)  -  Total debt obligations  851,744  754,662  Less current portion  (12,400)  (11,164)  Long-term portion debt obligations  $  839,344  $  743,498   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The following is a listing of annual principal maturities of notes payable exclusive of all related discounts and repayments on our revolving credit facilities for years ending December 31 (in thousands):

| 2023  $  14,750  2024  14,750  2025  18,500  2026  18,500  2027  119,750  Thereafter  677,875  Total notes payable obligations  $  864,125   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We had no outstanding balance under our $195.0 million Barclays Revolving Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 and  had  reserved  an  additional  $7.6  million  for  certain  letters  of  credit.    The  remaining  $187.4  million  of  our  Barclays Revolving Credit Facility was available to draw upon as of  December 31, 2022.  We also had no balance under our $50.0 million Truist Revolving Credit Facility related to our consolidated subsidiary NJIN at December 31, 2022, and with no letters

of  credit  reserved  against  the  facility,  the  full  amount  was  available  to  draw  upon.  At  December  31,  2022  we  were  in compliance with all covenants under our credit facilities.

## Amendments to Credit Facilities

## Barclays: Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement

On April 23, 2021, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the "Restated Credit Agreement") which provides for $725.0 million of senior secured first lien term loans (the "First Lien Term Loans") and a $195.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the "Barclays Revolving Credit Facility"). The proceeds of the First Lien Term Loans were used to refinance loans outstanding under our prior first lien credit agreement and provide funding  for  current  and  future  operations.  Total  costs  of  the  Restated  Credit  Agreement  amounted  to  approximately  $14.9 million segregated as follows: $8.8 million capitalized to discount and deferred finance cost, $6.0 million charged to loss on early extinguishment of debt and related expenses and $0.1 million written off to interest expense.  Amounts capitalized will be amortized over the remaining terms of the respective credit facilities under the Restated Credit Agreement.

## Truist: Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement

On October 7, 2022, we entered into the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement (the "Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement") which provides for a $150.0 million of a secured term loan (the "Truist Term Loan") and a $50.0 million secured revolving credit facility (the "Truist Revolving Credit Facility").  Both loans were secured by our simultaneous entry into the Second Amended and Restated Guaranty and Security Agreement on the same date.  The proceeds were were used to refinance the outstanding balance under our prior term loan agreement and provide funding for current and future operations. Total costs of the Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement amounted to approximately $2.7 million segregated as follows: $2.0 million capitalized to discount and deferred finance cost and $0.7 million expensed to loss on extinguishment of debt and related expenses in other expense.  Amounts capitalized will be amortized over the remaining terms of the respective credit facilities under the Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement.

All obligations under the Second Amended and Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement bear interest at either a SOFR or a Base Rate (each as defined in the Restated Credit and Term Loan Agreement), plus an applicable margin according to the following schedule:

| Pricing  Level  Leverage Ratio  Applicable  Margin for  SOFR Loans  Applicable  Margin for Base  Rate Loans  Applicable  Margin for  Letter of Credit  Fees  Applicable  Percentage for  Commitment Fee  I  Greater than or equal to  3.00:1.00  2.50%  per annum  1.50%  per annum  2.50%  per annum  0.45%  per annum  II  Less than 3.00:1.00 but  greater than or equal to  2.50:1.00  2.25%  per annum  1.25%  per annum  2.25%  per annum  0.40%  per annum  III  Less than 2.50:1.00 but  greater than or equal to  2.00:1.00  2.00%  per annum  1.00%  per annum  2.00%  per annum  0.35%  per annum  IV  Less than 2.00:1.00 but  greater than or equal to  1.50:1.00  1.75%  per annum  0.75%  per annum  1.75%  per annum  0.30%  per annum  V  Less than 1.50:1.00  1.50%  per annum  0.50%  per annum  1.50%  per annum  0.30%  per annum   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Senior Credit Facilities:

## First Lien Term Loans:

The  First  Lien  Term  Loans  under  the  Restated  Credit  Agreement  bear  interest  at  either  a  Eurodollar  Rate  or  an Alternate Base Rate (in each case, as defined in the Restated Credit Agreement), plus an applicable margin.  The applicable

margin for Eurodollar Rate term loans under the Restated Credit Agreement is 3.25% per annum, with a reduction to 3.0% per annum upon delivery  by  us  of  financial  statements  evidencing  a  first  lien  net  leverage  ratio  of  3.50  to  1.00  or  less.    Such statements were delivered by us on May 27, 2021. At December 31, 2022 the effective Eurodollar Rate and the Alternate Base Rate for the First Lien Term Loans under the Restated Credit Agreement was 4.73% and 7.50%, respectively and the applicable margin for the Eurodollar Rate and Alternate Base Rate First Lien Term Loans under the Restated Credit Agreement was 3.00% and 2.00%, respectively.

The  Restated  Credit  Agreement  provides  for  quarterly  payments  of  principal  for  the  First  Lien  Term  Loan  in  the amount of approximately $1.8 million.  The  First Lien Term Loan will mature on April 23, 2028 unless otherwise accelerated under the terms of the Restated Credit Agreement.

## Truist Term Loan:

The Truist Term Loan currently bears interest at a three month SOFR election of 4.28% plus an applicable margin and fees based on Pricing Level III described above.

The scheduled amortization of the Truist Term Loan begins March 31, 2023 with quarterly payments of $1.9 million, representing 1.00% of the original principal balance. At scheduled intervals, the quarterly amortization increases by $0.9 million, with the remaining balance to be paid at maturity.  The Truist Term Loan will mature on October 10, 2027 unless otherwise accelerated under the terms of the  Credit Agreement.

## Revolving Credit Facilities:

## Barclays Revolving Credit Facility:

The  Barclays  Revolving  Credit  Facility  under  the  Restated  Credit  Agreement  is  a  $195.0  million  senior  secured revolving  credit  facility.  Associated  with  the  Barclays  Revolving  Credit  Facility  are  deferred  financing  costs,  net  of accumulated amortization, of $1.7 million at December 31, 2022.

Revolving loans borrowed under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at either a Eurodollar Rate or an Alternate  Base  Rate  (in  each  case,  as  defined  in  the  Restated  Credit  Agreement)  plus  an  applicable  margin  which  adjusts depending on our first lien net leverage ratio, according to the following schedule:

| First Lien Leverage Ratio  Eurodollar Rate Spread  Base Rate Spread  &gt; 3.50x  3.25%  2.25%  &gt; 3.00x but ≤ 3.50x  3.00%  2.00%  ≤ 3.00x  2.75%  1.75%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate for borrowings on revolving loans under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility stood at 9.5%.

For letters of credit issued under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility, letter of credit fees accrue at the applicable margin for Eurodollar rate revolving loans which is currently 3.00% and fronting fees accrue at 0.125% per annum, in each case on the average aggregate daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all letters of credit issued under the Restated Credit Agreement. In addition, a commitment fee of 0.50% per annum accrues on the unused revolver commitments under the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility.

The Barclays Revolving Credit Facility will terminate on April 23, 2026 unless otherwise accelerated in accordance with the terms of the Restated Credit Agreement.

## Truist Revolving Credit Facility:

Associated  with  the  Truist  Revolving  Credit  Facility  of  $50.0  million  are  deferred  financing  costs,  net  of accumulated amortization, of  $0.6 million at December 31, 2022.  As of December 31, 2022, NJIN had no borrowings under the Truist Revolving Credit Facility.

The  Truist  Revolving  Credit  Facility  bears  interest  with  different  margins  based  on  types  of  borrowings  at  a Pricing Level III as noted in the pricing grid above.  The Truist Revolving Credit Facility terminates on the earliest of (i)

October  7,  2027,  (ii)  the  date  on  which  the  Revolving  Commitments  are  terminated  pursuant  to  Section  2.8  of  the  Truist Restated Credit Agreement, or (iii) the date on which all amounts outstanding under the Truist Restated Credit Agreement have been declared or have automatically become due and payable (whether by acceleration or otherwise).

## Recent Amendments to prior Credit Facilities

## Barclays Credit Facilities:

On August 28,  2020,  RadNet  Management,  Inc.  and  RadNet,  Inc.  entered  into  Amendment  No.  8,  Consent  and Incremental  Joinder  Agreement  to  Credit  and  Guaranty  Agreement  (the  "Eighth  Amendment").    The  Eighth  Amendment amended the prior first lien credit agreement to add $57.5 million of revolving commitments to the prior Barclays revolving credit facility increasing the maximum borrowing capacity under the prior Barclays revolving credit facility to $195.0 million while leaving the maturity date of July 1, 2023 unchanged.

On  April  18,  2019  we  entered  into  the  following  two  amendments  to  the  prior  first  lien  credit  agreement:  (i) Amendment No. 6, Consent and Incremental Joinder Agreement to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the 'Sixth Amendment'); and (ii) Amendment No. 7 to Credit and Guaranty Agreement (the 'Seventh Amendment').  Among other things, the Sixth Amendment amended the prior first lien credit agreement to issue $100.0 million in incremental first lien term loans and to add an additional $20.0 million of revolving commitments to the prior Barclays revolving credit facility.  The Seventh Amendment amended the prior first lien credit agreement to extend the maturity date of the prior Barclays revolving credit facility by an additional  two  years  to  July  1,  2023,  unless  sooner  terminated  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the  prior  first  lien  credit agreement.

The prior first lien credit agreement was amended and restated by the Restated Credit Agreement described above, and the  prior  first  lien  term  loans  and  prior  Barclays  revolving  credit  facility  under  the  prior  first  lien  credit  agreement  were refinanced and replaced by the First Lien Term Loans and the Barclays Revolving Credit Facility provided under the Restated Credit Agreement described above.

## Truist Credit Facilities:

On  August  31,  2018,  under  the  Amended  and  Restated  Revolving  Credit  and  Term  Loan  Agreement  (A&amp;R Agreement), NJIN secured a term loan commitment of $60.0 million and established revolving credit facility of $30.0 million. The agreement had a maturity date of August 31, 2023 and was refinanced on October 10, 2022 by the Second Amended and Restated Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement.

## Paycheck Protection Program

The Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) includes funds available for loans to small business and Medicare providers to  support  operations  during  the  COVID-19  pandemic.  The  funds  are  administered  by  the  Small  Business  Administration (SBA), through approved lenders and do not require collateral or personal guarantees.  We received our loans based on being a Medicare provider. The terms and conditions for participation require entities to certify that economic uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic makes the loan necessary to support their current operations, and that they will use the funds to retain workers  (e.g.,  by  paying  salaries,  providing  paid  sick/medical  leave  and  health  insurance  benefits)  and  pay  certain  debts (mortgage obligations) and expenses (e.g. rent, utilities, telephone).  The loans have a 1.0% fixed interest rate and are due in 2 years.    The  loans  are  eligible  for  forgiveness  subject  to  salary  limitations  and  employee  retention  levels.  Certain  of  our consolidated subsidiaries received four loans totaling $4.0 million.  We accounted for the funds received as debt and recorded a liability for the full amount of proceeds received and accrued interest over the term of the loans.  In December 2020 we met the eligibility requirements for forgiveness and the loans were written off to gain on debt extinguishment.

## NOTE 9 - LEASES

Our  material  lease  contracts  are  for  facilities  and  advanced  radiology  equipment.      In  regards  to  our  imaging, administrative  and  warehouse  facilities,  the  most  common  initial  lease  term  varies  in  length  from  5  to  15  years.  Including renewal options negotiated with the landlord, we can have a total span of 10 to 35 years at these locations, and we do not enter into purchase options on the underlying property.  We also lease smaller satellite X-Ray locations on mutually renewable terms, usually lasting one year.  Leases for advanced radiology and office equipment have terms generally lasting from 5 to 8 years. All  leases  are  classified  as  operating  or  finance  for  accounting  purposes,  depending  on  the  terms  of  the  agreement.    Our Incremental  Borrowing  Rate  ("IBR")  used  to  discount  the  stream  of  lease  payments  is  closely  related  to  the  interest  rates

charged  on  our  collateralized  debt  obligations  and  our  IBR  is  adjusted  when  those  rates  experience  a  substantial  change. During 2021, we satisfied all liabilities classified as finance leases, and only operating leases remain.

## The components of lease expense were as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Operating lease cost  (1)  $  107,475  $  121,578  Finance lease cost:  Depreciation of leased equipment  $  2,896  $  3,068  Interest on lease liabilities  -  46  Total finance lease cost  $  2,896  $  3,114   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1) Operating lease cost above for the year ended December 31, 2021 included $12.6 million in lease abandonment charges. Please see our discussion in the Leases section of Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

## Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows:

| Years ended December 31,  (In thousands)  2022  2021  Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:  Operating cash flows from operating leases  (1)  $  108,004  $  110,288  Operating cash flows from financing leases  -  46  Financing cash flows from financing leases  -  3,304  Right-of-use &amp; Equipment assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:  Operating leases  88,080  186,695   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1)  On  December 31, 2021 we reduced our liability and eliminated the related right-of-use assets for future lease options at facilities that we elected to abandon.  The amount of liability and right-of-use asset reduction amounted to approximately $3.3 million.

## Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows:

| (In thousands, except lease term and discount rates)  December 31,  2022  2021  Operating Leases  Operating lease right-of-use assets  $  603,524  $  584,291  Current portion of operating lease liability  57,607  65,452  Operating lease liabilities  604,117  577,675  Total operating lease liabilities  $  661,724  $  643,127  Finance Leases  Equipment at cost  $  13,971  $  13,984  Accumulated depreciation  (12,171)  (9,287)  Equipment, net  $  1,801  $  4,697  Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term  Operating leases - years  10.9  10.4  Weighted Average Discount Rate  Operating leases  6.4 %  6.3 %   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Maturities of lease liabilities were as follows:

| (In thousands)  Operating Leases  Year Ending December 31,  2023  $  92,371  2024  92,436  2025  88,941  2026  85,872  2027  82,136  Thereafter  499,326  Total Lease Payments  941,082  Less imputed interest  (279,358)  Total  $  661,724   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  of  December  31,  2022,  we  have  additional  operating  leases  for  facilities  and  medical  equipment  that  have  not  yet commenced of  approximately $11.8 million.  These operating leases will commence in 2023 with lease terms of 1 to 15 years.

## NOTE 10 - INCOME TAXES

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we have the following income (loss) before income taxes (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  2020  US Domestic  $  59,529  $  58,806  $  (986)  Foreign  (16,560)  73  132  Income (loss) before income taxes  $  42,969  $  58,879  $  (854)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For  the  years  ended  December  31,  2022,  2021  and  2020,  we  recognized  income  tax  expense  comprised  of  the following (in thousands):

| December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Federal current tax  $  -  $  -  $  (256)  State current tax  371  (2,191)  (1,608)  Foreign current tax  87  18  27  Federal deferred tax  6,470  9,831  (303)  State deferred tax  5,863  6,902  3,035  Foreign deferred tax  (3,430)  -  -  Income tax expense  $  9,361  $  14,560  $  895   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal rate and effective rates is as follows:

| Years Ended December 31,  2022  2021  2020  Federal tax  $  9,023  $  12,365  $  (179)  State franchise tax, net of federal benefit  595  4,198  779  Other Non deductible expenses  305  (93)  224  Officer Compensation  759  291  77  Noncontrolling interests in partnerships  (4,821)  (4,114)  (2,748)  Changes in valuation allowance  6,124  (249)  (33)  Return to provision  234  (2,530)  (2,252)  PPP Loan  -  -  (850)  Deferred true-ups and other  (1,451)  5,009  4,840  Foreign rate differential  (737)  4  (1)  Uncertain tax provisions  (749)  (321)  1,036  Other differences  79  -  2  Income tax expense  $  9,361  $  14,560  $  895   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred  income  taxes  reflect  the  net  tax  effects  of  temporary  differences  between  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes and operating loss carryforwards.

Our deferred tax assets and liabilities comprise the following (in thousands):

## December 31,

| Deferred tax assets:  2022  2021  Net operating losses  $  68,124  $  57,663  Accrued expenses  3,941  3,275  Operating lease liability  142,347  141,440  Equity compensation  4,387  2,993  Allowance for doubtful accounts  3,071  2,711  Other  6,541  7,532  Valuation allowance  (12,095)  (5,066)  Total Deferred Tax Assets  $  216,316  $  210,548  Deferred tax liabilities:  Property and equipment  (9,214)  (12,134)  Goodwill  (38,820)  (33,973)  Intangibles  (18,640)  (9,133)  Operating lease right-of-use asset  (129,802)  (128,868)  Outside basis difference  (20,015)  -  Other  (9,081)  (11,587)  Total Deferred Tax Liabilities  $  (225,572)  $  (195,695)  Net Deferred Tax (Liability) Asset  $  (9,256)  $  14,853   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As of December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $231.5 million, which is comprised of definite and indefinite net operating losses.  We had federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $165.2 million, which expire at various intervals from the years 2026 to 2037, and had carryforwards of $66.3 million of net operating  losses  which  do  not  expire.    Federal  net  operating  losses  generated  in  tax  years  following  December  31,  2017 carryover indefinitely and may be used to offset up to 80% of future taxable net income.  We also had state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $271.7 million, which expire at various intervals from the years 2024 through 2042. As of December  31,  2022,  $24.9  million  of  our  federal  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  acquired  in  connection  with  the  2011 acquisition of Raven Holdings U.S., Inc. and the 2019 acquisition of Nulogix Health, Inc. are subject to limitations related to their  utilization  under  Section  382  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code.    We  also  had  foreign  net  operating  loss  carryforwards  of approximately $19.8 million, which begin to expire from years 2023 to 2027, in addition to $11.0 million which do not expire and are carried over indefinitely.

We considered all evidence available when determining whether deferred tax assets are more likely-than-not to be realized,  including  projected  future  taxable  income,  scheduled  reversals  of  deferred  tax  liabilities,  prudent  tax  planning strategies, and recent financial operations. The evaluation of this evidence requires significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income, based on the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. In evaluating the objective evidence that historical results provide, we consider three years of cumulative operating income. As of December 31, 2022,  we  have  determined  that  deferred  tax  assets  of  $216.3  million  are  more  likely-than-not  to  be  realized.  We  have  also determined deferred tax liabilities of $38.8 million are related to book basis in goodwill that has an indefinite life.

We file consolidated income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction and various states and foreign jurisdictions. We continue to reinvest earnings of the non-US entities for the foreseeable future and therefore have not recognized any U.S. tax expense  on  these  earnings.  With  limited  exceptions,  we  are  no  longer  subject  to  U.S.  federal,  state  and  local,  or  non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years before 2018.  We do not anticipate the results of any open examinations would result in a material change to our financial position.

A  reconciliation  of  the  total  gross  amounts  of  unrecognized  tax  benefits  for  the  years  ended  are  as  follows  (in thousands):

## December 31,

| 2022  2021  2020  Balance at beginning of year  $  5,088  $  5,484  $  4,320  Increases related to prior year tax positions  55  317  1,382  Increases related to current year tax positions  -  -  3  Expiration of the statute of limitations for the assessment of taxes  (999)  (713)  (221)  Increase (decrease) related to change in rate  -  -  -  Balance at end of year  $  4,144  $  5,088  $  5,484   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized tax benefits of $4.1 million of which $3.4 million will affect the effective tax rate if recognized.

We recognize accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. During the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company accrued approximately $2 thousand of interest and penalties. As of December 31, 2022, accrued interest and penalties amounted to approximately $0.4 million.  We do not anticipate the uncertain tax position to change materially within the next 12 months.

On March 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (CARES Act). The Cares Act is an emergency economic stimulus package that includes spending and tax breaks to strengthen the United States  economy  and  fund  a  nationwide  effort  to  curtail  the  effect  of  COVID-19.  The  CARES  Act  provides  sweeping  tax changes in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, some of the more significant provisions are removal of certain limitations on utilization of net operating losses, increasing the loss carryback period for certain losses to five years, and increasing the ability to  deduct  interest  expense,  as  well  as  amending  certain  provisions  of  the  previously  enacted  Tax  Cuts  and  Jobs  Act.  At December 31, 2020, we have taken advantage of the accelerated tax depreciation related to qualified improvement property and the Paycheck Protection Program loan allowed under the CARES Act.

On December 27, 2020, the United States enacted the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2021 ('CAA'). The CAA includes provisions extending certain CARES Act provisions and adds coronavirus relief, tax and health extenders.

The Inflation Reduction Act 2022 which incorporates a Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax (CAMT) was signed on August 16, 2022.  The changes will affect for the tax years beginning after December 31, 2022.  The new tax will require companies to compute two separate calculations for federal income tax purposes and pay the greater of the new minimum tax or their regular tax liability.  We will be monitoring the impacts of the act to determine if this will have a impact on us for years beginning after December 31, 2022. As of year-end it is not expected to have a material impact for us.

The Creating Helpful Incentives to Produce Semiconductors (CHIPS) Act of 2022 was signed into law on August 9, 2022  to  boost  domestic  semiconductor  manufacturing  and  encourage  US  research  activities.    The  act  provided  a  25% investment  credit  intended  to  promote  domestic  production  of  semiconductors.  This  act  is  not  expected  to  have  a  material impact for us.

The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 subjects a U.S. shareholder to tax on global intangible low-taxed income ("GILTI") earned by certain foreign subsidiaries. An entity can make an accounting policy election to either recognize deferred taxes for temporary basis differences expected to reverse as GILTI in future years or to provide for the tax expense related to GILTI in the year the tax is incurred as a period expense only. We have elected to account for GILTI in the year the tax is incurred.

## NOTE 11 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION

## Stock Incentive Plans

We have one long-term equity incentive plan, the RadNet, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan, which we first amended and restated April 20, 2015, again on March 9, 2017 and currently as of April 15, 2021 (the "Restated Plan'). The Restated Plan was most recently approved by our stockholders at our annual stockholders meeting on June 10, 2021.  We have reserved for issuance under the 2017 Restated Plan 16,500,000 shares of common stock.  We can issue options (incentive and non-qualified), stock awards, stock appreciation rights, stock units and cash awards under the Restated Plan.

## Options

Certain options granted under the Restated Plan to employees are intended to qualify as incentive stock options under existing tax regulations. Stock options generally vest over three to five years and expire five to ten years from the date of grant.

The following summarizes all of our option transactions for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022:

| Outstanding Options  Under the 2006 Plan  Shares  Weighted  Average  Exercise price  Per Common  Share  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life(in years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Balance, December 31, 2021  473,939  $  9.38  Granted  229,975  28.36  Exercised  (25,000)  11.75  Balance, December 31, 2022  678,914  15.72  6.07  $  4,416,774  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  483,969  11.01  4.93  4,381,451   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aggregate  intrinsic  value  in  the  table  above  represents  the  total  pretax  intrinsic  value  (the  difference  between  our closing  stock  price  on  December  31,  2022  and  the  exercise  price,  multiplied  by  the  number  of  in-the-money  options  as applicable) that would have been received by the holder had all holders exercised their options on December 31, 2022.  As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested employee awards was $1.1 million which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.32 years.

## DeepHealth Options

During  the  second  quarter  of  fiscal  2020,  in  connection  with  the  completion  of  the  DeepHealth  acquisition,  we granted 412,434 options at a grant date fair value of $16.93 per share unit to DeepHealth employees in replacement of their stock  options  that  were  outstanding  as  of  the  closing  date.    As  of  December  31,  2022,  total  unrecognized  stock  based compensation  expense  related  to  non-vested  DeepHealth  options  was  approximately  $0.6  million  which  is  expected  to  be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 0.74 years.

| Outstanding Options  Under the Deep Health Plan  Shares  Weighted  Average  Exercise price  Per Common  Share  Weighted  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Life  (in years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic  Value  Balance, December 31, 2021  320,660  Exercised  (203,678)  -  Balance, December 31, 2022  116,982  -  6.80  $  2,202,771  Exercisable at December 31, 2022  76,909  -  6.80  1,448,198   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Restricted Stock Awards ('RSA's')

The Restated Plan permits the award of restricted stock awards ('RSA's'). As of December 31, 2022, we have issued a total  of  7,892,930  RSA's  of  which  536,767  were  unvested  at  December  31,  2022  .  The  following  summarizes  all  unvested RSA's activities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022:

| RSA's  Weighted-  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Term (Years)  Weighted-  Average  Fair Value  RSA's unvested at December 31, 2021  456,075  $  20.06  Changes during the period  Granted  649,901  $  26.33  Vested  (563,731)  $  21.62  Forfeited  (5,478)  $  23.76  RSA's unvested at December 31, 2022  536,767  1.01  $  23.84   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

We determine the fair value of all RSA's based of the closing price of our common stock on award date.

## Other stock bonus awards

The Restated Plan also permits the award of stock bonuses not subject to any future service period. These awards are valued and expensed based on the closing price of our common stock on the date of award. During the twelve months ended December  31,  2022  we  issued  41,000  shares  relating  to  these  awards,  approximately  amounting  to  $0.8  million  of compensation expense.

## Performance based stock units ("PSUs")

In January 2022, we granted certain employees PSUs with a target award of 25,683 shares of our common stock. The PSUs will vest in two equal parts, starting three years from the grant date based on continuous service, with the number of shares earned (0% to 200% of the target award) depending upon the extent to which we achieve a performance condition as determined by the board of directors over the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022.

## Performance based stock options ("PSOs")

In January 2022, we granted certain employees PSOs to purchase a maximum of 111,925 shares of our common stock. The PSOs will vest in three equal parts, starting three years from the grant date based on continuous service, with the number of shares  earned  (0  shares  to  111,925  shares)  depending  upon  the  extent  to  which  we  achieve  a  performance  condition  as determined by the board of directors over the period from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022.

## Long Term Incentive Plan shares ("LTIPs")

In addition, we issue stock-based compensation to certain employees in our AI segment in the form of Stock Units and Restricted Stock Awards, subject to certain restrictions. The awards represent a form of long term incentive and are reflective of a general practice within the software industry.  The units and shares vest ratably over a two to four year period, conditioned on continued employment through the vesting periods. We determine the fair value of all LTIPs based on the closing price of our common stock on the award date.  The following summarizes all unvested LTIPs activities during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022:

| LTIPs  Weighted-  Average  Remaining  Contractual  Term (Years)  Weighted-  Average  Fair Value  LTIPs unvested at December 31, 2021  -  $  -  Changes during the period  Granted  180,612  $  19.56  Forfeited or Canceled  (11,141)  $  19.50  LTIPs unvested at December 31, 2022  169,471  2.69  $  19.56   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Plan summary

In summary, of the 16,500,000 shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Restated Plan at December 31, 2022, there remain 2,017,233 shares available for future awards.

## Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

## Item 9A Controls and Procedures

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Under the  supervision  of  our  management,  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer,  we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under Rules 13a-15(e)  and  15d-15(e)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  as  amended,  as  of  December  31,  2022.  Based  on  this evaluation,  our  Principal  Executive  Officer  and  Principal  Financial  Officer  concluded  that  our  disclosure  controls  and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022.

## Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also,  projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become inadequate  because  of  changes  in  conditions,  or  that  the  degree  of  compliance  with  existing  policies  or  procedures  may deteriorate.

## Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial  reporting. Internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the  reliability  of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles ('GAAP'). Internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are transacted in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Our management, under the supervision of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established  in  Internal  Control  -  Integrated  Framework  (2013)  issued  by  the  Committee  of  Sponsoring  Organizations  of  the Treadway Commission ('COSO'). Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022.

Ernst  &amp;  Young  LLP,  the  Company's  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm,  has  audited  the  Company's internal  control  over  financial  reporting  as  of  December  31,  2022,  as  stated  in  their  report,  which  is  included  below  in  this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

No change  in  our  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  (as  defined  in  Rules  13a-15(f)  and  15d-15(f)  under  the Exchange Act) occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of RadNet, Inc.

## Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

We have audited RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria  established  in  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, RadNet, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria.

We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB),  the  consolidated  balance  sheets  of  the  Company  as  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021,  the  related  consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon.

## Basis for Opinion

The  Company's  management  is  responsible  for  maintaining  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  and  for  its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  effective  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  was  maintained  in  all material respects.

Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing  such  other  procedures  as  we  considered  necessary  in  the  circumstances.  We  believe  that  our  audit  provides  a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

A  company's  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  is  a  process  designed  to  provide  reasonable  assurance  regarding  the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that  (1)  pertain  to  the  maintenance  of  records  that,  in  reasonable  detail,  accurately  and  fairly  reflect  the  transactions  and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation  of  financial  statements  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  accounting  principles,  and  that  receipts  and expenditures  of  the  company  are  being  made  only  in  accordance  with  authorizations  of  management  and  directors  of  the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of  its  inherent  limitations,  internal  control  over  financial  reporting  may  not  prevent  or  detect  misstatements.  Also, projections  of  any  evaluation  of  effectiveness  to  future  periods  are  subject  to  the  risk  that  controls  may  become  inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

/s/ Ernst &amp; Young LLP

Los Angeles, California March 1, 2023

-

## Item 9B. Other Information.

None.

## Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

None.

## PART III

## Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

The  information  required  by  this  Item  10  will  be  included  under  the  captions  'Directors,'  'Executive  Officers,' 'Corporate  Governance,'  and  'Delinquent  Section  16(a)  Reports'  in  our  definitive  Proxy  Statement  for  the  2023  Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year (the 'Proxy Statement') and is incorporated herein by reference.

We have adopted a code of financial ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees which is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:

- honest and ethical conduct;
- full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that we file with the SEC and in our other public communications;
- compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading compliance; and
- accountability for adherence to the code and prompt internal reporting of violations of the code, including illegal or unethical behavior regarding accounting or auditing practices.

You  may  obtain  a  copy  of  our  Code  of  Financial  Ethics  on  our  website  at www.radnet.com under  Investor Relations  -  Corporate  Governance.  The  Audit  Committee  is  responsible  for  reviewing  the  Code  of  Financial  Ethics  and amending as necessary. Any amendments will be disclosed on our website.

## Item 11. Executive Compensation

The  information  required  by  this  Item  11  will  be  included  under  the  captions  'Compensation  of  Directors,' 'Compensation Committee Report,' 'Compensation Discussion and Analysis,' and "Executive Compensation Tables" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The  information  required  by  this  Item  12  will  be  included  under  the  captions  'Security  Ownership  of  Certain Beneficial Owners and Management' and 'Equity Compensation Plan Information' in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

The  information  required  by  this  Item  13  will  be  included  under  the  captions  'Compensation  of  Directors," "Compensation Committee Report," "Compensation Discussion and Analysis", and "Executive Compensation Tables" in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

## Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The information required by this Item 14 will be included under the caption 'Fees Paid to Auditors' in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference.

## PART IV

## Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statements Schedule

## (a) Documents filed as part of this annual report on Form 10-K

| ## (1) Financial Statements  Page No  .  The following financial statements are included in this report  Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm  (PCAOB ID:42)  51  Consolidated Balance Sheets  53  Consolidated Statements of Operations  54  Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income  55  Consolidated Statements of Equity  56  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  58  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  64 to 86   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (2) Financial Statement Schedules

Schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.

## (3) Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed herewith or incorporated by reference herein:

| Exhibit  No.  Description of Exhibit  3.1  Certificate of Incorporation of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to exhibit  filed with Form 8-K on September 4, 2008).  3.2  Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation, dated  September 2, 2008 (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on September 4, 2008).  3.3  Amended and Restated Bylaws of RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2020).  4.1  Description of Securities (incorporated by reference the Description of Common Stock contained in the  registration statement on Form S-3ASR filed on December 27, 2022).  10.1  Equity Incentive Plan, amended and restated as of April 15, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1  filed with Form S-8 on July 2, 2021).  10.2  Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 99.3 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021).  10.3  Form of Nonstatutory Stock Option Agreement for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 99.3 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021).  10.4  Form of Stock Award Agreement for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.4  filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021).  10.5  Form of Stock Units Agreement (deferred settlement) for the Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by  reference to Exhibit 99.5 filed with Form S-8 registration statement on July 2, 2021).  10.6  Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of May 5, 2016 (incorporated by reference to  exhibit filed with Form 8-K on May 9, 2016).  10.7  Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Company and each of its officers and directors  (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on June 14, 2021).  10.8  Employment Agreement dated as of June 12, 1992 with Howard G. Berger, M.D. (incorporated by reference  to exhibit filed with an amendment to Form 8-K report for June 12, 1992; refiled herewith).*  10.9  Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 30, 2004 with Howard G. Berger, M.D.  (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31, 2004).*  10.10  Second Amendment to Employment Agreement dated November 16, 2015 with Howard G. Berger, M.D.  (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 10-K on March 15, 2016).*  10.11  Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Mark D. Stolper  (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.1  filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022).*   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.12  Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Stephen M. Forthuber (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.2  filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022).*  10.13  Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Norman R. Hames  (incorporated by reference to  Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022).*  10.14  Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with Mital Patel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit  10.4 filed with the Form 8-K on September 2, 2022).*  10.15  Employment Agreement dated September 1, 2022 with David J. Katz (filed herewith).*  10.16  Amended and Restated Severance Agreement dated January 26, 2022 with Ruth Wilson.*  10.17  Amended and Restated Severance Agreement dated February 24, 2022 with Christine Gordon.*  10.18  Amended and Restated Management and Service Agreement between Radnet Management, Inc. and  Beverly Radiology Medical Group III dated January 1, 2004 (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with  Form 10-K for the year ended October 31, 2003).  10.19  Second Amended and Restated First Lien Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of April 23, 2021, by  and among RadNet Management, Inc., a California corporation, RadNet, Inc., a Delaware corporation,  certain subsidiaries and affiliates of RadNet Management, Inc., as Guarantors, the Lenders and other  financial institutions from time to time party thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent and  Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to exhibit filed with Form 8-K on April 26, 2021).  21.1  List of Subsidiaries.  23.1  Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm.  24.1  Power of Attorney (included on signature page attached hereto).  31.1  CEO Certification pursuant to Section 302.  31.2  CFO Certification pursuant to Section 302.  32.1  CEO Certification pursuant to Section 906. **  32.2  CFO Certification pursuant to Section 906. **  101.INS  XBRL Instance Document  101.SCH  XBRL Schema Document  101.CAL  XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document  101.LAB  XBRL Label Linkbase Document   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 101.PRE  XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document  101.DEF  XBRL Definition Linkbase Document  104  Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)  * Indicates management contract or compensatory plan.  ** Furnished herewith.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Item 16.  10-K Summary

None

Date: March 1, 2023

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

RADNET, INC.

/s/ HOWARD  G. BERGER, M.D .

Howard G. Berger, M.D., President, Chief Executive Officer and Director

## POWER OF ATTORNEY

KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby severally constitutes and appoints Howard G. Berger, M.D. and Mark D. Stolper, and each of them, his or her true and lawful attorney-infact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and  all  capacities  to  sign  any  and  all  amendments  to  this  report,  and  to  file  the  same,  with  all  exhibits  thereto,  and  other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite or necessary fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each said attorneys-in-fact and agents or any of them or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

Pursuant  to  the  requirements  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934,  this  report  has  been  signed  below  by  the following persons on behalf of registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

By /s/ HOWARD G. BERGER, M.D.

Howard G. Berger, M.D., Director, Chief Executive Officer and President

Date: March 1, 2023

By

/s/ GREGORY E. SPURLOCK

Gregory E. Spurlock, Director

Date: March 1, 2023

By /s/ RUTH VILLIGER-WILSON

Ruth Villiger-Wilson, Director

Date: March 1, 2023

By

/s/ DAVID L. SWARTZ

David L. Swartz, Director

Date: March 1, 2023

By

/s/ LAWRENCE L. LEVITT

## Lawrence L. Levitt, Director

Date: March 1, 2023

By

/s/ LAURA P. JACOBS

## Laura P. Jacobs, Director

Date: March 1, 2023

By

/s/ CHRISTINE GORDON

## Christine Gordon, Director

Date: March 1, 2022

By /s/ MARK D. STOLPER

## Mark D. Stolper, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting Officer)

Date: March 1, 2023