Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

| ## Title of class Trading symbol  Name of exchange on which registered  Common Stock  RCRT  NASDAQ Capital Market NASDAQ Capital Market  Common Stock Purchase Warrants  RCRTW   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

☐ No ☒

☒

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes ☒ No ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of a 'large accelerated filer,' 'accelerated filer' and 'smaller reporting company,' and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.   (Check One)

| Large accelerated filer ☐  Accelerated filer  ☐  Non-accelerated filer ☒  Smaller reporting company  ☒  Emerging growth company ☒   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☒

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ☐ No ☒

As of June 30, 2021, the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second quarter, the aggregate market value of the shares of Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately $14,317,128 based on $4.50, the closing price of the registrant's Common Stock on that date.

As of March 24, 2022, the Company had 14,784,821 shares of its Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

None.

## UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549

## FORM 10-K

(Mark One)

- ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021

or

☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Commission File Number 000-53641

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC.

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

| Nevada  90-1505893  (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)  (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)  500 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York  10018  (Address of Principal Executive Offices)  (Zip Code)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (855) 931-1500

(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

## Table of Contents

## SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report on Form 10-K ('Annual Report') contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Annual Report, other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, potential growth or growth prospects, future research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses, and our  objectives  for  future  operations,  are  forward-looking  statements.  Words  such  as  'believes,'  'may,'  'will,'  'estimates,'  'potential,'  'continues,'  'anticipates,' 'intends,'  'expects,'  'could,'  'would,'  'projects,'  'plans,'  'targets,'  and  variations  of  such  words  and  similar  expressions  are  intended  to  identify  forward-looking statements.  These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including without limitation, the following:

- our ability to continue as a going concern;
- raise additional capital, if needed, to support our operations;
- the effect of COVID-19 on our business and the national and global economies;
- the rate and degree of market acceptance of our products and services;

## TABLE OF CONTENTS

| Page No.  PART I  Item 1.  Description of the Business  5  Item 1A.  Risk Factors  21  Item 1B.  Unresolved Staff Comments  29  Item 2.  Properties  30  Item 3.  Legal Proceedings  30  Item 4.  Mine Safety Disclosures  30  PART II  Item 5.  Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities  31  Item 6  Reserved  32  Item 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  32  Item 7A.  Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk  46  Item 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data  46  Item 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure  46  Item 9A.  Controls and Procedures  46  Item 9B.  Other Information  47  Item 9C.  Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection  47  PART III  Item 10.  Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance  48  Item 11.  Executive Compensation  52  Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners, Management and Related Stockholder Matters  59  Item 13.  Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director Independence  62  Item 14.  Principal Accounting Fees and Services  64  PART IV  Item 15.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules  65  Exhibit Index  65  Item 16  Form 10-K Summary  65  Signatures  66   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2

- our ability to expand our sales organization to address effectively existing and new markets that we intend to target;
- impact from future regulatory, judicial, and legislative changes or developments in the U.S. and foreign countries;
- our ability to compete effectively in a competitive industry;
- our ability to achieve positive cash flow from operations;
- our ability to continue to meet the Nasdaq Capital Market requirements;
- our ability to meet our other financial operating objectives;
- the availability of qualified employees for our business operations;
- general business and economic conditions;
- our ability to meet our financial obligations as they become due;

## Table of Contents

- positive cash flows and financial viability of our operations and new business opportunities;
- ability  to  secure  intellectual  property  rights  over  our  proprietary  products  or  enter  into  license  agreements  to  secure  the  legal  use  of  certain  patents  an intellectual property;
- raise additional capital, if needed, to support our operations;
- our ability to be successful in new markets;
- our ability to avoid infringement of intellectual property rights;
- the positive cash flows and financial viability of our operations and new business opportunities
- continued demand for services of recruiters;
- unanticipated costs, liabilities, charges or expenses resulting from violations of covenants under our existing or future financing agreements;
- our ability to operate our virtual AI-and video-enabled hiring platform (the 'Platform') free of security breaches; and
- our ability to identify suitable complimentary businesses and assets as potential acquisition targets or strategic partners, and to successfully integrate such businesses and /or assets with our business.

We have based these  forward-looking  statements  largely  on  our  current  expectations  and  projections  about  future  events  and  trends  that  we  believe  may  affect  our financial  condition,  results  of  operations,  business  strategy,  short-term  and  long-term  business  operations  and  objectives,  and  financial  needs.  These  forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in ' Item 1A, Risk Factors ' in this Annual Report. Readers are urged to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made in this Annual Report and in other documents we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'SEC') that disclose risks and uncertainties that may affect our business. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and circumstances discussed in this Annual Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements.

You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be  achieved  or  occur.  Although  we  believe  that  the  expectations  reflected  in  the  forward-looking  statements  are  reasonable,  we  cannot  guarantee  future  results, performance, or achievements. In addition, the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are made as of the date of this filing, and we do not undertake, and expressly  disclaim  any  duty,  to  update  such  statements  for  any  reason  after  the  date  of  this  Annual  Report  or  to  conform  statements  to  actual  results  or  revised expectations, except as required by law.

You should read this Annual Report and the documents that we reference herein and have filed with the SEC as exhibits to this Annual Report with the understanding that our actual future results, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we expect.

4

## PART I

Table of Contents

## ITEM 1. BUSINESS

## Overview

Recruiter.com Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation (along with its subsidiaries, 'we', 'the Company', 'us', and 'our'), is a holding company based in New York, New York, that, through its subsidiaries, operates an on-demand recruiting platform digitally transforming the $136 billion dollar recruiting and staffing industry.  We offer recruiting software and services through an online, AI-powered sourcing platform and network of on-demand recruiters. Businesses from startups to the Fortune 100 use Recruiter.com to help address their critical talent needs and solve recruiting and hiring challenges.

We  have  seven  operating  subsidiaries,  Recruiter.com,  Inc.,  Recruiter.com  Recruiting  Solutions  LLC  ('Recruiting  Solutions'),  Recruiter.com  Consulting,  LLC, VocaWorks, Inc. ('VocaWorks'), Recruiter.com Scouted Inc. ('Scouted'), Recruiter.com Upsider Inc. ('Upsider') and Recruiter.com OneWire Inc. ('OneWire'). As of March 28, 2022, the Company employed 73 full time corporate employees and 69 outside staffing professionals in 19 states.

3

We leverage proprietary AI-based candidate sourcing software and recruitment marketing technology to serve our clients' talent needs.  For employers needing talent acquisition services, we place independent recruiters from our network with our clients on a project basis.  To round out our offerings, we provide other talent acquisition support services, including consulting, staffing, full-time placement services, and talent effectiveness coaching.

Our mission is to help recruit the right talent faster and become the preferred solution for hiring specialized talent.

## Corporate History

We were incorporated in February 2015 as a Delaware corporation. Effective March 31, 2019 (the 'Effective Date'), we completed a merger with Recruiter.com, Inc. ('Pre-Merger Recruiter.com'), an affiliate of the Company, pursuant to a Merger Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 31, 2019 (the 'Merger'). At the effective time  of  the  Merger,  our  newly  formed  wholly-owned  subsidiary  merged  with  and  into  Pre-Merger  Recruiter.com,  with  Pre-Merger  Recruiter.com  continuing  as  the surviving corporation and as our wholly-owned subsidiary.

Following the Merger, on May 9, 2019, we changed our corporate name to Recruiter.com Group, Inc. Our fiscal year end was also changed, as of the Effective Date, from March 31 to December 31.

Immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, Pre-Merger Recruiter.com owned approximately 98% of our outstanding shares of common stock ('Common Stock'). The Merger did not result in a change of control of our Company, as the principal stockholders of Pre-Merger Recruiter.com had controlled the Company since October 2017  and  the  Merger  simply  increased  their  control.  In  addition,  our  President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer  served  as  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Pre-Merger Recruiter.com and the majority of our directors at the time were directors (or designees) prior to the Merger. Further, our Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer was retained as a consultant prior to the Merger with the understanding that if the Merger occurred, he would be appointed as our Executive Chairman.

## Reincorporation and Reverse Stock Split

On May 13, 2020, we effected a reincorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada. Following the approval by our stockholders at a special meeting held on May 8, 2020, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the 'Merger Agreement') with Recruiter.com Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation and our wholly owned subsidiary ('Recruiter.com Nevada'), pursuant to which we merged with and into Recruiter.com Nevada, with Recruiter.com Nevada continuing as the surviving entity. Simultaneously with the reincorporation, the number of shares of common stock that we, as a Nevada corporation, are authorized to issue was increased from 31,250,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares. On June 18, 2021, we filed an Amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to effectuate a reverse split of our issued and outstanding common stock at an exchange ratio of 1-for-2.5. The reverse stock split was effective as of June 18, 2021. Simultaneously with the reverse stock split, we reduced our authorized shares from 250,000,000 to 100,000,000. All share and per share data in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and footnotes and throughout this annual report has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split.

5

## Table of Contents

The reincorporation did not result in any change in our corporate name, business, management, fiscal year, accounting, location of the principal executive office, or assets or liabilities.

## Scouted Asset Purchase

Effective  January  31,  2021,  we,  through  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  acquired  all  of  the  assets  of  RLJ  Talent  Consulting,  Inc.,  dba  Scouted,  a  Delaware  corporation ('Scouted') (the 'Scouted Asset Purchase'). As consideration in the Scouted Asset Purchase, Scouted shareholders received a total of 224,163 shares of our restricted Common Stock (valued at $1,625,183 based on a $7.25 per share acquisition date price), of which 33,151 shares of stock were held in reserve and recorded as contingent consideration,  a  current  liability  in  the  accompanying  financial  statements,  and  an  additional  amount  of  $180,000  in  cash  consideration  for  a  total  purchase  price  of approximately  $1.8  million.    The  33,151  shares  held  in  reserve  were  issued  on  December  13,  2021.  The  Scouted  Asset  Purchase  was  accounted  for  as  a  business acquisition. The assets acquired in the Scouted Asset Purchase consist primarily of sales and client relationships, contracts, intellectual property, partnership and vendor agreements and certain other assets (the 'Scouted Assets'). We utilized the Scouted Assets to expand our video hiring solutions and curated talent solutions, through our Recruiting Solutions subsidiary.

## Upsider Asset Purchase

Effective March 25, 2021, we, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Upsider, Inc., ('Upsider'), to acquire all the assets and certain liabilities of Upsider (the 'Upsider Purchase'). As consideration for the Upsider Purchase, Upsider's shareholders received net cash of $69,983 and a total of 323,094 shares of our Common Stock (the 'Upsider Shares') (valued at $2,544,362, based on a $7.88 per share acquisition date price), of which 51,940  of  the  Upsider  Shares  were  held  in  reserve  and  were  recorded  as  a  current  liability,  contingent  consideration  in  the  accompanying  financial  statements.  The shareholders  of  Upsider  were  paid  earn-out  consideration  in  the  form  of  the  issuance  of  321,390  shares  of  our  Common  Stock  on  September  1,  2021  based  on  the attainment of specific targets during the nine months following closing. The total purchase price was approximately $3.9 million. The assets acquired in the Upsider Purchase consist primarily of sales and client relationships, contracts, intellectual property, partnership and vendor agreements and a de minimis amount of other assets. We also assumed a small amount of liabilities in the form of net payables. We utilize Upsider's machine learning artificial intelligence to provide a more predictive and efficient recruiting tool that enhances our current technology.

## OneWire Asset Purchase

Effective May 10, 2021, we, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with OneWire Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company ('OneWire'), to acquire all the assets and several liabilities of OneWire (the 'OneWire Purchase'). As consideration for the OneWire Purchase, OneWire's shareholders received a total of 155,327 shares (the 'Consideration Shares') of Common Stock, (valued at $1,255,000, based on a price per share of $8.0797, the volume-weighted average price of the Common Stock for the 30 day period immediately prior to the closing date), of which 31,066 of the Consideration Shares are subject to forfeiture as security against a post- closing working capital adjustment and a revenue true-up and pursuant to OneWire's indemnity obligations. At the date of closing, the common stock was valued at $1,436,777 and there was a to be determined working capital adjustment to be paid in additional common shares recorded as a liability at a fair value of $45,751 for a total purchase price of $1,482,528. The assets acquired in the OneWire Purchase consist primarily of sales and client relationships, contracts, intellectual property, partnership and vendor agreements and certain other assets. OneWire's expansive candidate database in financial services and candidate matching services amplifies our reach to give employers and recruiters access to an even broader pool of specialized talent.

## Parrut Asset Purchase

Effective  July  7,  2021,  we  entered  into  and  closed  on  an  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  with  Parrut,  Inc.  ('Parrut'),  and  certain  individuals  named  therein.  Parrut  does business as Uncubed and we acquired the assets of the Technology Solutions Division of Uncubed. The purchased assets include assets related to Finalist, an online marketplace for sourcing and screening early-professional software and data candidates and assets related to Uncubed's job board technology and candidate engagement platform which includes Mediabistro, a job board and professional community for media, content, and creative professionals (the 'Parrut Purchase').

As consideration for the Parrut Purchase, we paid $500,000 in cash at closing, a $1,750,000 promissory note with an interest rate of 6% and a maturity date of July 1, 2023, and granted to Parrut 257,545 shares of our Common Stock, valued at $1,264,551. In addition, the terms of the Parrut Purchase include 'earn-out' provisions under which we could become obligated to pay Parrut up to an additional $1,350,000 in the form of our Common Stock (the 'Parrut Earn-Out Consideration'). As of December 31, 2021, our preliminary estimate of the fair value of the Parrut Earn-Out Consideration was $1,125,000. The Parrut Earn-Out Consideration is equal to 1.35 times our revenue derived or generated from the assets purchased in the Parrut Purchase achieved during the twelve-month period immediately following the closing date.

## Novo Asset Purchase

Effective August 27, 2021, we entered into and closed an Asset Purchase Agreement with the Novo Group, Inc. (the 'Novo Group'), and certain individuals named therein. The Novo Group operates a recruitment services company for employers, providing talent, acquisition and other hiring solutions.

We purchased substantially all of the assets of Novo Group (the 'Novo Purchased Assets'). The Novo Purchased Assets include, among other assumed assets, certain contracts with Novo Group's clients, permits owned, held and used by the Novo Group, intellectual property as well as tangible assets, and all of Novo Group's accounts receivable (the 'Novo Purchase'). Furthermore, we agreed to assume certain liabilities associated with the Novo Group business.

The amount due at closing was approximately $7,117,425 (the 'Base Purchase Price'), consisting of the following consideration: (i) $1,337,500 in cash, (ii) a $3,000,000 promissory note with an interest rate of 6%, that matures on February 1, 2024, (iii) working capital adjustments in the amount of approximately $217,045, which was paid as of September 30, 2021, and (iv) 508,711 restricted shares of our Common Stock, valued at $2,019,583 (based on the acquisition date share price), of which 127,178 of our restricted shares of Common Stock were placed in escrow to account for post-closing adjustments in respect to Novo Group's revenue from the closing date to the end of the 2021 calendar year, as well as to partially secure the indemnification obligations of Novo Group's former owners.

In addition to the Base Purchase Price, there is an earn-out that is tied to revenue of Novo Group from sales of its products and services over eight calendar quarters (the 'Earn-Out Period'), with such Earn-Out Periods beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2023. The Earn-Out Amount payable, if any, would equal to 5% of Novo Group's revenue ('Earn-Out Amount') for each applicable Earn-Out Period. Our preliminary estimate of the fair value of this contingent consideration was $543,297 which has been revalued to $578,591 as of December 31, 2021.

## Table of Contents

## Market Opportunity

## Industry Overview

Employers invest significant  amounts  of  capital  in  finding  qualified  employees,  what  we  call  the  practice  of  'talent  acquisition.'  Market  opportunities  within  talent acquisition are expansive and diverse. According to Statisa, the recruiting and staffing industry is worth over $136 billion dollars as of 2021, while IBISWorld pegs staffing and temp agencies to total over $200 billion dollars. The digital sector of the recruiting industry, in which we include our Platform, Recruiter.com, is growing rapidly within this large industry. IBISWorld anticipates that the $14 billion dollar online recruitment sites sector will grow at a 12% rate in 2022.

This total industry market size includes companies that help other organizations find staff on a temporary or permanent basis, with the temporary staffing segment being significantly larger. The need for qualified and, in many cases, highly specialized talent, can be fulfilled by assisting companies in recruiting new internal staff or directly providing temporary staff to fill specific functions.

Overall, the U.S. recruitment industry is enormous, and it continues to grow, driven mainly by robust GDP growth creating demand for direct-hire (finding full-time employees) and contingent (placing project-based) workers. Demographic trends are also accelerating the demand for recruitment services: According to Seniorliving.org, from now until 2030, 10,000 Baby Boomers each day will hit retirement age. Employers often turn to the recruiting industry to close these talent gaps.

With  employers  continuing  to  struggle  to  find  relevant  candidates  and  more  than  10.9  million  open  jobs  in  the  US  as  of  December  2021,  recruiting  represents  an enormous market opportunity. According to the leading human resource association, the Society for Human Resource Management, external sources-whether online job boards, recruiting agencies, campus events, job fairs, or walk-ins-produce approximately 65% of interviews compared to internal sources such as career sites, in-house recruiters  and  employee  referrals,  which  is  35%.  This  65%  of  role  interviews  generated  by  external  sources  provide  a  significant  market  opportunity  for  innovative recruiting technology companies to capture.

## Industry Trends

## 'The Great Resignation'

In 2021, US employers experienced higher than normal rates of resignations. This trend has been described by many publications and named as 'The Great Resignation.' Since April 2021, the share of nonfarm workers who quit their jobs has been at some of the highest levels recorded by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Abnormally high 'quit rates' or what are called 'churn rates' within the industry, may propel employers to invest historically high levels of capital toward recruitment and retention efforts to attract and maintain a qualified and productive workforce.

## Growing Demand for Recruiters

Employers in 2021 showed a clear demand for recruitment and talent acquisition professionals. According to LinkedIn, there are over 300,000 open jobs for recruiters in the US (more than for software engineers). The Wall Street Journal called recruiters 'The Hardest Job to Recruit for', while Bloomberg, citing Revelio Labs data, stated that recruiters had the largest bump in real wages among various professions. Our management team believes that the general trend of increased demand for recruitment and  talent  acquisition  professionals  stems  from  a  greater  investment  by  corporations  in  their  talent  attraction  and  retention  efforts.  While  we  cannot  guarantee  the continuation of this trend, management expects historically high quit rates and increased demand for professional, specialized talent to continue to fuel general long-term need for recruitment professionals.

## COVID-19

The recent COVID-19 pandemic dramatically affected the US economy and the job market. Unemployment peaked at 14.7% in April of 2020. Since then, labor markets have continually improved, with the unemployment rate falling to 3.9% in December of 2021.

Our management team believes that COVID-19 accelerated significant technology trends that had already existed before the pandemic. For example, the gig economy's growth (i.e.,  temporary,  flexible  jobs)  was  facilitated  by  technology,  virtual  and  remote  telework  with  video,  and  the  emergence  of  on-demand  labor  through  online marketplaces all happened before the crisis. The necessity of lockdowns and business closures drove increased technology adoption and moved these trends rapidly forward. As we operate as a virtual, AI, and video-based hiring platform operating in the gig economy, these trends may act as tailwinds for the adoption of our products and services.

We expect but cannot guarantee that demand for its recruiting solutions will continue to improve  in 2022, as certain clients re-open or accelerate their hiring initiatives, and new clients utilize our services. Overall, management is focused on effectively positioning the Company for a rebound in hiring which we believe will continue to happen  in  2022.  Ultimately,  the  recovery  may  be  delayed  and  the  economic  conditions  may  worsen,  depending  upon  changes  in  the  impact  from  the  COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to closely monitor the confidence of our recruiter users and customers, and their respective job requirement load through offline discussions and our Recruiter Index survey.

We also may depend on raising additional debt or equity capital to stay operational. The economic impact of COVID-19, should the COVID-19 pandemic worsen, may make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital when needed. The terms of any financing, if we are able to complete one, will likely not be favorable to us.

## Table of Contents

## Operating Businesses and Revenue

We generate revenue from the following activities:

- Software Subscriptions :  We offer a subscription to our web-based platforms that help employers recruit talent. Our platforms allow our customers to source, contact, screen and sort candidates using data science, advanced email campaigning tools, and predictive analytics. As part of our software subscriptions, we offer enhanced support packages and on-demand recruiting support services for an additional fee. Additional fees may be charged when we place a candidate with our customer,  depending  on  the  subscription  type.  In  such  cases,  if  the  candidate  ceases  to  be  employed  by  the  customer  during  the  initial  90  days  (the  90-day guarantee), we refund the customer in full for all fees paid by the customer.
- Recruiters on Demand: Consists of a consulting and staffing service specifically for the placement of professional recruiters, which we market as Recruiters on Demand. Recruiters on Demand is a flexible, time-based solution that provides businesses of all sizes access to recruiters on an outsourced, virtual basis for help with their hiring needs. As with other consulting and staffing solutions, we procure for our employer clients qualified professional recruiters, and then place them on assignment with our employer clients. We derive revenue from Recruiters on Demand by billing the employer clients for the placed recruiters' ongoing work at an  agreed-upon,  time-based  rate.  We  directly  source  recruiter  candidates  from  our  network  of  recruiters.  In  addition,  we  also  offer  talent  planning,  talent assessment, strategic guidance, and organizational development services, which we market as our 'Talent Effectiveness' practice. Companies prepay for a certain number of consulting hours at an agreed-upon, time-based rate. We source and provide the independent consultants that provide the service.
- Full-time Placement: Consists of providing referrals of qualified candidates to employers to hire staff for full-time positions. We generate full-time placement revenue by earning one-time fees for each time that employers hire one of the candidates that we refer. Employers alert us of their hiring needs through our Platform, or other communications. We source qualified candidate referrals for the employers' available jobs through independent recruiter users that access the Platform and other tools. We support and supplement the independent recruiters' efforts with dedicated internal employees we call our internal talent delivery team. Our talent delivery team selects and delivers candidate profiles and resumes to our employer clients for their review and ultimate selection. Upon the employer hiring  one  or  more  of  our  candidate  referrals,  we  earn  a  'full-time  placement  fee',  an  amount  separately  negotiated  with  each  employer  client.  The  full-time placement fee is typically either a percentage of the referred candidates' first year base salary or an agreed-upon flat fee.
- Marketplace: Our  'Marketplace'  category  comprises  services  for  businesses  and  individuals  that  leverage  our  online  presence.  For  businesses,  this  includes sponsorship of digital newsletters, online content promotion, social media distribution, banner advertising, and other branded electronic communications, such as in our quarterly digital publication on recruiting trends and issues. We earn revenue as we complete agreed upon marketing related deliverables and milestones using pricing and terms set by mutual agreement with the customer. In some cases, we earn a percent of revenue a business receives from attracting new clients by advertising on our online platform. Businesses can also pay us to post job openings on our proprietary job boards to promote open job positions they are trying to fill. In addition to its work with direct clients, we categorize all online advertising and affiliate marketing revenue as Marketplace.

For  individuals,  Marketplace  includes  services  to  assist  with  career  development  and  advancement,  including  a  resume  distribution  service  which  involves promoting these job seekers' profiles and resumes to assist with their procuring employment, and upskilling and training. Our resume distribution service allows a job seeker to upload his/her resume to our database, which we then distribute to our network of recruiters on the Platform. We earn revenue from a one-time flat fee for this service. We also offer a recruiter certification program which encompasses our recruitment related training content, which we make accessible through our online learning management system. Customers of the recruiter certification program use a self-managed system to navigate through a digital course of study. Upon completion of the program, we issue a certificate of completion and make available a digital badge to certify their achievement for display on their online recruiter profile on the Platform. Additionally, we partner with Careerdash, a high-quality training company, to provide Recruiter.com Academy, an immersive training experience for career changers.

9

## Table of Contents

- Consulting and Staffing: Consists of providing consulting and staffing personnel services to employers to satisfy their demand for long- and short-term consulting and temporary employee needs. We generate revenue by first referring qualified personnel for the employer's specific talent needs, then placing such personnel with the employer, but with our providers acting as the employer of record for us, and finally, billing the employer for the time and work of our placed personnel on an ongoing basis. Our process for finding candidates for consulting and staffing engagements largely mirrors our process for full-time placement hiring. This process includes employers informing us of open consulting and temporary staffing opportunities and projects, sourcing qualified candidates through the Platform and other similar means, and, finally, the employer selecting our candidates for placement after a process of review and selection. We bill these employer clients for our placed candidates' ongoing work at an agreed-upon, time-based rate, typically on a weekly schedule of invoicing.

We have a sales team and sales partnerships with direct employers as well as Vendor Management System companies and Managed Service companies that help create sales channels for clients that buy staffing, direct hire, and sourcing services. Once we have secured the relationship and contract with the interested Enterprise customer, the delivery and product teams will provide the service to fulfill any or all of the revenue segments.

The costs of our revenue primarily consist of employee costs, third-party staffing costs and other fees, outsourced recruiter fees and commissions based on a percentage of our gross margin.

## Disrupting an Industry Recruit Talent Faster

We believe  we  are  fundamentally  modernizing  the  recruiting  process  by  digitizing  and  democratizing  the  recruiting  process.  We  are  distributing  both  the  work  and opportunity of recruiting to a broader community than ever before, enabling people to earn money through our platform and be their own bosses. Furthermore, we are dispersing the economic benefits of successful recruitment to a broad group of people. By doing so, we help businesses recruit talent faster and more efficiently than ever before.

## Community and Network

We  operate  various  publishing,  social  media,  groups,  and  career  communities  that  allow  for  user  registration.  We  specialize  in  providing  content,  community,  and resources for recruitment and talent acquisition professionals. We refer to the recruiting and talent acquisition professionals that connect with our various assets as our 'Recruiter Network' or our 'network of recruiters.' This network of recruiters allows us to maintain a close connection to the industry as a whole and be responsive to our clients' demand for project-based and full-time recruiters. In addition, our network of recruiters serves as a general sales channel, to which we can market recruitment solutions, such as our recruiting software subscriptions.

We believe the potential scale of our Recruiter Network is enormous. With hundreds of thousands of people involved in the general human resource and employment industry in the United States alone, and many more interested in referral-based, work-from-home earning opportunities, we believe our addressable network and potential audience is significant.

## The Recruiter.com Website - a Top Destination

Our website is a popular destination for the recruiting and talent acquisition profession, with millions of pages of indexed content on career and recruitment issues and trends, email newsletters, and digital publications issued every quarter. Our internet traffic is generated by three primary groups of people: (1) recruiters seeking to join the network and platform, (2) enterprises seeking to recruit talent, and (3) candidates seeking to find opportunities through the community of recruiters. Overall, we are a well-known brand in the recruiting industry, and our vision is to build upon this success to become a clear leader in terms of traffic, mindshare, and usage within the recruiting business.

## Table of Contents

A comprehensive search engine optimization strategy fuels our marketing. SpyFu.com, a traffic analysis website, estimated that, as of February 2022, our website has obtained over 20,884 search terms on the first page of Google.com. We are also active on social media. Most notably, as of February 2022, we operated five of the top ten largest professional groups globally on the social media platform LinkedIn, out of over 2.2 million groups in total. These groups include the Recruiter.com Network, and groups for the professions of CFOs, CMOs, CIOs, and Project Managers.

In addition to our online thought leadership and social media presence, we also attract recruiters and enterprises to our community and solution through our recruitment training offerings. Through our fully online Recruiter.com Certification Program ('RCP') and Recruiter.com Academy, a live, instructor-led program with our partner CareerDash, we facilitate upskilling for experienced recruiters and easy entry into the profession for those new to the tasks of recruiting and candidate sourcing. The Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) has certified the RCP for re-education credits.

## Our Recruiting Software

We offer employers a subscription service that provides campaigns to prospective employees and sends these candidates to the employers. The subscription is made possible by our AI based software, which matches job descriptions against a large database of candidate profiles. We refer to this software solution as our 'AI Software', 'Talent Sourcing Software', 'the Platform' or simply, 'Recruiter.com Software.' Our AI Software originated from our acquisition of Upsider, Inc. in 2021, and has since been further developed.

## Benefits for Employers

Employers benefit from this subscription by receiving access to candidates that do not necessarily frequent traditional job posting sites. This diverse source of candidate data, combined with our advanced recruitment marketing capabilities, creates for a highly unique talent pool.

## Our Career Communities

We own and develop a proprietary tool for job posting and career community sites, which originated from the purchase of certain assets from Parrut, Inc. known as Uncubed Technology and has since been further developed. We use this technology to operate certain career communities, including sites for recruitment and media professionals. We refer to the technology as our 'Recruitment Marketing' technology and to the sites that leverage such technology as our 'Career Communities.'

## Career Community for Recruiting Professionals

We own and operate Recruiter Jobs, a specialized career community for recruiting and talent acquisition professionals. The community focuses on providing access to both contract and full-time job opportunities for recruiters. Users may search and find suitable job opportunities, create job alerts for notifications, and easily apply to open roles. The career community is currently located at https://jobs.recruiter.com.

## MediaBistro - a Career Community for Media Professionals

We own and operate MediaBistro, a specialized career community for media and creative professionals. The community focuses on providing access to job opportunities at  companies in the media space. Users may search and find suitable job opportunities, create job alerts for notifications, and easily apply to open roles. The career community is currently located at https://www.mediabistro.com.

## Benefits for Career Community Users

We empower professionals to find suitable career opportunities, surfacing relevant jobs and connecting them with economic opportunity.

## Table of Contents

## Benefits to Employer Clients

Enterprises can leverage our niche communities of professionals to tap into highly unique talent pools.

## Our Strengths

- Reliable Brand: As the name 'Recruiter.com' defines an entire profession and captures the essence of the business and software platform, we benefit from strong brand recognition.
- People: Several of our key executives and personnel have extensive experience and successful track records with internet-enabled recruitment and staffing.
- Platform Technology: We offer a proprietary, fully operational software platform complete with sophisticated machine-learning technology.
- Power of Our Reach: We benefit from excellent placement and visibility within popular search engines and broad distribution and followings on social media networks.

## Our Growth Strategy

We seek to unlock the full potential of our brand by executing our strategic plans, which include organic growth, opportunistic acquisitions, and making use of capital provided by the public market. In short, we look to realize the potential of our market position.

## Overall Market Position Potential

Companies in the recruiting technology space, such as LinkedIn and Indeed.com, have achieved 'unicorn' status as billion-dollar companies. Management believes that our full potential could lead to our achieving a much larger market position and presence, as Recruiter.com is a defining brand for the profession of recruiting and talent acquisition. Recruiting as a business generates over $200 billion in revenue, therefore management believes there to be a very large addressable market and opportunities for growth.

Our  combination  of  innovative  candidate-matching  technology,  a  broad  network  of  specialized  recruiting  professionals,  and  curated  talent  communities  enable  a traditionally service-heavy industry to be scalable in an entirely new way. We believe our brand and technology put us in a unique position in the market.

## Strategy

Recruiter.com intends to grow its business by focusing efforts on the following five main areas:

## 1) Grow Our Community:

- Grow Recruiter Engagement: Dedicated Community Managers regularly support and service our growing network of recruiter users on the Platform. We plan to continue to invest in community management initiatives, including enhancement of outreach and communications.
- Grow the Number of Recruiters on the Platform: We plan to continue to grow our recruiter network through viral search, referral, content, and community strategy. Investments in content, community sponsorship, and thought leadership will continue to drive people back to the platform, creating a real "hub" for recruiters.
- Increase Growth and Earning Opportunities for Recruiters on the Platform: We plan to continue investing in new products and features to help recruiters grow their businesses by expanding their access to technology, developing their professional and marketing skills, and increasing their earning opportunities. This includes expanding on our lead generation capabilities.

## Table of Contents

## 2) Build Business Model Innovations:

- Continue to Innovate and Improve the Platform to Build Best-in-Class User Experiences: We aim to create the most innovative and easy-to-use solutions for empowering businesses and recruiters to recruit talent faster.
- Invest in Scalable Business Models: We plan to continue to invest in the development of our SaaS model and subscription services while improving the recruiter experience by enhancing our software capabilities, data science, security, and technology infrastructure. Further low- and light-touch subscription models and plans promise to facilitate the seamless transactions of candidates and job flows on the Platform and, in doing so, increase our gross margins and the efficiency of our business.
- Leverage Our Platform to Launch New Products: We believe we can continue to innovate to solve complex challenges involving recruitment and hiring, and we plan to use our highly extensible platform to support the introduction of additional products and services. Our massive network, leading technology, and recruiting expertise allow us to introduce new features and incorporate feedback into such features with speed, efficiency, and scale.
- Invest  in  Advanced  Technologies,  Including  Artificial  Intelligence:  We  believe  that  recruiting  is  about  people,  and  people  will  always  drive  the  hiring process, so long as our current system of employment and human labor exists. Existing technologies cannot supplant human review and involvement in most hiring transactions, including all four stages of recruiting specified previously. However, we also believe that artificial intelligence promises to solve specific issues  of  scale  within  the  hiring  process,  for  example,  by  rapidly  sifting  through  a  bulk  of  job  applications  to  surface  to  the  recruiter  the  best-matched applicants.  We  have  already  integrated  AI  improvements  into  our  candidate  campaigning  and  sourcing  processes,  and  we  are  currently  evaluating  new businesses, methods, and partnerships to transform further and improve our technology.

## 3) Monetize the Businesses and Candidates Seeking to Access the Community and Platform:

We intend to not only develop new clients for all of our services but also expand relationships with our existing clients and increase their spending on the Platform by investing in building new products and features.

- Attract New Clients Through Strategic Partnerships with MSP and HR Providers: We intend to expand our marketing efforts with partners to attract new clients by increasing awareness of the Platform and the benefits of using flexible and on-demand recruiting.
- Broaden and Deepen Categories: We intend to focus on customizing experiences for vertical industry groups, such as Information Technology or Accounting and Finance, through tailored features and functionalities, making it easier and more efficient for clients to connect with the right recruiters.
- Build  Effective  Candidate  Solutions:  We  plan  to  continue  to  expand  our  candidate  offerings  from  basic  resume  distribution  to  video  resumes,  training

programs, career coaching, resume writing, job alerts, and other SaaS services to monetize our traffic and help people effectively connect with opportunities.

- Build Out Video: We plan to leverage a video offering as a SaaS solution for our enterprise clients, partners, and recruiters, as video interviewing and screening may become a must-have requirement for business recruiting, particularly in the post-COVID-19 environment.

## Table of Contents

## 4) Acquire Complementary Assets and Businesses:

We seek opportunities to acquire complementary businesses and personnel within the recruitment and staffing sector, primarily to expand the overall number of employers using the Platform to source talented employees and contractors.

- Increase Employer Demand: We plan to approach recruitment companies with firm client control and knowledge, such as recruitment process outsourcing (RPO) companies in major cities within the continental United States and with stable, diversified client revenues. These types of acquisitions may help increase the number and diversity of jobs in the marketplace platform and allow for the upselling of our new and planned products for employers.
- Further  Our  Technology  Offering:  We  plan  to  evaluate  specific  valuable  online  tools  for  recruiters  that  would  enhance  our  overall  platforms,  such  as candidate sourcing technologies, data appending services, job distribution and marketing software, lead generation tools, and others that would improve our value to our community of recruiters, to improve engagement and daily use metrics.
- Enhance Strategic Technology: We continually monitor and evaluate third-party companies for technology that would be of strategic value. Management is particularly mindful of the emergence of artificial intelligence being applied to hiring and recruitment processes. We are interested in acquiring or licensing such technologies that offer fundamental advancements to the Platform and, therefore, long-term shareholder value.

## 5) Approach the Future with Clarity and Vision:

- Trust Our Vision: We have a big name but an even bigger purpose: to "recruit" means to inspire someone to join a cause. Our mission at Recruiter.com is more than just primarily connecting job seekers and employers. We also want to inspire people to better themselves, to grab opportunities, and to believe in themselves. Simply put, Recruiter.com exists to open doors for people. We are inspired by our mission and purpose, and we trust in our overall vision to continue to inspire the dedication necessary to build a fantastic brand and valuable company.
- Maintain Our Values: Our staff developed our core values, which we seek to identify in people that we hire and promote and inspire within ourselves. These core values include being passionate, dependable, adaptable, helpful, resilient, and honest and open communicators. As we grow, we will maintain and build on these core values, and we will use them to inform our business decisions and the ways in which we interact with each other and the community.
- Lead in People-First Technology: We are committed to building continuous innovation in technology and being early builders and adopters of technical improvements,  such  as  the  use  of  AI  and  machine  learning.  We  will  strive  to  be  bold  leaders  in  human-centric  technology  by  always  positioning  that technology for the benefit and economic empowerment of people. We believe that the future holds great promise for further connectivity, collaboration, and community. We aim to be opportunistic in the development and acquisition of such technologies for our users.

## Technical Vision Strategy - Towards Autonomous Recruiting

The job market and broader economy itself are evolving to adapt to automation, technology adoption, disruption, and, more recently, machine learning. McKinsey's Future of Work in America report, states: 'What lies ahead is not a sudden robot takeover but a period of ongoing, and perhaps accelerated, change in how work is organized and the mix of jobs in the economy. Even as some jobs decline, the US economy will continue to create others - and technologies themselves will give rise to new occupations. All workers will need to adapt as machines take over routine and some physical tasks and as demand grows for work involving socio-emotional, creative, technological, and higher cognitive skills.'

## Table of Contents

As in many professions, recruiting itself is both threatened and positively enabled by technology. As a platform company, we are optimistic about our positioning and ability to not only adapt to, but to lead some of these transformations. Through our software, we are gathering data intelligence while we improve our work processing, enabling a virtuous cycle of systemic and profitable improvements. Specifically, as our artificial intelligence tools get better, we strengthen our ability to deliver talent by leveraging these tools.

We are building our overall technology platform toward a vision of efficient, near-autonomous recruiting. That said, recruiting - the process of inspiring others to join a better  opportunity  and  the  subsequent  judgment  of  their  abilities  and  fit  to  do  so  -  is  an  inherently  social  practice.  We  will  attempt  to  lead  in  the  development  of technology that remembers and supports this most critical factor, with the overall mission of connecting talent to opportunity in a more fluid, rapid, and seamless manner.

## Our Clients

Our AI software and on-demand recruiting service allow us to meet the hiring needs of a variety of clients, from Fortune 100 enterprises to high-quality startups. We typically focus on filling highly skilled and senior-level roles in specialized fields, including technology, healthcare, finance, logistics/transportation, communications, engineering, energy, and many others.

The majority of our revenue (approximately 90%) is generated by providing Recruiting Solutions for employers, consisting of success-based placement fees for fulltime employee referrals and hourly and project-based fees for professional consulting and staffing. Our clients include Schlumberger, Halliburton Co., Ford Motor Co., Coca Cola Co., and Bluebeam, Inc. As of December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable balance, at 14% and 12%, respectively, for a total of 26%. As of December 31, 2020, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable balance, at 32% and 19%, respectively, for a total of 51%.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for more than 10% of total revenue, at 12%. For the year ended December 31, 2020, three customers each accounted for 10% or more of total revenue, at 30%, 20%, and 11%, respectively, for a total of 61%.

Our focus is to increase and improve our suite of product offerings and solutions to address different needs of potential employers in order to increase our client base and reduce reliance on the three customers accounting for the large percentage of our accounts receivables and revenue.

## Our Platform and Technology

## Our AI Software

Employers large and small use our AI-based recruiting software and the Platform to identify great candidates and shave time off the recruiting process. Our software allows employers to outreach to qualified applicants and receive qualified and interested talent in a variety of methods. Overall, employers can use the subscription to spend more time collaborating with teams and less time on the hiring process itself.

## Third-party Artificial Intelligence, Data, and Video Tools

We also license certain third-party tools for the enhancement of our offerings. We license candidate-matching software and data from third parties, including Opptly LLC, formerly known as Genesys Talent LLC, ('Opptly' or 'Genesys'), which was recently rebranded 'Opptly,' and Censia. The initial term of our license agreement with Genesys, expires on March 31, 2022. We will not be renewing the Genesys license after March 31, 2022. Our license agreement with Censia may be terminated either by Censia  or  us  at  any  time  with  a  180-day  prior  written  notice.  We  have  terminated  our  license  agreement  with  Censia  as  of  December  31,  2021.  We  contracted MyInterview to build a video hiring platform through a license and services agreement, with support and resourcing for the product for a term of three years beginning March 30, 2020. In addition, we license data from a variety of third-party services for the purpose of expanding our profile database.

## Table of Contents

## Our Technology Infrastructure

## Hosting

We currently host certain websites and data at data centers owned by Databank in Baltimore, MD, which has systems for automated backup storage and retrieval. Our websites, applications, and infrastructure were designed to support high-volume traffic. Our management has reviewed Databank's independently audited 'SOC 2® Type 2  Report  on  Controls  Relevant  to  Security  and  Availability  for  Data  Center  Services'  and  believes  Databank's  security  protocols  to  be  at  or  exceeding  the  level  of equivalent technology providers.

We host additional websites and data with Amazon's web hosting service.

## Personnel

Software development, database management, remote server administration, quality assurance, and administrative systems access is managed by our Chief Technology Officer Xuan Smith.  Our public websites are also maintained under the direction of our Chief Web Officer, Ashley Saddul, who currently resides overseas in Mauritius. From time to time, we also engage technical personnel on an as-needed basis from other locations, including overseas locations.  Outsourced personnel are managed by Mr. Smith and Mr. Saddul.

## Product Development

We continue to invest in product development, develop new products and features, and further build our infrastructure. Our goal is to enable employers to identify and engage with top talent faster than ever before.

## Roadmap

The following roadmap outlines Platform improvements that we intend to launch over the next year. While our overall strategic direction changes little, these specific projects cannot be guaranteed and often change. Specific projects include:

- Continued development and enhancement of AI software and career communities; and
- Job search and matching improvements through machine learning.

## Additional Specific Growth Plans

- Incorporation of video into recruitment and hiring workflows;
- Steady organic growth of enterprise services through continued onboarding of and delivery for major enterprise clients;
- Verticalizing  services  through  the  formation  of  domain-specific  teams  of  specialized  independent  recruiters  (e.g.,  healthcare,  financial  services, transportation/logistics, communications, energy) to respond more quickly and efficiently to hiring needs in these areas;
- Continuing to organize our candidates into specific talent pools based on industry experience and skillsets to market to our community of recruiters and enterprise clients;

## Table of Contents

- Capitalizing on web traffic and partnerships with job boards to expand the placement of recruiters through the newly launched Recruiter.com On Demand program; and
- Assisting businesses of all sizes with the re-hiring process which will take place as the threat of COVID-19 lessens and people return to work.

## Sales and Marketing Strategy

Our sales and marketing strategy is centered around driving cost-effective awareness of our brand and the benefits of our platform among recruiters and employers of all sizes, from small businesses to Fortune 100 companies. Most of our new recruiter and employer registrations come from direct navigation to our website through unpaid search engine results listings, social media, and other content-based, no-cost referrals. We draw on our robust recruiting and staffing business foundation to build a sales pipeline and grow account relationships.

## Sales Strategy

Most of our sales opportunities are derived from internet marketing and content strategies, which generate interest and traffic from search engines, such as Google, which index our website content. Word of mouth, customer and user referrals, and general brand recall and recognition also generate a significant number of visits to our website. Visitors to our website then express interest and contact us through standard electronic forms on our website. We employ Account Managers who follow up with these  leads  and  perform  inbound  or  inside  sales  functions  to  develop  quality  relationships  with  our  customers.  As  much  as  possible,  we  rely  on  automated  contact solutions to engage with our clients seamlessly. Our sales strategy includes the hiring of both internal and external sales and sales management personnel to conduct our sales relationships. As we expand our solution offerings, we will increasingly cross-sell across our on-demand recruiting technology and solutions.

We intend to employ several strategic methods to attract the best sales talent, including by offering attractive commission splits, bonuses, technology capabilities, and lead generation. These factors, in addition to the benefits of our Recruiter.com brand, should facilitate the recruitment of highly qualified talent. Also, we look for ways to partner with leading recruiting firms and successful independent recruiting salespeople, allowing them to sell under the Recruiter.com brand to accelerate our organic growth significantly.

## Partnerships

We have forged relationships with many firms in the recruiting, HR, and payroll space. Partnerships constitute an essential component of our sales and marketing strategy, as these partnerships may stimulate sales demand for our hiring solutions, including success-based recruiting, on-demand offerings, and, in the future, video screening services. We pursue strategic alliances with employer service providers for joint marketing and cross-selling activities, and we seek platform integrations with strategic partners to generate client demand.

## Public Relations

For PR and marketing purposes, we rely mostly on the continued development of our thought leadership content. Recruiter Index ® , our proprietary analysis that pinpoints recruiting trends and forecasts business growth, will form the bedrock of our thought leadership strategy.

No one understands the talent market like the recruiters, HR professionals, and talent acquisition experts working on the front lines. We have the unique ability to survey our vast network of independent recruiting and talent acquisition specialists to uncover job market trends. Given the Recruiter Index's  ®  consistent media appearances beginning in June of 2020, including on CNBC, there appears to be strong demand for leading indicators of the labor market.

## Table of Contents

## Community Management

We consider  our  community  management  an  essential  part  of  our  revenue  generation  strategy,  as  active  engagement  of  our  network  leads  to  the  further  output  of successful candidate matches. The principles of our approach to community management include:

- Value : Each member of the recruiter network is an asset to our business.
- Understanding : We form relationships with a human touch and develop real understandings of recruiters' business needs and capacities.
- Personal: Every on demand recruiter has a named contact.
- Shared Success : We take pride in our community, and we incentivize success and connections.

## Competition

The market for online staffing and recruitment services is highly competitive, fragmented, and undergoing rapid changes following increasing demand, technological advancements, and shifting needs. We compete with several online and offline platforms and services, including but not limited to, the following:

- Traditional  talent  acquisition  and  staffing  service  providers  and  other  outsourcing  providers,  such  as  the  Adecco  Group,  Korn  Ferry,  Russell  Reynolds Associates, Inc., and Robert Half International, Inc.;
- Other e-staffing and recruitment marketplace providers, such as Hired.com, Scout Exchange, and Reflik;
- Professional and personal social media platforms, such as LinkedIn and Facebook;
- Software and business services companies focused on video hiring talent acquisition, management, invoicing, or staffing management products and services;
- Online and offline job boards, classified ads, and other traditional means of finding work and service providers, such as Craigslist, CareerBuilder, Indeed, Monster, and ZipRecruiter; and
- Additionally,  well-established  internet  companies,  such  as  Google  and  Amazon,  have  entered  or  may  decide  to  join  our  market  and  compete  with  our Platform.

We compete based on several factors, including, among other things: size and engagement of user base, brand awareness and reputation, relationships with third party partners, and pricing. We differentiate ourselves through what we call our 'three uniques:' people, power, and platform. We pride ourselves on:

- Our people, who are experts in the recruiting industry;
- The power of our robust network of recruiters, top internet brand, distribution channels, and content and social media followings; and
- The Platform, which is a complete and custom-built software platform, with many integrations and partnerships, which has developed over several years.

These 'three uniques' form our competitive 'moat,' which management believes would be highly challenging for any competitor to replicate.

## Intellectual Property

The protection of our intellectual property is an essential aspect of our business. We own our domain names and trademarks relating to our website's design and content, including our brand name and various logos and slogans. We rely upon a combination of trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidentiality procedures, contractual

commitments, and other legal rights to establish and protect our intellectual property. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements and invention or work product assignment agreements with our employees and consultants to control access to and clarify ownership of our software, documentation, and other proprietary information.

## Table of Contents

As  of  February  21,  2022,  our  trademarks  include  the  terms  'Recruiter.com,'  'Recruiting  Social,'  'Recruiter  Life,'  'Recruiter  Hire,'  'Recruiter  Index,'  'Recruiter Direct,' 'VocaWorks,' 'Scouted,' 'ScoutedU,' and 'OneWire.'

## Government Regulation

We are subject to a number of US federal and state and foreign laws and regulations that apply to internet companies and businesses that operate online marketplaces connecting businesses with recruiters. These laws and regulations may involve worker classification, employment, data protection, privacy, online payment services, content regulation, intellectual property, taxation, consumer protection, background checks, payment services, money transmitter regulations, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, and sanctions laws, or other matters. Many of the rules and regulations that are or may apply to our business are still evolving and being tested in courts and could  be  interpreted  in  ways  that  could  adversely  impact  our  business.  Also,  the  application  and  interpretation  of  these  laws  and  regulations  are  often  uncertain, particularly in the industry in which we operate.

Additionally, our Platform and the platform user data it uses, collects, or processes to run our business is an integral part of our business model and, as a result, our compliance with laws dealing with the use, collection, and processing of personal data is part of our strategy to improve platform user experience and build trust.

Regulators  around  the  world  have  adopted,  or  proposed  requirements  regarding  the  collection,  use,  transfer,  security,  storage,  destruction,  and  other  processing  of personally identifiable information and other data relating to individuals, and these laws are increasing in number, enforcement, fines, and other penalties. Two such governmental regulations that carry implications for our platform are the GDPR and the CCPA.

The GDPR went into effect in May 2018, implementing more stringent requirements in relation to companies' use of personal data relating to all EU individuals ('data subjects'). Under the GDPR, the expanded definition of personal data includes information such as name, identification number, email address, location data, online identifiers such as internet protocol addresses and cookie identifiers, or any other type of information that can identify a living individual. The GDPR imposes a number of  new  requirements,  which  include:  a  valid  ground  for  processing  each  instance  of  personal  data;  higher  standards  for  organizations  to  demonstrate  that  they  have obtained valid consent or have another legal basis in place to justify their data processing activities; providing expanded information about how data subjects' personal data  is  or  will  be  used;  carrying  out  data  protection  impact  assessments  for  operations  which  present  specific  risks  to  individuals  due  to  the  nature  or  scope  of  the processing operation; an obligation to appoint data protection officers in certain circumstances; new rights for individuals to be 'forgotten' and rights to data portability, as well as enhanced current rights; the principle of accountability and demonstrating compliance through policies, procedures, training, and audit; profiling restrictions; and a new mandatory data breach reporting regime.

In the United States, California recently adopted the CCPA, which came into effect in January 2020. Similar in certain respects to the GDPR, the CCPA establishes a new privacy framework for covered businesses, including an expanded definition of 'personal information'; new data privacy rights for California residents, requiring covered businesses  to  provide  further  disclosure  to  consumers  and  affording  consumers  the  right  to  opt-out  of  individual  sales  of  personal  information;  special  rules  on  the collection of consumer data from minors; and a potentially severe statutory damages framework and private rights of action for CCPA violations and failure to implement reasonable security procedures and practices.

## Facilities

Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York.  We operate from time to time in leased flexible office space, such as WeWork offices.

We believe  that  our  facilities  are  adequate  to  meet  our  needs  for  the  immediate  future,  and  that,  should  it  be  needed,  suitable  additional  space  will  be  available  to accommodate any such expansion of our operations.

## Table of Contents

## Legal Proceedings

Except for the BKR lawsuit and related counterclaim described under Item 3, as of the date of this filing, there are no material pending legal or governmental proceedings relating to our Company or properties to which we are a party, and, to our knowledge, there are no material proceedings to which any of our directors, executive officers, or affiliates are a party adverse to us or which have a material interest adverse to us.

## Employees

As of March 28, 2022, the Company employed 73 full time corporate employees and 69 outside staffing professionals in 19 states.

## Culture and Team

Most of our staff members have many years of experience in online recruiting and technology. We are inspired every day by our mission to connect people better to create terrific job matches. Our people are musicians, programmers, writers, speakers, mathematicians, gardeners, parachuters, runners, hikers, sports fanatics, backyard chicken farmers, and photographers. We are a family-first company, with many hard-working parents raising the next generation of Recruiter.com interns.

As we build the next generation of recruiting technology, we look for people who are passionate about connecting people and helping to develop better work experiences and career opportunities for others. We pride ourselves on being a team on a mission, with big goals and even bigger dreams for the company. We work virtually, with lean operations and an efficient cost model, while staying firmly connected through chat and video.

We are a place to make an impact. We pay little attention to job titles and much more attention to results - who is thinking creatively and making positive contributions daily. At all times, we try to effectively tie things like compensation to direct contribution and foster an environment of inclusion and fair equity. To summarize, we are specialists in recruiting and know what it takes to be an employer of choice and a great place to work. We strive to make our work enjoyable, rewarding, and full of growth opportunities for our staff.

## Diversity

We connect people from an extraordinarily diverse range of backgrounds and locations. We strive to make a product that makes a difference, and one that helps build a just, equitable future for us all. We are committed to being an equal opportunity employer ourselves, and we only work with clients who respect both the law and spirit of equal opportunity employment. Further, we believe that, as we grow as a company, our success will be predicated on drawing from and amplifying a diverse range of voices, both internally and externally.

We are fortunate to have a vibrant and innovative staff from diverse backgrounds. We hold ourselves to a high standard of equity and inclusion. Currently, we have people of color, women, and members of the LGBTQ+ community in senior roles at the company, including executive leadership and on our Board of Directors (the 'Board').

We welcome people from all backgrounds to apply to our internal careers and our client roles. We are also very interested in developing new practices to increase fairness in  our  hiring  processes,  including  quantitative  assessments,  bias  training,  and  reducing  bias  from  new  virtual  tools  that  we  introduce,  such  as  video  screening.  We regularly and routinely seek out ways to improve our recruiting practices and expand the breadth and depth of our network of recruiters .

## Corporate Information

Our principal  executive  offices  are  located  at  500  Seventh  Avenue,  New  York,  New  York  10018.  Our  telephone  number  is  (855)  931-1500.  Our  website  address  is www.recruiter.com. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our site is not a part of this filing. Investors should not rely on any such information in deciding whether to purchase our securities.

## Table of Contents

## ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

You should consider carefully the following risk factors, together with all of the other information included or incorporated in this Annual Report. Each of these risk factors, either alone or taken together, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and adversely affect the value of an investment in our Common Stock. There may be additional risks that we do not know of or that we believe are immaterial that could also impair our business and financial condition.

## Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

## There is substantial doubt regarding our ability to continue as a going concern absent obtaining adequate new debt or equity financing and achieving sufficient sales levels .

We anticipate that we will continue to lose money for the foreseeable future. Our continued existence is dependent upon raising sufficient funds from equity or debt financing activities and generating sufficient working capital from our operations. Because of our history of losses, and net cash used in our operations we may have to continue to reduce our expenditures without receipt of sufficient proceeds from financing activities or improvements in our cash flow from operations. Working capital limitations continue to impinge on our day-to-day operations thus contributing to continued operating losses. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds from financing activities, we may not be able to meet our obligations as they come due, raising substantial doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Any such inability to continue  as  a  going  concern  may  result  in  our  stockholders  losing  their  entire  investment.  There  is  no  guarantee  that  we  will  raise  sufficient  funds  from  financing activities.

Our management has determined that there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern and the report of our independent registered public accounting  firm  on  our  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020  includes  an  explanatory  paragraph  with  respect  to  the foregoing. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital and implement our business plan. This determination was based on the following factors: (i) used cash in operations of approximately $9.0 million in 2021, and our available cash as of the date of this filing will not be sufficient to fund our anticipated level of operations for the next 12 months; (ii) we will require additional financing for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 to continue at our expected level of operations; and (iii) if we fail to obtain the needed capital, we will be forced to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of its development activities or perhaps cease operations. In the opinion of management, these factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern as of the date of the end of the period covered by this report and for one year from the issuance of the consolidated financial statements.

## Our business depends on a strong reputation and anything that harms our reputation will likely harm our results.

As a provider of temporary and permanent staffing solutions as well as consultant services, our reputation is dependent upon the performance of the employees we place with our clients and the services rendered by our consultants. We depend on our reputation and name recognition to secure engagements and to hire qualified employees and consultants. If our clients become dissatisfied with the performance of those employees or consultants or if any of those employees or consultants engage in or are believed to have engaged in conduct that is harmful to our clients, our ability to maintain or expand our client base may be harmed. Any of the foregoing is likely to materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

## We may be unable to find sufficient candidates for our staffing business.

Our staffing services business consists of the placement of individuals seeking employment. There can be no assurance that candidates for employment will continue to seek employment through us. Candidates generally seek temporary or full-time positions through multiple sources, including us and our competitors. Prior to COVID-19, unemployment in the United States had been low in the past couple of years but sharply increased and then decreased due to the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The availability of qualified talent may change or become even more scarce, depending on macro-economic conditions outside of our control. If finding sufficient eligible candidates to meet employers' demands becomes more challenging due to falling unemployment rates or other talent availability issues, we may experience a shortage of qualified candidates. Any shortage of candidates could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

## Table of Contents

## We may incur potential liability to employees and clients.

Our consulting and staffing business entails employing individuals on a temporary basis and placing such individuals in clients' workplaces. We do not have the ability to control the workplace environment. As the employer of record of our temporary employees, we incur a risk of liability to our temporary employees for various workplace events, including claims of physical injury, discrimination, harassment, or failure to protect confidential personal information. While such claims have not historically had a material adverse effect upon our business or financial condition, there can be no assurance that such claims in the future will not result in adverse publicity or have a material adverse effect upon our business or financial condition. We also incur a risk of liability to our employer clients resulting from allegations of errors, omissions or theft by our temporary employees, or allegations of misuse of client confidential information. In many cases, we have agreed to indemnify our clients in respect of these types of claims. We maintain insurance with respect to many of such claims. While such claims have not historically had a material adverse effect upon our business or

financial condition, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be able to obtain insurance at a cost that does not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition or that such claims will be covered by such available insurance.

## We may require additional capital to fund our business and support our growth, and our inability to generate and obtain such capital on acceptable terms, or at all, could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, and prospects.

We intend to continue to make substantial investments to fund our business and support our growth. In addition, we may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new features or enhance our solutions, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire or develop complementary businesses and technologies. As a result, in addition to the revenues we generate from our business, we may need to engage in equity or debt financings to provide the funds required for these and other business endeavors. If we raise additional funds through future issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences, and privileges superior to those of holders of our Common Stock. Any debt financing that we may secure in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. We may not be able to obtain such additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to  continue  to  support  our  business  growth  and  to  respond  to  business  challenges  could  be  significantly  impaired,  and  our  business  may  be  adversely  impacted.  In addition, our inability to generate or obtain the financial resources needed may require us to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of our operations, which may have a significant adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

## Because we have a history of net losses, we may never achieve or sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operations .

We have incurred net losses in each fiscal year since our inception, including net losses of approximately $16 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 and $17 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2021, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $51 million. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenditures to develop and market our services and could continue to incur losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future. We may never achieve  profitability  or  positive  cash  flow  in  the  future,  and  even  if  we  do,  we  may  not  be  able  to  continue  being  profitable.  Any  failure  to  achieve  and  maintain profitability would continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders' deficit and working capital and could result in a decline in our stock price or cause us to cease operations.

22

## Table of Contents

## Because we have a limited operating history under our current platform, it is difficult to evaluate our business and future prospects.

We have operated our current platform since April 16, 2016, when we acquired the Platform, where it was then put into a multi-year process of further development, integration, and branding. As a result, our platform and business model have not been fully proven, and we have only a limited operating history on which to evaluate our business  and  future  prospects.  We  have  encountered,  and  will  continue  to  encounter,  risks  and  difficulties  frequently  experienced  by  growing  companies  in  rapidly changing industries, including our ability to achieve market acceptance of our platform and attract, retain and incentivize recruiters on our platform, as well as respond to competition and plan for and scale our operations to address future growth. We may not be successful in addressing these and other challenges we may face in the future, and our business and future prospects may be materially and adversely affected if we do not manage these and other risks successfully. Given our limited operating history, we may be unable to effectively implement our business plan, which could materially harm our business or cause us to scale down or cease our operations.

## Our future growth depends on our ability to attract, retain, and incentivize a community of recruiters and employers, and the loss of existing recruiters and employers, or failure to attract new ones, could adversely impact our business and future prospects.

The size of our user community of recruiters and employers on our platform is critical to our success. Our ability to achieve profitability in the future will depend, in large part, on our ability to attract new users to, and retain existing users on, the Platform. Recruiters and employers on the Platform can generally decide to cease using the Platform  at  any  time.  While  we  have  experienced  rapid  growth  in  the  number  of  recruiters  on  the  Platform  in  recent  months,  with  numbers  rising  from  27,011  on September 30, 2020 to over 40,000 in February 2022, this growth may not continue at the same pace in the future or at all. In addition, it is possible that the ongoing effects  of  COVID-19  may  have  a  deleterious  effect  on  our  user  growth  in  the  future.  Achieving  growth  in  our  community  of  users  may  require  us  to  engage  in increasingly sophisticated and costly sales and marketing efforts that may not result in additional users. We may also need to modify our pricing model to attract and retain such users. If we fail to attract new users or fail to maintain or expand existing relationships in a cost-effective manner, our business and future prospects would be materially and adversely impacted.

## If  we  are  unable  to  respond  to  technological  advancements  and  other  changes  in  our  industry  by  developing  and  releasing  new  services,  or  improving  our existing services, in a timely and cost-effective manner or at all, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

Our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new service launches, changing user demands, and evolving industry standards. The introduction of new  services  based  on  technological  advancements  can  quickly  render  existing  services  obsolete.  We  will  need  to  expend  substantial  resources  on  researching  and developing new services and enhancing our platform by incorporating additional features, improving functionality, and adding other improvements to meet our users' evolving  demands.  We  may  not  be  successful  in  developing,  marketing,  and  delivering  in  a  timely  and  cost-effective  manner  enhancements  or  new  features  to  our platform or any new services that respond to continued changes in the market. Furthermore, any enhancements or new features to our platform or any new services may contain errors or defects and may not achieve the broad market acceptance necessary to generate sufficient revenue. Moreover, even if we introduce new services, we may experience a decline in revenue from our existing services that is not offset by revenue from the new services.

## If  we  experience  errors,  defects,  or  disruptions  on  the  Platform  it  could  damage  our  reputation,  which  could  in  turn  materially  and  adversely  impact  our operating results and growth prospects.

The performance and reliability of the Platform is critical to our reputation and ability to attract and retain recruiters and clients. Any system error or failure, or other performance problems with the Platform could harm our brand and reputation and may damage the businesses of users. Additionally, the Platform requires frequent updates, which may contain undetected errors when first introduced or released. Any errors, defects, disruptions in service, or other performance or stability problems with  the  Platform  could  result  in  negative  publicity,  loss  of  or  delay  in  market  acceptance  of  the  Platform,  loss  of  competitive  position,  delay  of  payment  to  us  or recruiters, or claims by users for losses sustained by them, which could adversely impact our brand and reputation, operating results, and future prospects.

## Table of Contents

We rely on third parties to host our Platform, and any disruption of service from such third parties or material change to, or termination of, our arrangement with them could adversely affect our business.

We use third-party cloud infrastructure service providers and co-located data centers in the United States and abroad to host the Platform. Software development, remote server administration, quality assurance, and administrative access is managed overseas by Recruiter Mauritius Ltd. under the direction of our Chief Technology Officer, Ashley Saddul. We do not control the physical operation of any of the data centers we use. These facilities are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, and similar events. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act  of  terrorism,  a  decision  to  close  the  facilities  without  adequate  notice,  or  other  unanticipated  problems  could  result  in  lengthy  interruptions  to  the  Platform.  The facilities  also  could  be  subject  to  break-ins,  computer  viruses,  sabotage,  intentional  acts  of  violence,  and  other  misconduct.  We  may  not  carry  sufficient  business interruption insurance to compensate us for losses that may occur as a result of any events that cause interruptions in our service. We may not be able to maintain or renew our  agreements  or  arrangements  with  these  third-party  service  providers  on  commercially  reasonable  terms,  or  at  all.  If  we  are  unable  to  renew  our  agreements  on commercially reasonable terms, our agreements are terminated, or we add additional infrastructure providers, we may experience costs or downtime in connection with the transfer to, or the addition of, new data center providers. If these providers increase the cost of their services, we may have to increase the fees to use the Platform, which could cause us to lose clients, or we may have to assume those increased costs, and our operating results may be adversely impacted.

## Because we have arrangements with related parties affecting a significant part of our operations, such arrangements may not reflect terms that would otherwise be available from unaffiliated third parties .

We rely on arrangements with related parties for support of our operations, including technical support, and may engage in additional related party transactions in the future. For example, we currently rely on a related party provider of information technology and computer services located in Mauritius, an island country located off the eastern coast of Africa, for software development and maintenance related to our website and the Platform. Our Chief Web Officer is an employee of this service provider. See  ' Certain  Relationships  and  Related  Person  Transactions '  for  further  details.  Although  we  believe  that  the  terms  of  our  arrangements  with  related  parties  are reasonable and generally consistent with market standards, such terms do not necessarily reflect terms that we or such related parties would agree to in arms-length negotiations with an independent third party. Furthermore, potential conflicts of interest can exist if a related party is presented with an issue that may have conflicting implications for us and such related party. If a dispute arises in connection with any of these arrangements, which is not resolved to our satisfaction, our business could be materially and adversely affected.

## Our Platform contains open-source software components, and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying licenses could restrict our ability to market or operate our Platform.

We incorporate many types of open-source software, frameworks, and databases, including our Platform, which is currently architected on the Yii platform using PHP code and MySQL databases. Open-source licenses typically permit the use, modification, and distribution of software in source code form subject to certain conditions. Some open-source licenses require any person who distributes a modification or derivative work of such software to make the modified version subject to the same open source license. Accordingly, although we do not believe that we have used open-source software in a manner that would subject us to this requirement, we may be required to distribute certain aspects of our Platform or make them available in source code form. Further, the interpretation of open-source licenses is legally complex. If we fail to comply with the terms of an applicable open source software license, we may need to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering the Platform and the terms on which such licenses are available may not be economically feasible, to re-engineer the Platform to remove or replace the open source software, to limit or stop offering the Platform if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely or cost-effective basis, to pay monetary damages, or to make available the source code for aspects of our proprietary technology, any of which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

## 24

## Table of Contents

## Our future growth depends in part on our ability to form new and maintain existing strategic partnerships with third party solution providers and continued performance of such solution providers under the terms of our strategic partnerships with them.

As part of our growth strategy and, in particular, our enterprise solution offering, we establish and maintain strategic partnerships with large and established third party solution providers to employers, such as companies specializing in enterprise application software, human resources, payroll, talent, time management, tax and benefits administration. Our strategic partnerships include among other things, integration of the Platform with those of our strategic partners, joint marketing, and commercial alignment, including joint events, and sales of our services by our partners' representatives. We may be unable to renew or replace our agreements with such strategic partners  as  and  when  they  expire  on  comparable  terms,  or  at  all.  Moreover,  the  parties  with  which  we  have  strategic  relationships  may  fail  to  devote  the  resources necessary to expand our reach and increase our distribution. In addition, our agreements with our strategic partners generally do not contain any covenants that would limit competing arrangements. Some of our strategic partners offer, or could in the future offer, competing products and services or have similar strategic relationships with our competitors, and may choose to favor our competitors' solutions over ours. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with third parties, our growth prospects could be impaired, and our operating results may be adversely impacted. Even if we are successful in establishing and maintaining these strategic relationships with third parties, they may not result in the growth of our client base or increased revenue.

## We rely in part on certain software that we license from related and third parties as part of our service offerings, and if we were to lose the ability to use such software our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected.

We license video screening technology from MyInterview, as well as other popular, commercially available third party recruiting, communications, and marketing related software systems, such as LinkedIn and Hubspot, much of which is integral to our systems and our business. If any of these relationships were terminated or if any of these parties were to cease doing business or cease to support the applications we currently utilize, we may be forced to expend significant time and resources to replace the licensed software. Further, the necessary replacements may not be available on a timely basis on favorable terms, or at all. If we were to lose the ability to use this software our business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected.

## Because we rely on a small number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue, the loss of any of these customers would have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows.

We derive our revenue from a limited number of customers. As of December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable balance, at 14% and 12%, for a total of 26%. As of December 31, 2020, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable balance, at 32% and 19%, for a total of 51%.

Any termination of a business relationship with, or a significant sustained reduction in business from, one or more of these customers could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and cash flows.

## Failure to protect our intellectual property could adversely affect our business.

Our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology and data, including our trade secrets, software code, the content of our website, workflows, proprietary databases, registered domain names, registered and unregistered trademarks, trademark applications, copyrights, and inventions (whether or not patentable). In order to protect our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and contractual arrangements.

Despite  our  efforts,  third  parties  may  infringe  upon  or  misappropriate  our  intellectual  property  by  copying  or  reverse-engineering  information  that  we  regard  as proprietary, including our platform, to create products and services that compete with ours. Further, we may be unable to prevent competitors from acquiring domain names or trademarks that are similar to, infringe upon, or diminish the value of our domain names, trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights. Moreover, our trade  secrets  may  be  compromised  by  third  parties  or  our  employees,  which  would  cause  us  to  lose  the  competitive  advantage  derived  from  the  compromised  trade secrets. Additionally, effective intellectual property protection may not be available to us in every country in which our platform currently is or may in the future be available. Further, we may be unable to detect infringement of our intellectual property rights, and even if we detect such violations and decide to enforce our intellectual property  rights,  we  may  not  be  successful,  and  may  incur  significant  expenses,  in  such  efforts.  In  addition,  any  such  enforcement  efforts  may  be  time-consuming, expensive  and  may  divert  management's  attention.  Because  we  rely  on  Mr.  Saddul  and  his  staff  who  are  based  in  Mauritius,  we  face  a  risk  based  upon  any  local conditions and difficulties we may face in enforcing our intellectual property rights there. Further, such enforcement efforts may result in a ruling that our intellectual property rights are unenforceable. Any failure to protect or any loss of our intellectual property may have an adverse effect on our ability to compete and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results.

## If we cannot manage our growth effectively, our results of operations would be materially and adversely affected.

We have recently experienced significant growth following our acquisitions of Scouted, Upsider, OneWire, Parrut, and Novo during 2021. More recently, the number of recruiters on the Platform increased from approximately 10,000 recruiters in July 2019 to over approximately 28,000 recruiters in January 2021, over 28,290 recruiters in March 2021, and currently over 40,000 recruiters in February of 2022. Businesses that grow rapidly often have difficulty managing their growth while maintaining their compliance and quality standards. If we continue to grow as rapidly as we anticipate, we will need to expand our management by recruiting and employing additional executive and key personnel capable of providing the necessary support. There can be no assurance that our management, along with our staff, will be able to effectively manage our growth. Our failure to meet the challenges associated with rapid growth could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results.

## Our  future  success  depends  on  our  ability  to  retain  and  attract  high-quality  personnel,  and  the  efforts,  abilities  and  continued  service  of  our  senior management, and unsuccessful succession planning could adversely affect our business.

Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain high-quality management, operations, and other personnel who are in high demand, are often subject to competing employment offers, and are attractive recruiting targets for our competitors. The loss of qualified executives and key employees, or inability to attract, retain, and motivate high-quality executives and employees required for the planned expansion of our business, may harm our operating results and impair our ability to grow.

We depend on the continued services of our key personnel, including Evan Sohn, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Miles Jennings, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Judy Krandel, our Chief Financial Officer. We entered into employment agreements with Evan Sohn, Miles Jennings and Judy Krandel. Our work with each of these key personnel are subject to changes and/or termination, and our inability to effectively retain the services of our key management personnel, could materially and adversely affect our operating results and future prospects.

## If we sustain an impairment in the carrying value of long-lived assets and goodwill, it will negatively affect our operating results.

As the result of our purchase of certain assets of Genesys in March 2019 and Scouted, OneWire, Parrut, Upsider and Novo Group in 2021, we have a significant amount of long-lived intangible assets and goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. Under the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the U.S. ('GAAP'), long-lived assets are required to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of the asset may not be recoverable. If business conditions or other factors cause profitability and cash flows to decline, we may be required to record non-cash impairment charges. Goodwill must be evaluated for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events indicate it is warranted. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its current fair value, the goodwill is considered impaired. Events and conditions that could result in impairment in the value of our long-lived assets and goodwill include, but are not limited to, significant negative industry or economic trends, competition and adverse changes in the regulatory environment, significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period of time, limited funding, as well as or other factors leading to reduction in expected long-term revenues or profitability. If we record impairment charges related to our goodwill and long-lived assets, our operating results would likely be materially and adversely affected.

26

## Table of Contents

## If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired.

As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our  disclosure  controls  and  procedures  and  internal  control  over  financial  reporting,  we  have  expended,  and  anticipate  that  we  will  continue  to  expend,  significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight.

Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our consolidated financial statements for prior periods. If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, which could result in loss of investor confidence and could have an adverse effect on our stock price.

## Risks Related to Regulation

If we or our clients are perceived to have violated or are found in violation of, the anti-discrimination laws and regulations as the result of the use of predictive technologies or external independent recruiters in the recruitment process, it may damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations .

We and our clients may be exposed to potential claims associated with the use of predictive algorithms and external recruiters in the recruitment process, including claims of age and gender discrimination. For example, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 ('Title VII') prohibits employers from limiting employment opportunities based on certain protected characteristics, including race, color, religion, sex, and national origin. The Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (the 'ADA') prohibits discrimination based on age. Certain social media companies, as well as employers purchasing targeted ads from such companies, have recently come under scrutiny for discriminatory advertising. In September 2019, the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (the 'EEOC') ruled that several employers violated the ADA and Title VII by publicizing job openings on social media through the use of ads that targeted young men to the detriment of women and older workers. If we or our clients are perceived to have violated or are found in violation of, Title VII, the ADA, or any other anti-discrimination laws and regulations as the result of the use of predictive technologies in the recruitment process, it may damage our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

If recruiters on the Platform were classified as employees instead of independent contractors, our business would be materially and adversely affected.

We believe that the  recruiters  who  engage  with  us  on  our  platform  are  independent  contractors,  due  to  a  number  of  factors,  including  our  inability  to  control  these recruiters,  and  our  Terms  of  Use  with  our  users  reflect  that  understanding.  However,  if  the  independent  contractor  status  of  recruiters  is  challenged,  we  may  not  be successful in defending against such challenges in some or all jurisdictions. Furthermore, the costs associated with defending, settling, or resolving lawsuits relating to the independent contractor status of recruiters could be material to our business. In September 2019, California enacted a new employee classification law that codified the 2018 decision by the state's Supreme Court classifying independent contractors as employees unless they satisfy the following requirements: (i) are free from the control and direction of the entity relating to the performance of the work; (ii) perform work outside the usual course of the hiring entity's business; and (iii) are customarily engaged in an independently established trade, occupation, or business. We cannot be certain if this ruling in California will impact us.

## Table of Contents

If a court or an administrative agency were to determine that the recruiters on our platform must be classified as employees rather than independent contractors, we and/or our clients would become subject to additional regulatory requirements, including but not limited to tax, wages, and wage and hour laws and requirements (such as those pertaining to minimum wage and overtime); employee benefits, social security, workers' compensation and unemployment; discrimination, harassment, and retaliation under  civil  rights  laws;  claims  under  laws  pertaining  to  unionizing,  collective  bargaining,  and  other  concerted  activity;  and  other  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to employers and employees. Compliance with such laws and regulations would require us to incur significant additional expenses, potentially including without limitation, expenses associated with the application of wage and hour laws (including minimum wage, overtime, and meal and rest period requirements), employee benefits, social security contributions, taxes, and penalties. Additionally, any such reclassification would require us to fundamentally change our business model, and consequently have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

## Approximately 30% of visitors to our websites originate from countries outside the United States, which exposes us to risks related to operating abroad.

Even though we currently have a limited physical presence outside of the United States, recruiters on the Platform are located in approximately 162 countries (aside from the US) around the world, the most prevalent being those recruiters who reside in India, Malaysia, England, and Canada, which subjects us to the risks and uncertainties associated with doing business internationally. Additionally, users on the Platform include recruiters from some emerging markets where we have limited experience, where challenges can be significantly different from those we have faced in more developed markets, and where business practices may create greater internal control risks. Because the Platform is generally accessible by users worldwide, one or more jurisdictions may claim that we or recruiters on the Platform are required to comply with the laws of such jurisdictions. Laws outside of the United States regulating the internet, payments, privacy, taxation, terms of service, website accessibility, consumer protection, intellectual property ownership, services intermediaries, labor and employment, wage and hour, worker classification, background checks, and recruiting and staffing  companies,  among  others,  which  could  be  interpreted  to  apply  to  us,  are  often  less  favorable  to  us  than  those  in  the  United  States,  giving  greater  rights  to competitors, users, and other third parties. Compliance with foreign laws and regulations may be more costly than expected, may require us to change our business practices or restrict our product offerings, and the imposition of any such laws or regulations on us, our users, or third parties that we or our users utilize to provide or use our services, may adversely impact our revenue and business. In addition, we may be subject to multiple overlapping legal or regulatory regimes that impose conflicting requirements and enhanced legal risks.

The risks described above may also make it more difficult for us to expand our operations internationally. Analysis of, and compliance with, global laws and regulations may substantially increase our cost of doing business. We may be unable to keep current with changes in laws and regulations as they develop. Any violations could result in  enforcement  actions,  fines,  civil  and  criminal  penalties,  damages,  interest,  costs  and  fees  (including  but  not  limited  to  legal  fees),  injunctions,  loss  of  intellectual property rights,  or  reputational  harm.  If  we  are  unable  to  comply  with  these  laws  and  regulations  or  manage  the  complexity  of  global  operations  and  supporting  an international user base successfully, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected.

## The regulatory framework for privacy and data protection is complex and evolving, and changes in laws or regulations relating to privacy or the protection or transfer of personal data, or any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with such laws and regulations, could adversely affect our business .

During our day-to-day business operations we receive, collect, store, process, transfer, and use personal information and other user data. As the result, we are subject to numerous federal, state, local, and international laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, information security, and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer, disclosure, and protection of personal information and other content. We are also subject to the terms of our privacy policies and obligations to third parties related to privacy, data protection, and information security. We strive to comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, and other legal obligations relating to privacy, data protection, and information security to the extent possible. However, the regulatory framework for privacy and data protection both in the United States and abroad is, and is likely to remain for the foreseeable future, uncertain and complex, is changing, and the interpretation and enforcement of the rules and regulations that form part of this regulatory framework may be inconsistent among jurisdictions, or conflict with other laws and regulations. Such laws and regulations as they apply to us may be interpreted and enforced in a manner that we do not currently anticipate. Any significant change in the applicable laws, regulations, or industry practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, or disclosure of user data, or their interpretation, or any changes regarding the manner in which the express or implied consent of users for the collection, use, retention, or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our platform and our products and services, in a manner that could materially affect our business.

## 28

## Table of Contents

The laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, and information security also continue to evolve. For example, in June 2018, California passed the California Consumer Privacy Act (the 'CCPA'), effective January 1, 2020, which requires companies that process personal information of California residents to make new disclosures to consumers about such companies' data collection, use, and sharing practices and inform consumers of their personal information rights such as deletion rights, allows consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third parties, and provides a new cause of action for data breaches. The State of Nevada has also passed a law, effective October 1, 2019, that amends the state's online privacy law to allow consumers to submit requests to prevent websites and online service providers from selling personally identifiable information that they collect through a website or online service. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, the privacy and data protection laws and regulations may limit the use and adoption of our services and could have a material adverse impact on our business. As a result, we may need to modify the way we treat such information.

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any privacy and data protection policies, laws, rules, and regulations could result in proceedings or actions against us by individuals, consumer rights groups, governmental entities or agencies, or others. We could incur significant costs investigating and defending such claims and, if found  liable,  significant  damages.  Further,  public  scrutiny  of  or  complaints  about  technology  companies  or  their  data  handling  or  data  protection  practices,  even  if unrelated to our business, industry, or operations, may lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies, including us, and may cause government agencies to enact additional regulatory requirements, or to modify their enforcement or investigation activities, which may increase our costs and risks.

## Risks Relating to Investments in Our Common Stock

## As  a  result  of  our  recent  financings  and  acquisitions  we  have  issued  a  substantial  number  of  additional  shares  of  Common  Stock,  which  dilutes  present stockholders and have issued dilutive instruments which may dilute present stockholders.

During the period from March 2019 through January 2021, we engaged in a series of private placement transactions issuing to several accredited investors shares of convertible preferred stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock. We have also issued shares of our Common Stock in connection with the Scouted Asset Purchase, the  Upsider  Purchase,  the  OneWire  Purchase,  the  Parrut  Purchase,  and  the  Novo  Purchase.  See  ' Part  I  -  Item  1.  Business '  for  further  details.  We  also  closed  an underwritten public offering of units in July 2021.  As of the date of this Annual Report, there were approximately 9.5 million shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion  of  our  outstanding  convertible  preferred  stock,  stock  options  and  exercise  of  warrants  (including  warrants  issued  to  the  placement  agent  in  our  private placement transactions). In the future, we may grant additional options, warrants and convertible securities. The exercise, conversion, or exchange of options, warrants or convertible securities, including for other securities, will dilute the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. The dilutive effect of the exercise or conversion of these securities may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional capital. The holders of these securities may be expected to exercise or convert such options, warrants and convertible securities at a time when we would be able to obtain additional equity capital on terms more favorable than such securities or when our Common Stock is trading at a price higher than the exercise or conversion price of the securities. If we issue them with conversion or exercise prices below the prices of the convertible securities held by the held by investors, we will be required to reduce the conversion prices of certain of our convertible securities held by the investors, which will increase future dilution. The exercise or conversion of outstanding warrants, options and convertible securities will have a dilutive effect on the securities held by our stockholders. We have in the past, and may in the future, exchange outstanding securities for other securities on terms that are dilutive to the securities held by other stockholders not participating in such exchange.

## Because we may issue preferred stock without the approval of our stockholders and a concentrated group of stockholders own a significant percentage of our Common Stock, it may be more difficult for a third party to acquire us and could depress our stock price .

In general, the Board may authorize, without a vote of our stockholders, an issuance of one or more additional series of preferred stock that have more than one vote per share. Without these restrictions, our Board could issue preferred stock to investors who support us and our management and give effective control of our business to our management. Additionally, issuance of preferred stock could block an acquisition resulting in both a drop in our stock price and a decline in interest of our Common Stock. This could make it more difficult for shareholders to sell their Common Stock. This could also cause the market price of our Common Stock shares to drop significantly, even if our business is performing well.

A small group of 8 stockholders, including our management, controls approximately 50% of our outstanding voting power as of March 15, 2022 and therefore is able to exert  a  significant  amount  of  influence  over  our  management  and  affairs  and  all  matters  requiring  stockholder  approval,  including  significant  corporate  transactions. These stockholders may have interests that differ from yours, and they may vote in a way with which you disagree and that may be adverse to your interests. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing any change in control transaction, and by limiting the number of shares of our stock traded in public markets could adversely affect liquidity and price of our Common Stock.

## ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

None.

Table of Contents

## ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

We do not currently own any properties.

Our corporate headquarters are located in New York, New York, where we lease WeWork office space at 500 7 th  Avenue as needed. We do not currently have other leased offices.

Apart  from  disruptions  caused  by  COVID-19,  all  of  our  senior  executives  including  our  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  Executive  Chairman,  Chief  Financial  Officer, President and Chief Operating Office, and Chief Technology Officer work remotely.

We believe that our facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that, should it be needed, suitable space will be available to accommodate any such expansion of our operations.

## ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

From time-to-time, we may be a party to, or otherwise involved in, legal proceedings arising in the normal course of business.  The nature of our business ordinarily results in a certain amount of pending as well as threatened claims, litigation, investigations, regulatory and legal and administrative cases, matters and proceedings, all of which are considered incidental to the normal conduct of business. When we determine we determine that we have meritorious defenses to the claims asserted, we vigorously defend ourselves. We consider settlement of cases when, in management's judgment, it is in the best interests of both the Company and its shareholders to do so.

Recruiter.com Group, Inc. v. BKR Strategy Group. We are currently pursuing two related collections matters against BKR Strategy Group. Since 2013, BKR Strategy Group has provided talent acquisition strategy and services to top companies. Starting in the third quarter of 2021, BKR Strategy Group subcontracted Recruiter.com to perform on-demand recruiter services on behalf of BKR Strategy Group's clients. Although payments for services rendered were initially received in a timely fashion, BKR Strategy Group's balance grew throughout the third and fourth quarters of 2021. This led to BKR Strategy Group executing a Promissory Note with a payment schedule for $500,000 on November 30, 2021 with a personal guarantee from BKR's business principal as part of the promissory note. After failing to meet the payment schedule and after repeated attempts to collect the balance due, we retained the law firm of Berkovitch &amp; Bouskila, PLLC and filed two lawsuits against BKR Strategy Group on February 18, 2022, the first, to collect on unpaid invoices and the second, to enforce the promissory note, for a total sum of $1,400,000.  On March 24, 2022, BKR Strategy Group made a counterclaim against us for $500,000 on the grounds of alleged overbilling.  Management denies the basis for the counterclaim and expects to vigorously defend itself from this counterclaim.

## ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES

Not Applicable.

Table of Contents

29

30

## PART II

## ITEM  5.  MARKET  FOR  REGISTRANT'S  COMMON  EQUITY,  RELATED  STOCKHOLDER  MATTERS  AND  ISSUER  PURCHASES  OF  EQUITY SECURITIES

## Market Information

Our Common Stock trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol 'RCRT.'

## Holders

The number of shareholders of record of our Common Stock, as of March 15, 2022 was approximately 611 recordholders. This is not the actual number of beneficial owners of our Common Stock, as shares are held in 'street name' by brokers and others on behalf of individual owners.  As of March 15, 2022, there was 1 holder of record of our Series E Convertible Preferred Stock.

## Dividends

To date, we have not paid cash dividends on our Common Stock and do not plan to pay such dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Board will determine our future dividend policy on the basis of many factors, including results of operations, capital requirements, and general business conditions. Dividends, under the Nevada Revised Statutes, may only be paid from our net profits or surplus. To date, we have not had a fiscal year with net profits and, subject to a valuation by the Board of the present value of the Company's assets, do not have surplus.

## Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities

We have previously disclosed all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933.

## Repurchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Table of Contents

## ITEM 6. RESERVED

## ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

This Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ('MD&amp;A') describes the matters that we consider to be important to understanding the results of our operations for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, and our capital resources and liquidity as of December 31, 2021 and 2020. Our fiscal year begins on January 1 and ends on December 31. We analyze the results of our operations for the last two years, including the  trends  in  the  overall  business  followed  by  a  discussion  of  our  cash  flows  and  liquidity,  and  contractual  commitments.  We  then  provide  a  review  of  the  critical accounting judgments and estimates that we have made that we believe are most important to an understanding of our MD&amp;A and our consolidated financial statements. We conclude our MD&amp;A with information on recent accounting pronouncements which we adopted during the year, as well as those not yet adopted that are expected to have an impact on our financial accounting practices.

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto, all included elsewhere herein. The forwardlooking statements in this section and other parts of this document involve risks and uncertainties including statements regarding our plans, objectives, goals, strategies, and financial performance. Our actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of factors set forth under the caption 'Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995' below and as a result of certain factors, including but not limited to those set forth in 'Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors'. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a 'safe harbor' for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of the Company.

## Overview

We operate an on-demand recruiting platform aimed to disrupt the $136 billion recruiting and staffing industry. Recruiter.com combines an online hiring software solution with on-demand recruiting services. Businesses of all sizes recruit talent faster using the Recruiter.com platform, which is powered by AI Software and a network of professional recruiters.

We help businesses accelerate and streamline their recruiting and hiring processes by providing on-demand recruiting services and technology. We leverage our network of recruiters to place recruiters on a project basis, aided by cutting edge artificial intelligence-based candidate sourcing, matching and video screening technologies. We operate a cloud-based scalable software for professional hiring, which provides prospective employers access to a rich and diverse data set of prospective candidates.

Our mission is to become a preferred solution for hiring specialized talent.

## Operating Businesses and Revenue

We generate revenue from the following activities:

- Software Subscriptions :  We offer a subscription to our web-based platforms that help employers recruit talent. Our platforms allow our customers to source, contact, screen and sort candidates using data science, advanced email campaigning tools, and predictive analytics. As part of our software subscriptions, we offer enhanced support packages and on-demand recruiting support services for an additional fee. Additional fees may be charged when we place a candidate with our customer,  depending  on  the  subscription  type.  In  such  cases,  if  the  candidate  ceases  to  be  employed  by  the  customer  during  the  initial  90  days  (the  90-day guarantee), we refund the customer in full for all fees paid by the customer.

32

## Table of Contents

- Recruiters on Demand: Consists of a consulting and staffing service specifically for the placement of professional recruiters, which we market as Recruiters on Demand. Recruiters on Demand is a flexible, time-based solution that provides businesses of all sizes access to recruiters on an outsourced, virtual basis for help with their hiring needs. As with other consulting and staffing solutions, we procure for our employer clients qualified professional recruiters, and then place them on assignment with our employer clients. We derive revenue from Recruiters on Demand by billing the employer clients for the placed recruiters' ongoing work at an  agreed-upon,  time-based  rate.  We  directly  source  recruiter  candidates  from  our  network  of  recruiters.  In  addition,  we  also  offer  talent  planning,  talent

31

·

·

assessment, strategic guidance, and organizational development services, which we market as our 'Talent Effectiveness' practice. Companies prepay for a certain number of consulting hours at an agreed-upon, time-based rate. We source and provide the independent consultants that provide the service.

Full-time Placement: Consists of providing referrals of qualified candidates to employers to hire staff for full-time positions. We generate full-time placement revenue by earning one-time fees for each time that employers hire one of the candidates that we refer. Employers alert us of their hiring needs through our Platform, or other communications. We source qualified candidate referrals for the employers' available jobs through independent recruiter users that access the Platform and other tools. We support and supplement the independent recruiters' efforts with dedicated internal employees we call our internal talent delivery team. Our talent delivery team selects and delivers candidate profiles and resumes to our employer clients for their review and ultimate selection. Upon the employer hiring  one  or  more  of  our  candidate  referrals,  we  earn  a  'full-time  placement  fee',  an  amount  separately  negotiated  with  each  employer  client.  The  full-time placement fee is typically either a percentage of the referred candidates' first year base salary or an agreed-upon flat fee.

Marketplace: Our  Marketplace  category  comprises  services  for  businesses  and  individuals  that  leverage  our  online  presence  and  career  communities.  For businesses, this includes job postings, sponsorship of digital newsletters, online content promotion, social media distribution, banner advertising, and other branded electronic communications, such as in our quarterly digital publication on recruiting trends and issues. We earn revenue by completing agreed upon marketing related deliverables and milestones using pricing and terms set by mutual agreement with the customer. In some cases, we earn a percentage of revenue a business receives from attracting new clients by advertising on the Platform. Companies can also pay us to post job openings on our proprietary job boards to promote open job positions they are trying to fill. In addition to our work with direct clients, we categorize all online advertising and affiliate marketing revenue as Marketplace revenue.

For individuals, Marketplace includes services to assist with career development and advancement, including a resume distribution service that promotes these job seekers' profiles and resumes to help with their procuring employment, upskilling, and training. Our resume distribution service allows a job seeker to upload their resume to our database, which we then distribute to our network of recruiters on the Platform. We earn revenue from a one-time flat fee for this service. We also offer  a  recruiter  certification  program  that  encompasses  our  recruitment  related  training  content,  which  we  make  accessible  through  our  online  learning management system. Customers of the recruiter certification program use a self-managed system to navigate through a digital course of study. Upon completion of the program, we issue a certificate of completion and make available a digital badge to certify their achievement for display on their online recruiter profile on the Platform. Additionally, we partner with Careerdash, a high-quality training company, to provide Recruiter.com Academy, an immersive training experience for career changers.

- Consulting and Staffing: Consists of providing consulting and staffing personnel services to employers to satisfy their demand for long- and short-term consulting and temporary employee needs. We generate revenue by first referring qualified personnel for the employer's specific talent needs, then placing such personnel with the employer, but with our providers acting as the employer of record for us, and finally, billing the employer for the time and work of our placed personnel on an ongoing basis. Our process for finding candidates for consulting and staffing engagements largely mirrors our process for full-time placement hiring. This process includes employers informing us of open consulting and temporary staffing opportunities and projects, sourcing qualified candidates through the Platform and other similar means, and, finally, the employer selecting our candidates for placement after a process of review and selection. We bill these employer clients for our placed candidates' ongoing work at an agreed-upon, time-based rate, typically on a weekly schedule of invoicing.

33

## Table of Contents

We have a sales team and sales partnerships with direct employers as well as Vendor Management System companies and Managed Service companies that help create sales channels for clients that buy staffing, direct hire, and sourcing services. Once we have secured the relationship and contract with the interested Enterprise customer, the delivery and product teams will provide the service to fulfill any or all of the revenue segments.

The costs of our revenue primarily consist of employee costs, third-party staffing costs and other fees, outsourced recruiter fees and commissions based on a percentage of our gross margin.

## 2021 Business Update

Our focus during 2021 comprised many areas to help improve our organizational structure, financial position, and corporate governance. Additionally, we continued investing and partnering to expand our service offerings and client and candidate reach. We also supplemented our internal efforts with a focus on acquisitions to help add scale, management talent, and technology. All the while, we shared our progress with media outreach and a focused investor relations effort.

## Key Highlights include:

## Corporate Organization

- Listed on the Nasdaq as of July 2, 2021;
- Expanded the Board of Directors with the appointments of Robert Heath and Steven Pemberton; and
- Appointed Angela Copeland as Vice President of Marketing and Xuan Smith as Chief Technology Officer.

## Investment and Expansion of Offerings

- Integrated advanced artificial intelligence (AI) powered candidate sourcing technology to create what we believe is the first platform in the world to offer recruiters access to both jobs and AI-matched candidates;
- Announced the launch of Recruiter.com's Job Market Platform on the SAP App Center, the digital marketplace for SAP partner offerings;
- Launched Recruiters on Demand solution, offering clients the flexible hiring of recruiters to augment hiring efforts and secured notable clients;

34

## Table of Contents

- Launched a new on-demand Video Screening Platform that offers rapid recording and scalable management of candidate video resumes;
- Integrated the Recruiter.com Job Market Platform with the ADP digital marketplace; and
- Achieved a first milestone of growing a large client account to placing approximately 100 people on-site.

## Partnerships/Acquisitions

Since December 31, 2020, we entered into the following partnerships or made the following acquisitions:

- Announced a partnership to bring on-demand hiring services to the WeWork startup ecosystem through the Recruiter.com Flex membership and to offer WeWork All Access, a monthly membership that unlocks access to workspace worldwide, to Recruiter.com's customers.
- Partnered with KarmaCheck in order to bring innovative and streamlined candidate screening tools to the growing Recruiter.com Marketplace.
- Formed a strategic partnership with Beeline, a global leader in software solutions for managing the extended workforce, to bring to market a unique, diversity-focused network of recruiters to Beeline customers;
- Formed a partnership with DVBE Connect, an award winning, disabled veteran-owned recruiting and staffing company, to build a curated on-demand team of veteran recruiters; and
- Delivered innovative recruiting solutions for the healthcare industry by partnering with hospitals and leading healthcare recruiting companies to work to fill many registered nursing positions.
- Acquired five technology companies.

## Table of Contents

- Announced the 'Enterprise Plan' for Recruiters on Demand. The 'Enterprise Plan' is designed to help employers hire ten or more full-time recruiters, as the demand for recruiting and talent acquisition professionals continues to soar.
- Launched Amplify, an artificial  intelligence  ("AI")  powered  solution  for  proactive  candidate  outreach.  Amplify  leverages  Recruiter.com  AI  software  to search and market to passive candidates, transforming job posting into an active talent identification and engagement process.
- Announced partnership with Deel, a platform that streamlines worldwide compliance and payments for international teams, which recently raised $425 million at a valuation of $5.5 billion, empowering companies to hire contractors and employees globally.
- Announced an agreement with Raise Recruiting. The Company and Raise will work together on a joint partnership that will involve the transfer of certain assets, clients, and services for mutual benefit.
- Throughout  2020  and  2021,  appeared  on  CNBC  on  multiple  occasions  to  discuss  results  of  the  Recruiter  Index,  Recruiter.com's  proprietary  survey  of recruiter sentiment on the job market and hiring and recruiting demand. Most recently, Evan Sohn appeared on CNBC on February 7, 2021 to discuss the conditions of the job market.
- Joined forces with Revelio to release recruiting predictions for 2022, which include remote or hybrid work becoming the new normal, work-from-anywhere morphing into hire-from-anywhere, a tight job market, and diversity continuing to be a focus.
- Quoted in top-tier publications such as The Wall Street Journal, Business Insider, CNN, Forbes, and the Business Journals.

36

## Media

## Table of Contents

- Received recognition for career communities with Mediabistro being named one of the best career sites to post jobs online by the NYPost and Scouted named one of the ten best job search websites of 2022 by Balance Careers.

## Results of Operations

## Revenue

Our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $22.2 million compared to $8.5 million for the prior year representing an increase of $13.7 million or 161%. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in our Recruiters on Demand business of $10.4 million or 1079% due to contributions from acquisitions as well as significant growth in new customers. Additionally, we launched Software Subscriptions during 2021 which contributed $1.4 million in new revenue, which had no contribution in 2020. We also had an increase in Permanent Placement fees of $574 thousand or 111% from increased demand for services to support client hiring needs. We also had an increase in our Marketplace Solutions revenue of $391 thousand or 117% from contributions from recent acquisitions as well as growth in new customers. We also had an increase in our Consulting and Staffing business of $885 thousand or 13% from internal growth from some of our long- term customers as well as new customers.

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $14.9 million, which included related party costs of $599 thousand, compared to $6.1 million in the prior year which included related party costs of $1.4 million. This increase resulted primarily from an increase in compensation expense to support revenue growth, third party staffing costs and other fees related to the recruitment and staffing businesses acquired, as well as costs for contract recruiters supporting the Recruiters on Demand business.

Our gross profit for 2021 was $7.3 million which produced a gross profit margin of 33%. In 2020 our gross profit was $2.4 million which produced a gross profit margin of 28%. The increase in the gross profit margin from 2020 to 2021 reflects the shift in the mix in sales for the period as all areas of our business grew faster and have higher gross margins than our staffing business.

35

## Operating Expenses

We had total operating expenses of $24.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to $9.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase was primarily due to higher product development and general and administrative expense, a goodwill impairment expense related to the Genesys asset purchase, higher amortization  of  intangibles  expense  to  $2.7  million  from  $687  thousand,  and  an  increase  to  bad  debt  expense  to  $928  thousand.  The  increase  in  bad  debt  expense primarily relates to a one-time reserve for a customer for $650 thousand due to the customer's lack of payment. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for more details.

## Sales and Marketing

Our sales and marketing expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was $472 thousand compared to $83 thousand for the prior year, which reflects an increase in personnel, advertising, and marketing expense to help drive growth in our business.

## Product Development

Our product development expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased to $1.2 million from $300 thousand for the prior year. This increase is attributable to the continued investment in our product offerings. The product development expense in 2021 included approximately $162 thousand paid to Recruiter.com Mauritius, a related party. In 2020, product development expense included $235 thousand paid to Recruiter.com Mauritius.

## Amortization of Intangibles and Impairment Expense

For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a non-cash amortization charge of $2.7 million as compared to $687 thousand for the corresponding period in 2020. The amortization expense increase is a direct result of the acquisitions of intangible assets that occurred in 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred an impairment charge of $2.5 million related to the goodwill from the 2019 acquisition of Genesys.

## General and Administrative

General and administrative expense include compensation-related costs for our employees dedicated to general and administrative activities, legal fees, audit and tax fees, consultants and professional services, and general corporate expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2021, our general and administrative expense was $17.3 million including $5.4 million of non- cash stock-based compensation and $928 thousand in bad debt expense. In 2020, our general and administrative expense was $8.0 million, including  $3.2  million  of  non-cash  stock-based  compensation.  This  increase  is  also  attributable  to  increases  in  compensation,  supporting  the  growth  in  our  business primarily employees from our recent acquisitions in 2021.

## Other Income (Expense)

Other income (expense) for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted of other income of $610 thousand compared to other expense of $10.3 million in 2020. The primary reason for the decrease in expense of $10.9 million is due to non-cash income of $7.3 million resulting from a change in the fair value of the derivative liability from our outstanding warrants as compared to $2.7 million of expense in the prior year. As our common stock price increases, we incur an expense and contrarily if our common stock decreases, we recognize other income. Additionally, in 2021 we had $0 change in derivative value due to anti-dilution adjustments as compared to an expense of $2.6 million in the prior year period. Other income was partially offset by an increase in primarily non-cash interest expense of $3.1 million reflecting the debt discount amortization and finance costs from the convertible note financings completed in May and September of 2020 and January of 2021.

## Net loss

In the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred a net loss of $16.3 million compared to a net loss of $17.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2020.

38

## Table of Contents

## Definition of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The following discussion and analysis includes both financial measures in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, or GAAP, as well as non-GAAP financial measures. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company's performance, financial position, or cash flows that either excludes or includes amounts that are not normally included or excluded in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed as supplemental to and should not be considered as alternatives to net income, operating income, and cash flow from operating activities, liquidity or any other financial measures. They may not be indicative of our historical operating results of Recruiter, nor are they intended to be predictive of potential future results. Investors should not consider non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as substitutes for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP.

Our management uses and relies on EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, which are non-GAAP financial measures. We believe that both management and shareholders benefit from referring to the following non-GAAP financial measures in planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. Our management uses these non-GAAP financial measures in evaluating its financial and operational decision making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparison. Our management recognizes that the non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations because of the described excluded items.

We define Adjusted EBITDA as earnings (or loss) from continuing operations before the items in the table below. Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure of our operating performance because it allows management, investors and analysts to evaluate and assess our core operating results from period-to-period after removing the impact of items of a non-operational nature that affect comparability.

We have included a reconciliation of our non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. We believe that providing the non-GAAP financial measures, together with the reconciliation to GAAP, helps investors make comparisons between our results and other companies. In making any comparisons to other companies, investors need to be aware that companies use different  non-GAAP measures to evaluate their financial  performance. Investors should pay close attention to the specific definition being used and to the reconciliation between such measure and the corresponding GAAP measure provided by each company under applicable SEC rules.

The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EBITDA:

| Year Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Net loss  $  (16,334,615)   $  (17,036,837)  Interest expense and finance cost, net  3,137,050  2,022,113   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Depreciation &amp; amortization  2,742,162  687,845  EBITDA (loss)  (10,455,403)  (14,326,879)  Bad debt expense  927,847  12,000  Forgiveness of debt income  (24,925)  (376,177)  Warrant modification expense  12,624  -  Initial derivative expense  3,585,983  3,340,554  Change in derivative value due to anti-dilution adjustments  -  2,642,175  Loss (gain) on change in fair value of derivative  (7,315,580)  2,658,261  Impairment expense  2,530,325  -  Stock-based compensation  5,400,975  3,212,772  Adjusted EBITDA (Loss)  $  (5,338,154)   $  (2,837,294)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

## Liquidity and Capital Resources

For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was $9.0 million, compared to net cash used in operating activities of $2.5 million for 2020. The  increase  in  cash  used  in  operating  activities  was  attributable  to  the  increase  in  operating  expenses  outlined  previously  supporting  the  investments  to  grow  our business. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net loss was $16.3 million. Net loss includes non-cash items of depreciation and amortization expense of $2.7 million, bad debt expense of $928 thousand, gain on forgiveness of debt of $25 thousand, equity-based compensation expense of $5.4 million, recognized loss on marketable securities of $1,424, loan principal paid directly through grant of $2,992, amortization of debt discount and debt costs of $2.5 million, initial derivative expense of $3.6 million, impairment expense of $2.5 million, and a positive change in fair value of derivative liability of $7.3 million.  The bad debt expense primarily relates to a onetime reserve for a customer for $650 thousand due to the customer's lack of payment. See Item 3. Legal Proceedings for more details. Changes in operating assets and liabilities  include  primarily  the  following:  accounts  receivable  increased  by  $4.7  million  and  prepaid  expenses  and  other  current  assets  increased  by  $74  thousand. Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, deferred payroll taxes, other liabilities, and deferred revenue increased in total by $1.7 million.

For 2021, cash used in investing activities was $2.2 million as a result of cash paid for acquisitions, compared to $33 thousand of cash used in investing activities in 2020 principally due to cash paid to acquire customer contracts.

In 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was $13.7 million. The principal factors were $2.2 million from the sale of convertible notes, net of original issue discounts and offering costs, $250 thousand proceeds from notes, $13.8 million gross proceeds from the sale of common stock and warrants, offset by $1.7 million of offering costs, $78 thousand in deferred offering costs, $724 thousand in payments of notes, and $11 thousand in repayments of sale of future revenues. In the 2020 period, financing activities provided $2.4 million, primarily due to $2.5 million from the sale of convertible notes, net of original issue discounts and offering costs.

Based on cash on hand as of March 24, 2022 of approximately $1,440,000, we do not have the capital resources to meet our working capital needs for the next 12 months.

Our consolidated financial statements are prepared using generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America applicable to a going concern, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. We incurred net losses and negative operating cash flows since inception. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a net loss of $16.3 million. We have not yet established an ongoing source of revenue that is sufficient to cover our operating costs and allow us to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent on us obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until we become profitable.

Our historical operating results indicate substantial doubt exists related to our ability to continue as a going concern. We can give no assurances that any additional capital that  we are able to obtain, if any, will be sufficient to meet our needs, or that any such financing will be obtainable on acceptable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate capital, we could be forced to cease operations or substantially curtail our commercial activities. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities should we be unable to continue as a going concern.

To date, equity offerings have been our primary source of liquidity and we expect to fund future operations through additional securities offerings. We have also entered into arrangements with factoring companies to receive advances against certain future accounts receivable in order to supplement our liquidity.

## Table of Contents

## Financing Arrangements

## Term Loans

We had outstanding balances of $50,431 and $77,040 pursuant to two term loans as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which mature in 2023. The loans have variable interest rates, with current rates at 6.0% and 7.76%, respectively. Current monthly payments under the loans are $1,691 and $1,008, respectively. We paid off the outstanding balance of both of these loans in February 2022.

## Paycheck Protection Program Loan

During 2021 our remaining loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the CARES Act in the amount of $24,750 was forgiven.

## Common Stock Offering

We closed an underwritten public offering pursuant to a Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended, on July 2, 2021, which was declared effective by the SEC on June 29, 2021. The gross proceeds to us from the underwritten public offering, before deducting underwriting discount, the underwriters' fees and expenses and our estimated expenses, were $13.8 million.

## Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Debentures

In May and June 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, effective May 28, 2020 (the 'May Purchase Agreement') with several accredited investors (the 'May Purchasers'). Four of the investors had previously invested in our preferred stock. Pursuant to the May Purchase Agreement, we sold to the May Purchasers a total of (i) $2,953,125 in the aggregate principal amount of 12.5% Original Issue Discount Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Debentures (the 'May Debentures'), and

(ii) 738,282 common stock purchase warrants, which represents 100% warrant coverage. We also agreed to issue to the placement agent, Joseph Gunnar &amp; Co., LLC, as additional compensation, 147,657 common stock purchase warrants exercisable at $5.00 per share.

Our obligations under the May Debentures were secured by a first priority lien on all of our assets and our subsidiaries' assets, subject to certain existing senior liens. Our obligations under the May Debentures were guaranteed by our subsidiaries.

On January 5, 2021, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, effective January 5, 2021 (the 'January Purchase Agreement'), with two accredited investors (the 'January Purchasers'). Pursuant to the January Purchase Agreement, we agreed to sell to the January Purchasers a total of (i) $562,500 in the aggregate principal amount of 12.5% Original Issue Discount Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Debentures (the 'January Debentures'), and (ii) 140,625 common stock purchase warrants which represents 100% warrant coverage.

On  January  20,  2021,  the  Company  entered  into  a  Securities  Purchase  Agreement,  (the  'Follow-on  Purchase  Agreement')  with  eighteen  accredited  investors  (the 'Follow-on  Purchasers').  Pursuant  to  the  Follow-on  Purchase  Agreement,  we  agreed  to  sell  to  the  Follow-on  Purchasers  a  total  of  (i)  $2,236,500  in  the  aggregate principal amount of 12.5% Original Issue Discount Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Debentures (the 'Follow-on Debentures'), and (ii) 557,926 common stock purchase warrants, which represents 100% warrant coverage. Gunnar acted as placement agent for the offering of the Follow-on Debentures.

On July 2, 2021, we issued 1,489,437 shares of common stock upon the conversion of $5,588,359 of principal amount outstanding under the May Debentures, the January Debentures, and the Follow-on Debentures, which was the total principal amount outstanding, $115,593 of accrued interest through July 2, 2021, and a penalty amount of $253,767 on the May Debentures, which extinguished the May Debentures, the January Debentures, and the Follow-on Debentures.

On July 2, 2021, the number of placement agent warrants issued in 2020 and 2021 to Gunnar was reduced, from 287,606 to 36,364, and the exercise price was increased to $6.25.

## Table of Contents

## Promissory Notes Payable

We received $250,000 in proceeds from an institutional investor pursuant to a promissory note issued on May 6, 2021. The note bears interest at 12% per year and matures on May 6, 2023.

We issued a promissory note in the original principal amount of $1.75 million pursuant to the Parrut acquisition agreement dated July 7, 2021. The note amortizes over 24 months, bears interest at 6% and matures on July 1, 2023.

We issued  a  promissory  note  in  the  original  principal  amount  of  $3.0  million  pursuant  to  the  Novo  Group  acquisition  agreement  dated  August  27,  2021.  The  note amortizes over 30 months, bears interest at 6% and matures on February 1, 2024.

## Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

None.

## Critical Accounting Estimates and Recent Accounting Pronouncements

## Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ('GAAP') requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management's estimates and assumptions. Included in these estimates are assumptions used to estimate collection of accounts receivable, fair value of available for sale securities, fair value of assets acquired in an asset acquisition and the estimated useful life of assets acquired, fair value of derivative liabilities, fair value of securities issued for acquisitions, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the business combination, fair value of intangible assets and goodwill, valuation of lease liabilities and related right of use assets, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, and valuation of stock based compensation expense.

## Revenue Recognition

## Policy

We recognize revenue in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board's ('FASB'), Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ('ASC 606'). Revenues are recognized when control is transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration we expect to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer;  (ii)  identification  of  the  performance  obligations  in  the  contract;  (iii)  determination  of  the  transaction  price;  (iv)  allocation  of  the  transaction  price  to  the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied.

## Table of Contents

Revenues as presented on the statement of operations represent services rendered to customers less sales adjustments and allowances.

Software subscription revenues are recognized over the term of the subscription for access to services and/or our web-based platform. Revenue is recognized monthly over  the  subscription  term.  Talent  effectiveness  subscription  revenues  are  recognized  over  the  term  of  the  subscription  when  services  are  provided.  Any  payments received prior to the time passing to provide the subscription services are recorded as a deferred revenue liability. Revenue generated from the enhanced support package and  on-demand  support  are  recognized  at  the  point-in-time  when  the  service  is  provided.  Revenue  generated  from  placement  fees  that  are  related  to  the  software subscription are recognized at the point-in-time when the 60 or 90-day guarantee expires.

Recruiters on Demand services are billed to clients as either monthly subscriptions or time-based billings. Revenues for Recruiters on Demand are recognized on a gross basis  when each monthly subscription service is completed. Talent Effectiveness consulting services are billed to clients upfront for a period of months. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis monthly over the period the consulting services are provided.

Full time placement revenues are recognized on a gross basis when the guarantee period specified in each customer's contract expires. No fees for direct hire placement services are charged to the employment candidates. Any payments received prior to the expiration of the guarantee period are recorded as a deferred revenue liability. Payments for recruitment services are typically due within 90 days of completion of services.

Marketplace  Solutions  revenues  are  recognized  either  on  a  gross  basis  when  the  advertising  is  placed  and  displayed  or  when  lead  generation  activities  and  online publications are completed, which is the point at which the performance obligations are satisfied. Payments for marketing and publishing are typically due within 30 days of completion of services.

Marketplace advertising revenues are recognized on a gross basis when the advertising is placed and displayed or when lead generation activities and online publications are  completed,  which  is  the  point  at  which  the  performance  obligations  are  satisfied.  Payments  for  marketing  and  publishing  are  typically  due  within  30  days  of completion of services. Job posting revenue is recognized at the end of the period the job is posted. Marketplace career services revenues are recognized on a gross basis upon distribution of resumes or completion of training courses, which is the point at which the performance obligations are satisfied. Payments for career services are typically due upon distribution or completion of services.

Consulting and Staffing Services revenues represent services rendered to customers less sales adjustments and allowances. Reimbursements, including those related to travel and out- of-pocket expenses, are also included in the net service revenues and equivalent amounts of reimbursable expenses are included in costs of revenue. We record substantially  all  revenue  on  a  gross  basis  as  a  principal  versus  on  a  net  basis  as  an  agent  in  the  presentation  of  this  line  of  revenues  and  expenses.  We  have concluded that gross reporting is appropriate because we have the task of identifying and hiring qualified employees, and our discretion to select the employees and establish their compensation and duties causes us to bear the risk for services that are not fully paid for by customers. Consulting and staffing revenues are recognized when the services are rendered by the temporary employees. Payroll and related taxes of certain employees that are placed on temporary assignment are outsourced to third party payors or related party payors. The payors pay all related costs of employment for these employees, including workers' compensation insurance, state and federal unemployment taxes, social security and certain fringe benefits. We assume the risk of acceptability of the employees to customers. Payments for consulting and staffing services are typically due within 90 days of completion of services.

Deferred revenue results from transactions in which we have been paid for services by customers, but for which all revenue recognition criteria have not yet been met. Once all revenue recognition criteria have been met, the deferred revenues are recognized.

Sales tax collected is recorded on a net basis and is excluded from revenue.

## Goodwill

Goodwill is comprised of the purchase price of business combinations in excess of the fair value assigned at acquisition to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized. We test goodwill for impairment for its reporting units on an annual basis, or when events occur, or circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value.

## 43

## Table of Contents

We perform our annual goodwill impairment assessment on December 31st of each year or as impairment indicators dictate.

When evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill, management first assess a range of qualitative factors, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for our products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors such as strategy and changes in key personnel, and the overall financial performance for each of our reporting units. If, after completing this assessment, it is determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value, we then proceed to the impairment testing methodology primarily using the income approach (discounted cash flow method).

We compare the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, with its fair value, as determined by its estimated discounted cash flows. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the amount of impairment to be recognized is recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value.

When required, we arrive at our estimates of fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology which includes estimates of future cash flows to be generated by specifically  identified  assets,  as  well  as  selecting  a  discount  rate  to  measure  the  present  value  of  those  anticipated  cash  flows.  Estimating  future  cash  flows  requires significant judgment and includes making assumptions about projected growth rates, industry-specific factors, working capital requirements, weighted average cost of capital, and current and anticipated operating conditions. The use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows could produce different results.

## Long-lived assets

Long-lived  assets  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  the  book  value  of  the  asset  may  not  be  recoverable.  We periodically  evaluate  whether  events  and  circumstances  have  occurred  that  indicate  possible  impairment.  When  impairment  indicators  exist,  we  estimate  the  future undiscounted net cash flows of the related asset or asset group over the remaining life of the asset in measuring whether or not the asset values are recoverable.

## Derivative Instruments

Our derivative financial instruments consist of derivatives related to the warrants issued with the sale of our preferred stock in 2020 and 2019, and the warrants issued with the sale of convertible notes in 2020 and 2021. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that we record the derivatives at their fair values as of the inception date of the debt agreements and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, non-cash income or expense at each balance sheet date. If the fair value of the derivatives was higher at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded a non- operating, non-cash charge. If the fair value of the derivatives was lower at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded non-operating, non-cash income.

## Stock-Based Compensation

We account for all stock-based payment awards made to employees, directors and others based on their fair values and recognizes such awards as compensation expense over the vesting period for employees or service period for non-employees using the straight-line method over the requisite service period for each award as required by FASB ASC Topic No. 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation. If there are any modifications or cancellations of the underlying vested or unvested stock-based awards, we may be required to accelerate, increase, or cancel any remaining unearned stock-based compensation expense, or record additional expense for vested stock-based awards. Future stock-based compensation expense and unearned stock- based compensation may increase to the extent we grant additional stock options or other stockbased awards.

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

There have not been any recent changes in accounting pronouncements and ASU issued by the FASB that are of significance or potential significance to the Company except as disclosed below.

In  December  2019,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2019-12,  'Simplifying  the  Accounting  for  Income  Taxes.'  This  guidance,  among  other  provisions,  eliminates  certain exceptions  to  existing  guidance  related  to  the  approach  for  intraperiod  tax  allocation,  the  methodology  for  calculating  income  taxes  in  an  interim  period  and  the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. This guidance also requires an entity to reflect the effect of an enacted change in tax laws or rates in its effective income tax rate in the first interim period that includes the enactment date of the new legislation, aligning the timing of recognition of the effects from enacted tax law changes on the effective income tax rate with the effects on deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Under existing guidance, an entity recognizes the effects of the enacted tax law change on the effective income tax rate in the period that includes the effective date of the tax law. ASU 2019-12 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2019-12 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

In  May  2021,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2021-04,  'Earnings  Per  Share  (Topic  260),  Debt-Modifications  and  Extinguishments  (Subtopic  470-50),  Compensation-Stock Compensation  (Topic  718),  and  Derivatives  and  Hedging-Contracts  in  Entity's  Own  Equity  (Subtopic  815-40):  Issuer's  Accounting  for  Certain  Modifications  or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force)'. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this ASU would have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

45

## Table of Contents

See 'Part I - Item 1A. Risk Factors' for additional information regarding the risks and uncertainties that could affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. New risk factors emerge from time-to-time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any risk factor, or combination of risk factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forwardlooking statements. Except as otherwise required by applicable laws, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements or the risk factors described in this Annual Report, whether as a result of new information, future events, changed circumstances or any other reason after the date of this Annual Report.

## ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK

Not applicable.

## ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report.

## ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None.

## ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

## Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

## (a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, with the assistance of other members of our management, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a - 15(e) and 15d - 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the 'Exchange Act'), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on such evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer had concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting as identified below.

46

Table of Contents

## (b) Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth by  the  Committee  of  Sponsor  Organizations  of  the  Treadway  Commission  (COSO)  in  Internal  Control-Integrated  Framework  (2013  framework).  Based  on  that evaluation, as a result of the material weaknesses described below, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2021.

Although a material weakness identified as of December 31, 2019 (the lack of sufficient independent directors on our Board to maintain audit and other committees consistent with proper corporate governance standards) had been remediated as of December 31, 2021, management has determined that, as of that date, there were still material weaknesses in both the design and effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness in internal controls is a deficiency in internal control, or combination of control deficiencies, that adversely affects our ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, or report external financial data reliably in accordance with GAAP such that there is more than a remote likelihood that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements that is more than inconsequential will not be prevented or detected. In the course of making our assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting, we identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting.  Specifically, we lack a sufficient number of employees to properly segregate duties and provide adequate monitoring during the process leading to and including the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Accordingly, management's assessment is that our internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2021.

We anticipate that, prior to December 31, 2022, we will be able to hire a sufficient number of employees to remediate the material weakness identified in the previous paragraph.

## Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have worked to establish all the checks and balances needed for all financial areas of our business. We hired a consultant in mid-2020 to establish best practices and help us document and implement these. This consultant is a CPA and has a significant background in running the accounting and budgeting process for public companies. We began adopting these best practices during the fourth quarter of 2020. We retained an outsourced firm with a panel of CPA consultants in 2021 to assist in building internal controls and preparing financial reports.

This  Annual  Report  does  not  include  an  attestation  report  of  our  independent  registered  public  accounting  firm  regarding  internal  control  over  financial  reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC.

## ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None.

## ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTION

None.

Table of Contents

47

## PART III

## ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The following table provides information regarding our executive officers and directors:

| Name  Age  Positions  Executive Officers  Evan Sohn  54  Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer  Judy Krandel  56  Chief Financial Officer  Miles Jennings  44  President, Chief Operating Officer and Director  Xuan Smith  35  Chief Technology Officer  Josh McBride  43  Senior Vice President, AI Solutions  Non-Employee Directors  Deborah Leff  56  Director  Timothy O'Rourke  55  Director  Douglas Roth  53  Director  Wallace D.  Ruiz  70  Director  Steve Pemberton  54  Director  Robert Heath  61  Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Each of our directors currently holds a one-year term serving until our annual meeting of shareholders to be held in 2022.

## Executive Officers

Evan Sohn - Mr. Sohn has served as our Chief Executive Officer since July 2020 and our Chairman since April 2019. He served as Vice President of Sales at Veea Inc., a company offering a platform-as-a-service (PaaS) platform for computing, mobile payment, point of sale, and retail solutions, from April 2018 until June 2020 Prior to joining Veea Inc., from September 2015 to April 2018, Mr. Sohn served as the Vice President of Sales at Poynt Inc., a company developing and marketing Poynt, a platform  for  next  generation  payments.  Prior  to  that,  from  April  2012  to  September  2015,  Mr.  Sohn  was  the  Vice  President  of  Sales  at  VeriFone,  Inc.,  a  company designing, marketing, and servicing electronic payment systems. Mr. Sohn is also the co-founder and Vice President of the Sohn Conference Foundation, a non-for-profit dedicated to the treatment and cure of pediatric cancer and related childhood diseases. He is a graduate of the NYU Stern School of Business with a degree in computer information systems and management.

Miles Jennings - Mr. Jennings has served as our Chief Operating Officer and President since  2020. Prior to that, Mr. Jennings founded our Company and served as the Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Recruiter.com,  Inc.  from  2015  until  October  2017,  and  then  as  Chief  Executive  Officer  of  Truli  Technologies,  Inc.  and  its  subsidiary, VocaWorks, Inc., from then until March 2019, when Truli Technologies merged with Recruiter.com, Inc. Mr. Jennings served as Chief Executive Officer of the merged company, Recruiter.com Group, Inc. through July 1, 2020, when he moved into the role of President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Jennings currently serves on our Board. Mr. Jennings has worked in the recruiting and online recruiting industry since 2003 at employers including Modis, an Adecco division, and Indeed.com. He is a graduate of Trinity College in Hartford, CT with a degree in philosophy.

Judy Krandel, CFA Ms. Krandel has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2020. From November 2016 until December 2019, she served as Chief Financial Officer, and then Senior Business Development Consultant for PeerStream, Inc. From March 2012 until November 2016, Ms. Krandel was the Portfolio Manager for Juniper Investment Company, a small-cap hedge fund. Ms. Krandel spent the earlier part of her career as an equity analyst and portfolio manager focusing on small-cap public equities. She currently also sits on the board of directors of Lincoln First Bancorp, and served on the board of directors of Snap Interactive and Cynergistek in the digital media and healthcare cybersecurity industries. She is a graduate of the Wharton School of Business of the University of Pennsylvania with a degree in finance and the Booth School of Business of the University of Chicago with an MBA in finance and accounting.

Xuan Smith Mr. Smith has served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2022. He served as our Vice President throughout 2021. He joined us through the acquisition of Upsider, an artificial intelligence platform that adds data, intelligence, and automation into the candidate sourcing process, where he was the CTO and cofounder. Before founding Upsider, Mr. Smith spent almost a decade as an engineering leader and technical architect at PWC, Appirio (no WiPro), and Deloitte. He is a product-focused engineer and serial founder with deep experience in large-scale data platforms, machine learning, and building strategic products. He received his bachelor's degree from Stanford University.

Josh McBride - Mr. McBride joined Recruiter.com in March 2021 through the acquisition of Upsider, where he was the CEO and co-founder and currently serves as our Senior Vice President of AI Solutions. Upsider is an Artificial Intelligence Platform that adds more data, intelligence, and automation into the candidate sourcing process. Before founding Upsider, Mr. McBride was the SVP Sales and Business Development for social marketing platform Offerpop, which was among the 50 fastest-growing companies in the US during that time. Prior to Offerpop, Mr. McBride spent ten years at CheetahMail, most recently as VP Sales, helping them grow from a start-up to the largest company in their space with over $200M in recurring revenue. CheetahMail was acquired by Experian in 2004. Mr. McBride received his bachelor's degree from Wagner College in Marketing &amp; Finance.

## Table of Contents

## Non-Employee Directors

Timothy O'Rourke -  Mr.  O'Rourke  has  served  on  the  Board  since  March  2019.  Mr.  O'Rourke  was  designated  by  Genesys  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  the  Genesys Purchase.  Mr.  O'Rourke  has  served  as  the  Managing  Director  of  Icon  Information  Consultants,  LP,  a  provider  of  human  capital  solutions,  consulting,  payroll  and professional services, and a shareholder of Genesys, since February 2001. Mr. O'Rourke brings to the Board his experience and expertise in HR and recruitment solutions for employers. He is a graduate of the University of Houston with a degree in electrical engineering.

Douglas Roth - Mr. Roth has served on the Board since February 2018. Mr. Roth has been a Director and Investment Manager at Connecticut Innovations, Inc. since 2011 and is responsible for sourcing new investment opportunities, serving on the boards of portfolio companies, and supporting their growth and success. Mr. Roth was selected for appointment to the Board for his experience serving on the board of technology companies and the skills he gained from previously advising companies regarding product development and launch. He is a graduate of Boston University with an undergraduate degree in economics and mathematics as well as a master's degree in electrical engineering. He also has an MBA in entrepreneurial and strategic management from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.

Wallace D. Ruiz - Mr. Ruiz  has served on the Board since May 2018. Mr. Ruiz has served as the Chief Financial Officer of Inuvo, Inc. (NYSE: INUV), an advertising technology company based in Little Rock, AR since June 2010. Mr. Ruiz was selected for appointment to the Board for his experience with public companies as well as his accounting skills. Mr. Ruiz is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of New York. He is a graduate of St. John's University with a degree in computer science and Columbia University with a MBA in finance and accounting.

Deborah S. Leff Ms. Leff has served on the Board since August 2020. Ms. Leff has served as a Global Leader at IBM since October 2012 and most recently held the position of Global Industry CTO for Data Science and AI. Ms. Leff was selected for appointment to the Board for her experience with successfully implementing artificial intelligence and machine learning projects to drive strategic outcomes. Ms. Leff has worked with senior leaders of Fortune 1000 companies to gain critical insights from data to drive customer experience and optimize business operations. In addition, Ms. Leff has built and run global sales teams and brings experience and expertise in sales management and sales execution. Ms. Leff is also the Founder of Girls Who Solve, a STEM education program for high school girls that focuses on how data science and technology can be used to solve a range of challenges in both for-profit and nonprofit organizations.

Steve Pemberton - Mr. Pemberton has served on the Board since March 2021. Mr. Pemberton has served as chief human resources officer of Workhuman, a provider of cloud-based human capital management solutions since December 2017. In such capacity, Mr. Pemberton works with HR leaders and senior management executives worldwide to help build inspiring workplaces where every employee feels recognized, respected, and appreciated for who they are and what they do. He champions and promotes the Workhuman movement to inspire HR leaders to embrace more humanity and foster a sense of purpose in the workplace. Prior to joining Workhuman, Mr. Pemberton served as VP Diversity and Inclusion, Chief Diversity Officer at Walgreens Boots Alliance (and as Chief Diversity Officer at its predecessor Walgreens) from 2011 to 2017 and as VP, Chief Diversity Officer at Monster.com from 2005 to 2010. In 2015, Mr. Pemberton was appointed by United States Secretary of Labor Thomas Perez to serve on the Advisory Committee for the Competitive Integrated Employment of People with Disabilities. Mr. Pemberton earned his undergraduate and graduate degrees at Boston College and serves on several nonprofit boards, including UCAN and Disability:IN, in addition to his own A Chance in the World Foundation, the nonprofit he founded to help young people aging out of the foster care system.

49

## Table of Contents

Robert Heath Mr. Heath has served on the Board since March 2021. Mr. Heath is Executive Vice President at RPX Corporation, a provider of patent risk management solutions. Mr. Heath joined RPX in 2011 and served as the company's Chief Financial Officer, from 2015 to May 2017. During his tenure at RPX, Mr. Heath has been the principal  architect  of  some  of  the  industry's  largest  syndicated  licensing  transactions.  Before  coming  to  RPX,  he  served  as  Head  of  Strategy  and  Acquisitions  for Technicolor, a leading supplier of technology and services to media companies, where he oversaw an acquisition and divestiture program that refocused the company from consumer electronics to services and technology licensing. Prior to Technicolor, Mr. Heath served as Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer at iBahn, an Internet service provider to the hospitality industry. Earlier in his career, Mr. Heath worked as an investment banker, focusing on technology and growth companies at Kidder Peabody, SG Warburg and Robertson Stephens. Mr. Heath received his A.B. from Harvard University and his M.B.A. from the University of Chicago Booth School of Business.

## Family Relationships

There are no family relationships among our directors and/or executive officers.

## Board Committees

The  Board  currently  has  the  following  standing  committees:  the  Audit  Committee,  the  Compensation  Committee,  and  the  Corporate  Governance  and  Nominating Committee (the 'Nominating Committee').

The following table identifies the independent and non-independent current Board and committee members:

| Name  Audit  Compensation  Nominating  Independent  Evan Sohn  Miles Jennings  Deborah Leff  X  X  X  Timothy O'Rourke  Douglas Roth  X  Chairman  Chairman  X  Wallace D.  Ruiz  Chairman  X  X  X  Robert Heath  X  X  X  Steve Pemberton  X  X   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board and Committee Meetings

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board had four meetings, the Audit Committee had four meetings, the Compensation Committee had three meetings, and the Nominating Committee had no meetings.

There were no directors (who were incumbent at the time), who attended fewer than 75 percent of the aggregate total number of Board meetings and meetings of the Board committees of which the director was a member during the applicable period.

## Audit Committee

Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the system of internal controls. The Audit Committee reviews our financial reporting process on behalf of the Board and administers our engagement of the independent registered public accounting firm. The Audit Committee meets with the independent registered public accounting firm, with and without management present, to discuss the results of its examinations, the evaluations of our internal controls, and the overall quality of our financial reporting.

## Audit Committee Financial Expert

Our Board has determined that Mr. Ruiz is qualified as an Audit Committee Financial Expert, as that term is defined under the rules of the SEC and in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Table of Contents

## Compensation Committee

The function of the Compensation Committee is to determine the compensation of our executive officers. The Compensation Committee has the power to set performance targets  for  determining  annual  bonuses  payable  to  executive  officers  and  may  review  and  make  recommendations  with  respect  to  stockholder  proposals  related  to compensation matters.

## Nominating Committee

The responsibilities of the Nominating Committee include the identification of individuals qualified to become Board members, the selection of nominees to stand for election as directors, the oversight of the selection and composition of committees of the Board, establishing procedures for the nomination process, oversight of possible conflicts  of  interests  involving  the  Board  and  its  members,  developing  corporate  governance  principles,  and  the  oversight  of  the  evaluations  of  the  Board  and management. The Nominating Committee has not established a policy with regard to the consideration of any candidates recommended by stockholders. If we receive any stockholder recommended nominations, the Nominating Committee will carefully review the recommendation(s) and consider such recommendation(s) in good faith.

## Board Diversity

While we do not have a formal policy on diversity, our Board considers diversity to include the skill set, background, reputation, type and length of business experience of our  Board  members  as  well  as  a  particular  nominee's  contributions  to  that  mix.  Our  Board  believes  that  diversity  promotes  a  variety  of  ideas,  judgments  and considerations to the benefit of our Company and stockholders. Although there are many other factors, the Board primarily focuses on public company board experience, knowledge of the recruiting industry, or background in finance or technology, and experience operating growing businesses.

## Board Leadership Structure

Our Board has not adopted a formal policy regarding the separation of the offices of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. Rather, the Board believes that different leadership structures may be appropriate for our Company at different times and under different circumstances, and it prefers flexibility in making this decision based on its evaluation of the relevant facts at any given time.

Beginning in April 2019, following the completion of the Merger and the appointment of Mr. Evan Sohn as our Executive Chairman, we separated the offices of Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board. In July 2020, Mr. Sohn was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and retained his position as Chairman of the Board. Under our current Board leadership structure, the Chief Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day leadership our and performance. Mr. Miles Jennings, our Chief Operating Officer, focuses on allocation of resources, our recruiting business and the Platform and products, while facilitating strategic communication and high-quality investor relations.

## Board Role in Risk Oversight

Our Board bears responsibility for overseeing our risk management function. Our management keeps the Board apprised of material risks and provides to directors access to  all  information  necessary  for  them  to  understand  and  evaluate  the  effect  of  these  risks,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  on  our  business,  and  how  management addresses them. Our Executive Chairman works closely together with the Board once material risks are identified on how to best address such risks. If the identified risks present an actual or potential conflict with management, our independent directors may conduct the assessment.

## Table of Contents

## Code of Ethics

Our Board has adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer. Although not required, the Code of Ethics also applies to our directors. The Code of Ethics provides written standards that we believe are reasonably designed to deter wrongdoing  and  promote  honest  and  ethical  conduct,  including  the  ethical  handling  of  actual  or  apparent  conflicts  of  interest  between  personal  and  professional relationships, full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure and compliance with laws, rules and regulations, including insider trading, corporate opportunities and whistleblowing or the prompt reporting of illegal or unethical behavior. We will provide a copy of our Code of Ethics, without charge, upon request in writing to Recruiter.com Group, Inc. at 500 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York, 10018, Attention: Corporate Secretary.

## Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports

Section  16(a)  of  the  Exchange  Act  requires  our  directors,  executive  officers,  and  persons  who  own  more  than  10%  of  our  Common  Stock  to  file  initial  reports  of ownership and changes in ownership of our Common Stock with the SEC. These individuals are required by the regulations of the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of the forms furnished to us none of our directors, executive officers, and persons who own more than 10% of our Common Stock failed to comply with Section 16(a) filing requirements, except an unreported grant of stock options for each of Messrs. Sohn, Jennings, Pemberton, and Heath and Ms. Krandel, one late reported open market purchase by Mr. Sohn, one unreported open market purchase of units by Messrs. Ruiz and Heath in connection with our July 2021 underwritten public offering, and a late Form 3 filing for each of Messrs. Pemberton and Heath.

## Communication with our Board

Although we do not have a formal policy regarding communications with the Board, stockholders may communicate with the Board by writing to us at Recruiter.com Group, Inc., 500 W. Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10018, Attention: Corporate Secretary. Shareholders who would like their submission directed to a member of the Board may so specify, and the communication will be forwarded, as appropriate.

## ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

## Summary Compensation Table

The following information is related to all plan and non-plan compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid by us for the years ended December 31, 2021 and December 31,  2020  for  all  individuals  serving  as  our  principal  executive  officer  or  acting  in  a  similar  capacity  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2021,  and  our    two  most compensated executive officers, other than the principal executive officer, serving at December 31, 2021 whose total compensation exceeded $100,000 (the 'Named Executive Officers').

## Table of Contents

## Summary Compensation Table

| Name and Principal Position  Year  Salary  ($)  Bonus  ($)  Stock  Awards  ($)(1)  Option  Awards  ($)(1)  Non-Equity  Incentive Plan  Compensation  ($)  All Other  Compensation  ($)  Total ($)  Evan Sohn  2021  192,266  -  396,597  190,000  7,555(2)  786,418  Executive Chairman and Chief Executive  Officer (3)  2020  175,090  -  1,662,000  -  -  10,329(2)  1,847,419  Miles Jennings  2021  166,947  75,000  -  396,594  45,000  8,025(2)  691,566  President and Chief Operating Officer (4)  2020  171,231  -  -  -  -  18,416(2)  189,647  Judy Krandel  2021  132,000  -  -  446,564  25,000  -  603,564  Chief Financial Officer (5)  2020  43,350  -  -  1,143,209  -  -  1,186,559   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1) The amounts in this column represent the fair value of each award as of the grant date as computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and the SEC disclosure rules. Pursuant to SEC rules, the amounts shown disregard the impact of estimated forfeitures related to service-based vesting conditions and do not reflect the actual economic value realized by the Named Executive Officer. The assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value of stock awards and option awards may be found in Note 1 to our audited financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

(2) Represents the cost of health insurance not generally available on a non-discriminatory basis to all employees.

(3) Mr. Sohn has served as our Chief Executive Officer since June 2020.

(4) Mr. Jennings has served as our President and Chief Operating Officer since June 2020.  He served as Chief Executive Officer from October 2017 to June 2020.

(5) Ms. Krandel has served as our Chief Financial Officer since June 2020.

## Named Executive Officer Employment Agreements

## Jennings Agreement

On September 13, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved and we entered into a new employment agreement with Mr. Jennings (the 'Jennings Agreement'). Pursuant to the Jennings Agreement, Mr. Jennings will continue to serve as our President and Chief Operation Officer through December 31, 2023.

## Table of Contents

Pursuant to the Jennings Agreement, Mr. Jennings will be paid an annual base salary of $200,000 and is entitled to earn: (i) a bonus of up to 75% of the annual base salary, subject to achievement of profitability and revenue criteria as well as individual metrics, as determined by the Compensation Committee; (ii) performance-based equity awards of up to 350,000 restricted stock units ('Target RSUs'), a percentage which to be granted are subject to attainment of certain performance criteria tied to the volume weighted average price of our stock, and those Target RSUs that are awarded will vest, if at all, over a period of twenty-four (24) months commencing on the date on which the applicable Target RSUs are granted, in equal monthly increments, provided that Mr. Jennings remains employed by us on the vesting dates; and (iii) one-time long-term equity award of 100,000 stock options pursuant to our 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the '2017 Plan'), which stock options shall vest over twenty-four (24) months in equal monthly increments and have a strike price equal to the ten (10) trading day volume weighted average price prior to the date on which the stock options are granted.

In the event of termination of Mr. Jennings' employment by us other than for 'cause' or for 'good reason,' Mr. Jennings is entitled to receive the following benefits and rights: (i) accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered to the date of termination; (ii) accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under the Jennings Agreement; (iii) severance payment equal to twelve (12) months of base salary, plus an amount equal to the prior calendar year's declared bonus amount; (iv) eligibility of up to one year from the date of termination to exercise all such previously granted options, provided that in no event shall any option be exercisable beyond its term; and (v) equity awards previously granted to Mr. Jennings under the 2017 Plan or similar plan shall thereupon become fully vested, including the Target RSUs granted. The termination provisions are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Under the terms of the Jennings Agreement, Mr. Jennings is subject to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants for a period of one year following termination of the employment. The Jennings Agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants. The non-disparagement covenant applies during the term  of  the  agreement  and  at  all  times  thereafter,  and  the  confidentiality  covenant  applies  during  the  term  of  the  agreement  and  for  the  two-year  period  following termination of the employment.

## Sohn Agreement

On  September  13,  2021,  the  Compensation  Committee  approved  and  we  entered  into  a  new  employment  agreement  with  Mr.  Sohn  (the  'Sohn  Agreement').  In connection with the Sohn Agreement, Mr. Sohn will continue to serve as our Chief Executive Officer through December 31, 2023.

Pursuant to the Sohn Agreement, Mr. Sohn will be paid an annual base salary of $200,000 and is entitled to earn: (i) a bonus of up to 150% of the annual base salary, subject to achievement of profitability and revenue criteria as well as individual metrics, as determined by the Compensation Committee; (ii) performance-based equity awards of up to 700,000 restricted stock units ('Target RSUs'), a percentage which to be granted are subject to attainment of certain performance criteria tied to the volume weighted average price of the our stock, and those Target RSUs that are awarded will vest, if at all, over a period of twenty-four (24) months commencing on the date on which the applicable Target RSUs are granted, in equal monthly increments, provided that Mr. Sohn remains employed by us on the vesting dates; and (iii) onetime  long-term  equity  award  of  100,000  stock  options  pursuant  to  our  2017  Plan,  which  stock  options  shall  vest  over  twenty-four  (24)  months  in  equal  monthly increments and have a strike price equal to the ten (10) trading day volume weighted average price prior to the date on which the stock options are granted.

In the event of termination of Mr. Sohn's employment by us other than for 'cause' or for 'good reason,' Mr. Sohn is entitled to receive the following benefits and rights: (i) accrued but unpaid base salary for services rendered to the date of termination; (ii) accrued but unpaid expenses required to be reimbursed under the Sohn Agreement; (iii) severance payment equal to twelve (12) months of base salary, plus an amount equal to the prior calendar year's declared bonus amount; (iv) eligibility of up to one year from the date of termination to exercise all such previously granted options, provided that in no event shall any option be exercisable beyond its term; and (v) equity awards previously granted to Mr. Sohn under the 2017 Plan or similar plan shall thereupon become fully vested, including the Target RSUs granted. The termination provisions are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Code and the rules and regulations thereunder.

Under the terms of the Sohn Agreement, Mr. Sohn is subject to non-competition and non-solicitation covenants for a period of one year following termination of the employment. The Sohn Agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants. The non-disparagement covenant applies during the term of the agreement and at all times thereafter, and the confidentiality covenant applies during the term of the agreement and for the two-year period following termination of the employment.

## Table of Contents

## Krandel Employment Agreement

On September 13, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved and we entered into a new employment agreement with Ms. Judy Krandel (the 'Krandel Agreement'). In connection with the Krandel Agreement, Ms. Krandel will continue to serve as our Chief Financial Officer. During the employment period, Ms. Krandel's employment is at-will and may be terminated by either us or Ms. Krandel at any time, and for any reason.

Pursuant to the Krandel Agreement, Ms. Krandel will be paid an annual base salary of $200,000 and is entitled to earn: (i) a performance-based bonus of up to $50,000 per  year,  paid  quarterly,  subject  to  attainment  of  certain  financial  and  performance  criteria  by  us;  (ii)  matching  401K;  and  (iii)  reimbursement  for  approved  'out-ofpocket' expenses incurred in connection with employment.

In the event of termination of her employment, Ms. Krandel shall be entitled only to earned but unpaid compensation in accordance with the Krandel Agreement. In addition, pursuant to the Krandel Agreement, in the event we terminate the employment, Ms. Krandel shall be entitled to receive continuing payments of her base salary as in effect of the date of the termination during the period beginning with her termination through the three-month period following such termination (the 'Termination Severance'). Under the Krandel Agreement, the Termination Severance shall be Ms. Krandel's exclusive remedy for our termination.

Under the terms of the Krandel Agreement, Ms. Krandel is subject to a non-solicitation covenant for a period of two years following termination of the employment. The Krandel Agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-disparagement covenants. The non-disparagement covenant applies during the term of the agreement and at all times thereafter, and the confidentiality covenant applies during the term of the agreement and for the two-year period following termination of the employment.

## Executive Incentive Program

## Performance Bonuses

We have an annual executive cash incentive program.  For fiscal 2021, each of our named executive officers was eligible to receive an award under the annual executive cash incentive program as follows per the terms of their respective employment agreements:  (i) up to 150% of annual base salary for Mr. Sohn, (ii) up to 75% of annual base  salary  for  Mr.  Jennings,  and  (iii)  up  to  $50,000  for  Ms.  Krandel.    The  actual  amounts  earned  were  based  on  achievement  of  certain  profitability,  revenue  and individual goals for each of Messrs. Sohn and Jennings, and the achievement of certain financial and performance criteria by Ms. Krandel.  Only Mr. Sohn met individual goals related to completion of an uplisting of our common stock to the Nasdaq Capital Market, resulting in a payment of $100,000.

For fiscal 2020, each of our executive officers were eligible to receive an amount up to 100% of the maximum amount determined by the Compensation Committee for each executive officer, which maximums were $50,000 and $50,000 for Messrs. Sohn and Jennings respectively. The actual amount earned by each executive officer was based upon achievement of certain revenue (45% of total award), EBITDA (30% of total award) and number of recruiters on the Platform (25% of total award) targets. None of the targets were met for 2020 and no annual executive cash incentive payouts were made for 2020.

## Table of Contents

## Equity Awards

The Compensation Committee has the authority to grant discretionary equity awards to our executive officers, including our non-statutory stock options, under the 2017 Plan and our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan').

On May 14, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved the following grants to Ms. Krandel, stock options to purchase 10,435 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $6.25 per share, vesting over five months with one-sixth vesting upon grant; and (ii)stock options to purchase 172,500 shares of Common Stock, at an exercise price of $6.25, which vest over a 2 year period in equal quarterly installments on the last day of the third quarter of 2021, subject to serving as our Chief Financial Officer on each applicable vesting date. The stock options were granted under the 2017 Plan.

On August 31, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a grant of stock options to Ms. Krandel to purchase 100,000 shares of our Common Stock, upon signing a new employment agreement.  The agreement was signed and the options were granted on September 6, 2022, at an exercise price of $4.65 per share.  The options vested fully at the grant date. The stock options were granted under the 2021 Plan.

On June 17, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved a grant of 221,600 RSUs to Mr. Sohn subject to and issuable upon the listing of our Common Stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The RSUs vest over a 2 year period from the date of the uplisting in equal quarterly installments on the last day of the calendar quarter during which the uplisting takes place, subject to Mr. Sohn serving as our Chief Executive Officer on each applicable vesting date, provided that the RSUs shall vest in full immediately upon the termination of Mr. Sohn's employment without cause (as defined in the employment agreement).

On September 13, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a grant of stock options to Mr. Sohn to purchase 100,000 shares of our Common Stock, at an exercise price of $4.59 upon signing a new employment agreement.  The options vest quarterly over a 2 year period with a one year cliff, subject to serving as the our Chief Executive Officer on each applicable vesting date.  The stock options were granted under our 2021 Plan.

On August 31, 2021, the Compensation Committee approved a grant of options to Mr. Jennings to purchase 100,000 shares of our Common Stock, upon signing a new employment agreement.  The agreement was signed and the options were granted on September 13, 2022 at an exercise price of $4.59. The options vest quarterly over a 2 year period with a one year cliff, subject to serving as our President and Chief Operating Officer on each applicable vesting date.  The stock options were granted under the 2021 Plan.

## Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2021

The following table sets forth certain information regarding unexercised options, shares that have not vested, and equity incentive plan awards for each Named Executive Officer as of December 31, 2021:

## Table of Contents

## Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year-End

| Option Awards  Stock Awards  Name  Number of  Securities  Underlying  Unexercised  Options  (#)  Exercisable  Number of  Securities  Underlying  Unexercised  Options  (#)  Unexercisable  Option  Exercise  Price  ($)  Option  Expiration  Date  Number of  Shares of  Stock That  Have Not  Vested  (#)  Market  Value of  Shares  of Stock That  Have Not  Vested  ($)  Evan Sohn  138,500(2)  361,485(3)  17,369  -  8.80  2/4/2024  180,468  -  16.00  5/14/2024  -  -  15,321  -  3.625  12/23/2024  -  -  -  100,000(1)  4.59  9/13/2026  -  -  Miles Jennings  2,500  -  16.00  2/11/2023  -  -  20,428  -  3.625  12/23/2024  -  -  -  100,000(1)  4.59  9/13/2026  -  -  Judy Krandel  10,435  -  6.25  5/14/2025  -  -  64,688  107,812(2)  6.25  6/30/2026  -  -  100,000  -  4.65  9/6/2026  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(1) Fifty percent of options vest September 13, 2022 and the remaining fifty percent vest quarterly starting December 13, 2022 and ending on September 13, 2023.

(2) Vest quarterly over a two-year period in equal quarterly installments, ending on March 31, 2023.

(3) Based on $2.62 per share, the closing price of our Common Stock on December 31, 2021.

## Table of Contents

## Compensation of Non-Employee Directors

We do not compensate employees for serving as members of our Board. Our non-employee directors receive compensation for their service as directors and members of committees of the Board, consisting of cash and equity awards. In January 2021, our Compensation Committee approved an annual retainer to be paid to each nonemployee director in the amount of $20,000 in cash. In January 2022, the Board also approved an incremental stipend of $5,000 to all committee chairpersons, $3,500 for all non-chairperson members of the audit committee, and $2,500 for all non-chairperson members of the nominating and compensation committee. With respect to our non-employee directors, the Board approved one-year stock options to purchase 15,000 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $2.40 for the year 2021. The options shall vest in equal quarterly amounts beginning on the effective date and ending on the first anniversary of the effective date of the grant. In addition, directors are reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in attending meetings and carrying out duties as board and committee members. Under the 2017 and 2021 Plans, our nonemployee directors receive grants of stock options as compensation for their services on the Board.

On August 28, 2020, the Compensation Committee approved an annual retainer in the amount of $20,000 cash and a grant of three-year stock options to Deborah Leff to purchase 20,000 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $5.00 per share for serving on the Board. The options vest in equal quarterly amounts ending on the third anniversary of the effective date of the grant.

On December 23, 2019, the Compensation Committee approved a grant to each of Timothy O'Rourke, Douglas Roth, and Wallace D. Ruiz, our non-employee directors, of three-year stock options to purchase 19,068 shares of our Common Stock at an exercise price of $3.625 per share for serving on the Board. One-third of the stock options were vested upon grant and the balance vested in equal annual installments on December 23, 2020 and December 23, 2021, subject to continued service as members of the Board on each applicable vesting date.

In consideration of Mr. Pemberton's agreement to join the Board, Mr. Pemberton entered into a Director Agreement and shall receive an annual cash stipend of $20,000, payable in equal quarterly installments of $5,000. In addition, Mr. Pemberton received a grant of 20,000 options to purchase our Common Stock with an exercise price of $8.125, which vests in equal amounts over a period of three years from the effective date of the grant, as shall be determined by the Board, subject to his continued service on the Board through such vesting date

In consideration of Mr. Heath's agreement to join the Board, Mr. Heath entered into a Director Agreement and shall receive an annual cash stipend of $20,000, payable in equal quarterly installments of $5,000. In addition, Mr. Heath received a grant of 20,000 options to purchase Common Stock, with an exercise price of $6.75, which vests in equal amounts over a period of three years from the effective date of the grant, as shall be determined by the Board, subject to his continued service on the Board through such vesting date.

## 58

## Table of Contents

For the year ended 2021, our non-employee directors were compensated as follows in the table below:

| Name (1)  Year  Fees Earned  or  Paid in  Cash  ($)  Option  Awards  ($)(2)  All  Other  Compensation  ($)  Total  ($)  Deborah Leff  2021  20,000  -  20,000  Timothy O'Rourke  2021  20,000  -  -  20,000  Douglas Roth  2021  20,000  -  -  20,000  Wallace D. Ruiz  2021  20,000  -  -  20,000  Steve Pemberton  2021  15,000  162,483  -  177,483  Robert Heath  2021  15,000  134,985  -  149,985   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Because  our  employees  do  not  receive  additional  compensation  for  their  service  on  the  Board,  Messrs.  Sohn  and  Jennings  are  omitted  from  this  table. Compensation of Messrs. Sohn and Jennings is fully reflected in the Summary Compensation Table.

(2) Amounts reported represent the aggregate grant date fair value of awards granted, computed in accordance with ASC 718.

## ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

Except as specifically noted, the following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our Common Stock as of March 15, 2022.

- each of our directors and named executive officers; and
- each person known to us to beneficially own more than 5% of our Common Stock on an as-converted basis.

The calculations in the table below are based on 14,784,821 common shares issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2022.

59

## Table of Contents

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership of that person, we have included shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days, including through the exercise of any option, warrant or other right or the conversion of any other security. These shares, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage ownership of any other person.

Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each beneficial owner listed in the table below is c/o Recruiter.com Group, Inc., 500 7 th  Ave., New York, New York 10018.

| Name of Beneficial Owner (1)  No. of Shares  Beneficially  Owned  % of Class  Evan Sohn (2)  536,330  3.6%  Miles Jennings (3)  1,018,621  6.9%  Judy Krandel (4)  196,684  1.3%  Deborah Leff (5)  17,416  *  Tim O'Rourke (6)  324,655  2.2%  Douglas Roth (5)  27,817  *  Wallace Ruiz (7)  35,817  *  Steve Pemberton (5)  10,416  *  Robert Heath (8)  28,083  *  All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons) (9)  2,581,409  16.9%  5% Stockholders  Cavalry Fund 1 LP (10)  1,526,997  9.6%  Michael Woloshin (11)  1,146,262  7.8%  James Besser (12)  885,874  6.0%  Ashley Saddul (13)  859,587  5.8%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

* Less than 1%.

- (1) This does not include information regarding the sole holder of Series E Preferred Stock as a separate class. The holder of Series E Preferred Stock votes together with the holders of Common Stock on all matters on an as converted basis, subject to the  9.99% beneficial ownership limitation, as applicable.
- (2) Evan Sohn is the Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Includes 213,159 and 27,700 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units respectively that are vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022.
- (3) Miles Jennings is the President and Chief Operating Officer. Includes 22,928 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options that are vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022.
- (4) Ms. Krandel is the Chief Financial Officer. Represents 196,684 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options that are vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022.
- (5) Includes shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options that are vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022.
- (6) Includes (i) 301,838 shares of our Common Stock beneficially owned by Icon Information Consultants, LP, of which Mr. O'Rourke is the Managing Director, and (ii) 22,817 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022. Mr. O'Rourke disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares beneficially owned by Icon Information Consultants, LP, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
- (7) Includes 31,817 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022 and 4,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our common stock purchase warrants.
- (8) Includes 20,083 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022 and 8,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of our common stock purchase warrants.
- (9) Includes 518,684 and 27,700 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units, respectively, that have vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022, and 12,000 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of common stock purchase warrants.
- (10) This information is based on an amendment to Schedule 13G/A filed by Cavalry Fund I LP on February 4, 2022.  Address is 61 Kinderkamack Road, Woodcliff Lake, NJ 07677. Thomas Walsh, the Manager of Cavalry Fund I Management LLC, the General Partner of Cavalry Fund I LP. has shared voting and investment power with respect to these shares.
- (11) Includes (i) 76,329 shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by Cicero Consulting Group LLC, which Mr. Woloshin controls together with Mr. Joseph W. Abrams, and (ii) 14,743 shares of Common Stock owned by Caesar Capital Group LLC, with respect to which Mr. Woloshin has the shared voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares discussed in (i) of this footnote, and the sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares discussed in (ii) of this footnote. Address is 1858 Pleasantville Road Suite 110, Briarcliff Manor NY 10510.
- (12) This information is based on a Schedule 13G filed by Manchester Explorer, L.P., Manchester Management Company, LLC, Manchester Management PR, LLC, James E. Besser, and Morgan C. Frank, on March 8, 2022.  Address is 2 Calle Candina, #1701, San Juan, Puerto Rico, 00907.  James E. Besser managing member of Manchester Management Company, LLC, general partner of Manchester Explorer, L.P. has shared voting power for 747,678 of the shares, shared dispositive power for 747,678 of the shares, and sole voting and dispositive power over 138,196 of the shares.
- (13) Mr. Saddul is the Chief Web Officer.  Includes 6,810 shares of our Common Stock issuable upon exercise of stock options that have vested or vesting within 60 days from March 15, 2022.

## Table of Contents

## Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2021 with respect to our compensation plans under which equity securities may be issued.

| Plan Category  Number of  Securities  to be Issued  upon Exercise  of  Outstanding  Options,  Warrants  and Rights  Weighted-  Average  Exercise  Price of  Outstanding  Options,  Warrants  and Rights  Number of  Securities  Remaining  Available for  Future  Issuance  under Equity  Compensation  Plans  (Excluding  Securities  Reflected in  Column (a))  (a)  (b)  (c)  Equity compensation plans approved by security holders:  2017 Equity Incentive Plan (1)  1,230,528  5.86  77,472  2021 Equity Incentive Plan (1)  1,621,212  4.34  952,498  Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders  Total  1,196,165  2.21  1,207,335   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) The weighted average exercise price relates to the options only.  RSUs were excluded as they have no exercise price.

## ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The following includes a summary of transactions since January 1, 2020 to which we have been a party in which the amount involved exceeded or will exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than 5% of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct

or indirect material interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described under 'Executive and Director Compensation.'

## Cicero Investment in the March 2019 Private Placement

In April 2019, Cicero Transact Group US, Inc. ('Cicero'), an entity controlled by Michael Woloshin, one of our principal stockholders purchased 13,750 units, with each unit consisting of one share of Series D preferred stock and a warrant to purchase seven shares of our Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided for therein, in exchange for the delivery of common stock of a second company, with a market value of $240,000. Subsequently, we determined that, because we were unable to realize the full value of the common stock of the second company, part of the 13,750 units provided to Cicero, the percent of which could not be paid for, should be returned by Cicero. On January 6, 2021, Cicero returned 8,755 units.

## Table of Contents

## Back Office, Rent, Accounting and EOR Services Arrangements with Icon

Icon Information Consultants, a company managed by our director, Mr. O'Rourke, performs all of the back office and accounting roles for Recruiting Solutions. Icon Information Consultants then charges a fee for the services along with charging for office space. Icon Information Consultants and Icon Industrial Solutions (collectively 'Icon')  also  provide  'Employer  of  Record'  ('EOR')  services  to  Recruiting  Solutions  which  means  that  they  process  all  payroll  and  payroll  tax  related  duties  of temporary and contract employees placed at customer sites and is then paid a reimbursement and fee from Recruiting Solutions. Icon Canada also acts as an EOR and collects the customer payments and remits the net fee back to Recruiting Solutions. Revenue related to customers processed by Icon Canada is recognized on a gross basis the same as other revenues and was and was $106,842 and $140,642 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. EOR costs related to customers processed by Icon Canada was $99,904 and $131,546 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Currently, there is no intercompany agreement for those charges and they are calculated on a best estimate basis. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we owe Icon $163,672 and $706,515, respectively, in payables and Icon owes $49,033 and $19,143, respectively, to us. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we charged to cost of revenue $498,848 and $1,232,359, respectively, related to services provided by Icon as our employer of record. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we charged to operating expenses $132,253 and $271,163, respectively,  related  to  management  fees,  rent  and  other  administrative  expense.  During  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  we charged to interest expense $30,466 and $12,276, related to finance charges on accounts payable owed to Icon. In July 2021, we paid Icon $1,075,645 to satisfy all outstanding payables for all services including interest charges. In July 2021, we also ended all contractual relationships with Icon for back office and accounting services, as well as office space. As of December 31, 2021, Icon will no longer provide EOR services. In January 2022, a payment of $118,534 was made by us to Icon to pay the remaining amount owed, net of the amount owed by Icon to us.

We also recorded placement revenue from Icon of $970 and $31,041 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which $22,951 and $21,981, respectively, is included in accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

## Recruiter.com Mauritius

We use a related party firm for software development and maintenance related to our website and the platform underlying our operations. The firm was formed outside of the United States solely for the purpose of performing services for the Company and has no other clients. Our Chief Web Officer is an employee of this firm and exerts control over the firm. We agreed to pay Recruiter.com Mauritius fees in the amount equal to the actualized documented costs incurred by Recruiter.com Mauritius in rendering the services. Payments to this firm were $162,102 and $235,444 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in product development expense in our consolidated statements of operations.

## Genesys License Agreement

We are a party to that certain license agreement with Genesys. Tim O'Rourke, an executive officer of Genesys, is a significant equity holder and a member of our board of directors. Genesys has granted us an exclusive license to use certain candidate matching software and render certain related services to us. We agreed to pay to Genesys (now called Opptly) a monthly license fee of $5,000 beginning June 29, 2019 and an annual fee of $1,995 for each recruiter being licensed along with other fees that may be incurred. We also agreed to pay Genesys monthly sales subscription fees beginning September 5, 2019 when Genesys assists with closing a recruiting program. During the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020  we  charged  to  operating  expenses  $117,389  and  $167,157,  respectively,  for  services  provided  by  Genesys.  As  of December 31, 2021 and 2020, we owe Genesys $22,810 and $73,352, respectively, in payables. The agreement will expire on March 31, 2022 and will not be renewed.

## Woloshin Consulting Agreement

We are a party to a consulting agreement with Michael Woloshin, a principal stockholder, entered into in January, 2019 (the 'Woloshin Consulting Agreement'). Pursuant to the Woloshin Consulting Agreement, Mr. Woloshin has agreed to act as our non-exclusive consultant with respect to introducing potential acquisition and partnership targets, and we have agreed to pay Mr. Woloshin a retainer of $10,000 per month as a non-recoverable draw against any finder fees earned. We also agreed to pay Mr. Woloshin the sum of $5,500 per month for three years ($198,000 total) as a finder's fee for introducing Genesys. This payment is included in the $10,000 monthly retainer payment. We have recorded consulting fees expense of $13,500 and $54,000 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2020, $104,500 of the Genesys finder's fee and $18,000 of monthly fee expense is included in accrued compensation. In July 2021 we completed payments for all accrued compensation and future payments owed under the consulting agreement. No further payments will be owed under this consulting agreement.

## Table of Contents

## Director Independence

Our Board has reviewed the materiality of any relationship that each of our directors has with us, either directly or indirectly. Based on this review, our Board has affirmatively determined that each of Heath, Leff, Roth, Ruiz, and Pemberton, current members of our Board, meets the independence requirements under the Listing Rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC.

## ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following table provides detail about fees for professional services rendered to us by Salberg &amp; Company, P.A., our independent registered public accounting firm engaged to provide accounting services for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020.

| Fiscal  Year Ended  December 31,  Fiscal  Year Ended  December 31,   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2021  2020  Audit fees (1)  $  150,600    $  107,800  Audit related fees (2)  36,000  16,300  Tax fees  -  -  All other fees  -  -  Total  $  186,600  $  124,100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Audit Fees - This category includes the audit of our annual financial statements, review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and services that are normally provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in connection with engagements for those fiscal years. This category also includes advice on audit and accounting matters that arose during, or as a result of, the audit or the review of interim financial statements.

Audit-Related Fees - This category consists of assurance and related services by the independent registered public accounting firm that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported above under 'Audit Fees.' The services for the fees disclosed under this category include consultation regarding our correspondence with the Securities and Exchange Commission, review of registration statements and other accounting consulting.

Tax Fees -  This category consists of professional services rendered for tax compliance and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice.

All Other Fees - This category consists of fees for other miscellaneous items.

## Policy on Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-audit Services of Independent Auditors

Consistent  with  the  SEC  policies  regarding  auditor  independence,  our  Board  has  responsibility  for  appointing,  setting  compensation  and  overseeing  the  work  of  the independent auditor. In recognition of this responsibility, our Board has established a policy to pre-approve all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor.

Prior to engagement of the independent auditor for the next year's audit, management will submit an aggregate of services expected to be rendered during that year for each of the following four categories of services to the Board for approval.

64

Table of Contents

## PART IV

## ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

- (a) Documents filed as part of this Annual Report.
- (1) Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements, which appears on page F-1 hereof. The consolidated financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to Consolidated Financial Statements are filed herewith in response to this Item.
- (2) Financial  Statements  Schedules.  All  schedules  are  omitted  because  they  are  not  applicable  or  because  the  required  information  is  contained  in  the consolidated financial statements or notes included in this report.
- (3) Exhibits. See the Exhibit Index.

## EXHIBIT INDEX

| Exhibit  Incorporated by Reference  Filed or  Furnished  No.  Exhibit Description  Form  Date  Number  Herewith  2.1  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Merger,  by  and  between  Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.,  a  Delaware corporation and Recruiter.com Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation, and a  wholly  owned  subsidiary  of  the  Company,  resulting  in  the  Company's  reincorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada  10-K  3/9/21  2.1  3.1(a)  Articles of Incorporation  10-Q  6/25/20  3.1(a)  3.1(b)  Certificate of Designation of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock  10-Q  6/25/20  3.1(c)  3.1(c)  Certificate of Change pursuant to NRS 78.209, filed with Nevada Secretary of State  on June 17, 2021  8-K  6/24/21  3.1  3.2  Bylaws, as amended  10-Q  6/25/20  3.2  4.1  Warrant  Agent  Agreement  by  and  between  Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.,  and  Philadelphia  Stock  Transfer,  Inc.,  dated  July  2,  2021,  including  global  certificate  and form of Warrant used for issuance of Unit Warrants  8-K  7/6/21  4.3  4.2  Promissory Note issued to Parrut, Inc. on July 7, 2021  8-K  7/12/21  4.1  4.3  Promissory Note issued to Novo Group, Inc. on August 27, 2021  8-K  9/2/21  4.1  4.4  Form of Representative Warrants  8-K  7/6/21  4.1  4.5  Form of Placement Agent Warrants  8-K  7/6/21  4.2  4.6  Form of Amended and Restated Warrant  S-1  12/17/21  4.5  4.7  Description of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act of 1934  Filed  10.1  2017 Equity Incentive Plan*  10-K  6/29/18  10.11  10.2  Employment  Agreement,  by  and  among  Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.  and  Miles  Jennings*  8-K  9/17/21  10.2  10.3  Employment  Agreement,  by  and  among  Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.  and  Judy  Krandel*  8-K  9/17/21  10.3  10.4  Employment Agreement, by and among Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Evan Sohn*  8-K  9/17/21  10.4  10.5  Technology  Services  Agreement,  dated  January  17,  2020,  by  and  between  Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Recruiter.com (Mauritius) Ltd.  8-K  1/23/20  10.1  10.6  Director Agreement, by and between Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Deborah Leff*  8-K  9/11/20  10.2  10.7  Amendment  1  to  Director  Agreement,  dated  January  13,  2021,  by  and  between  Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Deborah Leff*  8-K  1/21/21  10.1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 10.8  Director  Agreement,  by  and  between  Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.  and  Steve  Pemberton*  8-K  4/2/21  10.1  10.9  Director Agreement, by and between Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Robert Heath*  8-K  4/2/21  10.2  10.10  Asset Purchase Agreement, dated January 22, 2021, by and among Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.,  Recruiter.com  Scouted,  Inc.,  RLJ  Talent  Consulting,  Inc.,  and  Jacqueline Loeb  10-Q  5/14/21  10.5  10.11  Asset Purchase Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated March 25, 2021, by  and among Recruiter.com Group, Inc., Recruiter.com Upsider, Inc., Upsider, Inc.,  and Josh McBride  8-K  3/31/21  10.1  10.12  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  March  25,  2021,  by  and  between  Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Upsider, Inc.  8-K  3/31/21  10.2  10.13  Asset  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  May  10,  2021,  by  and  among  Recruiter.com  Group,  Inc.,  Recruiter.com  Onewire,  Inc.,  OneWire  Holdings,  LLC.,  and  Eric  Stutzke  10-Q  5/14/21  10.8  10.14  Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 7, 2021, by and among Recruiter.com Group,  Inc., Parrut, Inc., and the individuals named therein+  8-K  7/12/21  10.1  10.15  Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 7, 2021, by and between Recruiter.com  Group, Inc. and Parrut, Inc.  8-K  7/12/21  10.2  10.16  Asset  Purchase  Agreement,  dated  as  of  August  27,  2021,  by  and  among  Recruiter.com Group, Inc., Novo Group, Inc., and the individuals named therein+  8-K  9/2/21  10.1  10.17  Registration  Rights  Agreement,  dated  as  of  August  27,  2021,  by  and  between  Recruiter.com Group, Inc., Novo Group, Inc., and the individuals named therein  8-K  9/2/21  10.2  10.18  Recruiter.com Group, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan*  DEFA  7/28/21  A  10.19  Executive  Employment,  by  and  between  the  Company  and  Josh  McBride,  dated  March 25, 2021*  Filed  10.20  Executive Employment by and between the Company and Xuan Smith, dated March  25, 2021*  Filed  10.21  Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement  Filed  10.22  Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Agreement  Filed  21.1  Subsidiaries  10-K  3/9/21  21.1  23.1  Consent of Salberg &amp; Company, P.A.  Filed  31.1  Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Executive Officer  Filed  31.2  Rule 13a-14/15d-14(a) certification of Chief Financial Officer  Filed  32.1  Section 1350 certification of Chief Executive Officer  Furnished**  32.2  Section 1350 certification of Chief Financial Officer  Furnished**  101.INS  XBRL Instance Document  Filed  101.SCH  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document  Filed  101.CAL  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document  Filed  101.DEF  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document  Filed  101.LAB  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document  Filed  101.PRE  XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document  Filed  104  Cover  Page  Interactive  Data  File  (embedded  within  the  inline  document  and  included in Exhibit 101)  Filed   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

** This exhibit is being furnished rather than filed and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing, in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

+ Certain schedules, appendices and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished supplemental to the Securities and Exchange Commission staff upon request.

## ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY

Not applicable.

Table of Contents

65

## SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

Dated: March 31, 2022

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC.

| By:  /s/  Evan Sohn  Evan Sohn  Chief Executive Officer   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

| SIGNATURE  TITLE  DATE  /s/  Evan Sohn  Executive Chairman &amp; Chief Executive Officer  (Principal Executive Officer)  March 31, 2022  Evan Sohn  /s/  Judy Krandel  Chief Financial Officer  (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)  March 31, 2022  Judy Krandel   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| /s/  Miles Jennings  Chief Operating Officer and Director  March 31, 2022  Miles Jennings  /s/ Robert Heath  Director  March 31, 2022  Robert Heath  /s/  Deborah Leff  Director  March 31, 2022  Deborah Leff  /s/  Steve Pemberton  Director  March 31, 2022  Steve Pemberton  /s/  Douglas Roth  Director  March 31, 2022  Douglas Roth  /s/ Timothy O'Rourke  Director  March 31, 2022  Timothy O'Rourke  /s/ Wallace D. Ruiz  Director  March 31, 2022  Wallace D. Ruiz   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

66

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC.

## INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

| Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB firm ID. 106)  F-2  Consolidated Balance Sheets  F-3  Consolidated Statements of Operations  F-4  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)  F-5  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows  F-6  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements  F-7   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

F-1

## Table of Contents

Table of Contents

<!-- image -->

## Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of: Recruiter.com Group, Inc.

## Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the 'Company') as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the 'consolidated financial statements'). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

## Going Concern

The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has had historical net losses and net cash used in operating activities and will require additional financing to continue operations in 2022. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's Plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

## Basis for Opinion

These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ('PCAOB') and are required to  be  independent  with  respect  to  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  U.S.  federal  securities  laws  and  the  applicable  rules  and  regulations  of  the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits  included  performing  procedures  to  assess  the  risks  of  material  misstatement  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  whether  due  to  error  or  fraud,  and performing  procedures  that  respond  to  those  risks.  Such  procedures  included  examining,  on  a  test  basis,  evidence  regarding  the  amounts  and  disclosures  in  the consolidated  financial  statements.  Our  audits  also  included  evaluating  the  accounting  principles  used  and  significant  estimates  made  by  management,  as  well  as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

## Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required  to  be  communicated  to  the  audit  committee  and  that:  (1)  relate  to  accounts  or  disclosures  that  are  material  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  (2) involved  our  especially  challenging,  subjective,  or  complex  judgments.  The  communication  of  critical  audit  matters  does  not  alter  in  any  way  our  opinion  on  the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

## Business Combinations

As described in Note 1 'Business Combinations' and in Note 14, to the consolidated financial statements, the Company closed on five separate business acquisitions in fiscal 2021.  The determination of fair values for assets acquired and liabilities assumed and fair value of portions of purchase consideration  requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions such as those related to forecasts of future revenues, operating margins, discount rates and equity values.  Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair values.

We identified business combinations as a critical audit matter. Auditing management's judgments regarding the above estimates involved a high degree of subjectivity.

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included (a) evaluating management's process for developing its estimates, (b) evaluating if the valuation method used by management was appropriate (c) evaluating the reasonableness of management's forecasts by comparing them to historical information, year to date current information and/or other supporting contracts or information, (d) assessing the reasonableness of the discount rates used by evaluating each component, (e) evaluating other estimates such as the equity value portions of purchase consideration, and (f) recomputing the valuation estimates.

## /s/ Salberg &amp; Company, P.A.

SALBERG &amp; COMPANY, P.A. We have served as the Company's auditor since 2019 Boca Raton, Florida March 31, 2022

2295 NW Corporate Blvd., Suite 240 ● Boca Raton, FL 33431 Phone: (561) 995-8270 ● Toll Free: (866) CPA-8500 ● Fax: (561) 995-1920 www.salbergco.com ● info@salbergco.com Member National Association of Certified Valuation Analysts ● Registered with the PCAOB Member CPAConnect with Affiliated Offices Worldwide ● Member AICPA Center for Audit Quality

## Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  ASSETS  Current assets:  Cash  $  2,584,062  $  99,906  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $934,219 and $33,000, respectively  5,650,668  942,842  Accounts receivable - related parties  49,033  41,124  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  546,079  167,045  Investments - marketable securities  -  1,424  Total current assets  8,829,842  1,252,341  Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of $2,982 and $1,828, respectively  481  1,635  Right of use asset - related party  -  140,642  Intangible assets, net  9,741,832  795,864  Goodwill  7,718,842  3,517,315  Total assets  $  26,290,997  $  5,707,797  Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity (Deficit)  Current liabilities:  Accounts payable  $  1,121,510  $  616,421  Accounts payable - related parties  163,672  779,928  Accrued expenses  1,285,339  423,237  Accrued expenses - related party  -  8,000  Accrued compensation  1,551,162  617,067  Accrued compensation - related party  -  122,500  Accrued interest  19,726  60,404   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Table of Contents

| Contingent consideration for acquisitions  578,591  -  Liability on sale of future revenues, net of discount of $0 and $2,719, respectively  -  8,185  Deferred payroll taxes  81,728  159,032  Other liabilities  17,333  14,493  Loans payable - current portion  1,712,387  28,249  Convertible notes payable, net of unamortized discount and costs of $0 and $1,205,699, respectively  -  1,905,826  Refundable deposit on preferred stock purchase  285,000  285,000  Warrant derivative liability  -  11,537,997  Lease liability - current portion - related party  -  73,378  Deferred revenue  746,449  51,537  Total current liabilities  7,562,897  16,691,254  Lease liability - long term portion - related party  -  67,264  Loans payable - long term portion  2,637,875  73,541  Total liabilities  10,200,772  16,832,059  Commitments and contingencies (Note 12)  Stockholders' Equity (Deficit):  Preferred stock, Series D, $0.0001 par value; 2,000,000 shares authorized; 0 and 527,795 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  -  54  Preferred stock, Series E, $0.0001 par value; 775,000 shares authorized; 86,000 and 731,845 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  9  74  Preferred stock, Series F, $0.0001 par value; 200,000 shares authorized; 0 and 64,382 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  -  7  Common stock, $0.0001 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized; 14,566,420 and 2,201,604 shares issued and outstanding as of  December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  1,457  220  Shares to be issued, 587,945 and 0 shares as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively  59  -  Additional paid-in capital  66,948,340  23,400,408  Accumulated deficit  (50,859,640)  (34,525,025)  Total stockholders' equity (deficit)  16,090,225  (11,124,262)  Total liabilities and stockholders' (deficit)  $  26,290,997  $  5,707,797   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations

| Year  Year  Ended  Ended  December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Revenue (including related party revenue of $107,812 and $171,683, respectively)  $  22,184,112    $  8,502,892  Cost of revenue (including related party costs of $598,752 and $1,363,905, respectively)  14,909,389  6,138,363  Gross Profit  7,274,723  2,364,529  Operating expenses:  Sales and marketing  472,213  82,904  Product development (including related party expense of $162,102 and $235,444, respectively)  1,152,433  299,512  Amortization of intangibles  2,741,008  686,691  Impairment expense  2,530,325  -  General and administrative (including share-based compensation expense of $5,400,975 and $3,212,772, respectively, and related  party expenses of $132,253 and $438,320, respectively)  17,323,695  8,033,685  Total operating expenses  24,219,674  9,102,792  Loss from Operations  (16,944,951)  (6,738,263)  Other income (expenses):  Interest expense (including related party interest expense of $30,466 and $12,276, respectively)  (3,137,050)  (2,022,113)  Initial derivative expense  (3,585,983)  (3,340,554)  Change in derivative value due to anti-dilution adjustments  -  (2,642,175)  Change in fair value of derivative liability  7,315,580  (2,658,261)  Forgiveness of debt income  24,925  376,177  Grant income  3,382  10,768  Net recognized loss on marketable securities  (1,424)  (22,416)  Other expense  (9,094)  -  Total other income (expenses)  610,336  (10,298,574)  Loss before income taxes  (16,334,615)  (17,036,837)  Provision for income taxes  Net Loss  $  (16,334,615)   $  (17,036,837)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Table of Contents

| Net loss per common share - basic and diluted  $  (1.90)   $  (8.75)  Weighted average common shares - basic and diluted  8,601,159  1,949,463   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## F-4

## Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) For the Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020

| Preferred stock  Series D  Preferred stock  Series E  Preferred stock  Series F  Common stock  Common stock to  be issued  Additional  Paid in  Accumulated  Total  Stockholders'  (Deficit)  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Shares  Amount  Capital  Deficit  Equity  Balance as of  December 31,  2019  454,546  $  46  734,986  $  74  139,768  $  14  1,447,864  $  145  -  $  -  $18,203,265  $(17,488,188)  $  715,356  Stock based  compensation  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  3,058,072  -  3,058,072  Series D  Preferred stock  issued for  accrued  penalties  106,134  11  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,929,505  -  1,929,516  Issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  Series D  preferred stock  (34,260)  (3)  -  -  -  -  171,300  17  -  -  (14)  -  -  Issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  Series E  preferred stock  -  -  (3,141)  -  -  -  15,704  2  -  -  (2)  -  -  Issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  Series F  preferred stock  -  -  -  -  (75,386)  (7)  376,936  38  -  -  (31)  -  -  Sale of Series  D Preferred  stock units  1,375  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  25,000  -  25,000  Reclassification  of warrant  derivative to  liabilities  related to Series  D unit sale  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (26,465)  -  (26,465)  Issuance of  shares for  services  -  -  -  -  -  -  40,800  4  -  -  154,696  -  154,700  Issuance of  vested shares  -  -  -  -  -  -  125,000  12  -  -  (12)  -  -  Issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  convertible  notes and  accrued interest  -  -  -  -  -  -  24,000  2  -  -  56,394  -  56,396  Net loss year  ended  December 31,  2020  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (17,036,837)  (17,036,837)  Balance as of  December 31,  2020  527,795  $  54  731,845  $  74  64,382  $  7  2,201,604  $  220  -  $  -  $23,400,408  $(34,525,025)  $  (11,124,262)  Stock based  compensation  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  5,119,118  -  5,119,118  Issuance of  common shares  for Scouted  acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  -  224,163  24  -  -  1,625,160  -  1,625,184  Issuance of  initial and earn-  -  -  -  -  -  -  592,543  59  -  -  3,460,275  -  3,460,334   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Table of Contents

| out shares for  Upsider  acquisition  Issuance of  common shares  for accrued  compensation  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,625  -  -  -  16,425  -  16,425  issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  debentures and  accrued interest  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,578,616  158  -  -  4,557,560  -  4,557,718  Cancellation of  Series D  preferred stock  (8,755)  (1)  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1  -  -  Reclassification  of derivative  liability upon  cancellation of  Series D  warrants  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  10,182,476  -  10,182,476  Issuance of  common shares  and pre-funded  warrants upon  conversion of  Series D  preferred stock  (519,040)  (53)  -  -  -  -  2,007,256  200  587,945  59  (206)  -  -  Issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  Series F  preferred stock  -  -  -  -  (64,382)  (7)  321,911  32  -  -  (25)  -  -  Issuance of  shares for One  Wire  acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  -  155,327  16  -  -  1,436,761  -  1,436,777  Issuance of  shares for  services  -  -  -  -  -  -  146,290  14  -  -  519,225  -  519,239  Issuance of  common shares  for accounts  payable  -  -  -  -  -  -  32,941  3  -  -  139,997  -  140,000  Proceeds from  sale of common  stock and  warrants in  offering  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,400,000  240  -  -  12,003,360  -  12,003,600  Offering costs  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,651,889)  -  (1,651,889)  Cost related to  modification of  warrants  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  12,624  -  12,624  Deferred  offering costs  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (78,038)  -  (78,038)  Common stock  issued for the  exchange of  warrants  -  -  -  -  -  -  522,108  52  -  -  (52)  -  -  Issuance of  common shares  upon  conversion of  Series E  preferred stock  -  -  (645,845)  (65)  -  -  3,229,225  323  -  -  (258)  -  -  Issuance of  common shares  for Parrut  acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  -  257,545  26  -  -  1,264,525  -  1,264,551  Issuance of  common shares  for Novo  acquisition  -  -  -  -  -  -  508,711  51  -  -  2,019,532  -  2,019,583  Proceeds from  sale of common  stock related to  over allotment  offering  -  -  -  -  -  -  360,000  36  -  -  1,796,364  -  1,796,400  Earn-out  agreement for  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,125,000  -  1,125,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Parrut  acquisition  RSUs issued  for services  -  -  -  -  -  -  25,000  3  -  -  (3)  -  -  Fractional  shares issued  from stock split  -  -  -  -  -  -  1,555  -  -  -  -  -  -  Net loss year  ended  December 31,  2021  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (16,334,615)  (16,334,615)  Balance as of  December 31,  2021  -  $  -  86,000  $  9  -  $  -  14,566,420  $  1,457  587,945  $  59  $66,948,340  $(50,859,640)  $  16,090,225   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## Recruiter.com Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements Of Cash Flows

| Year Ended  Year Ended  December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  Cash Flows From Operating Activities  Net loss  $  (16,334,615)   $  (17,036,837)  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:  Depreciation and amortization expense  2,742,162  687,845  Bad debt expense  927,847  12,000  Gain on forgiveness of debt  (24,925)  (376,177)  Equity based compensation expense  5,400,975  3,212,772  Recognized loss on marketable securities  1,424  22,416  Marketable securities distributed as compensation  -  3,917  Expenses paid through financings  -  32,500  Loan principal paid directly through grant  (2,992)  (8,853)  Amortization of debt discount and debt costs  2,503,160  1,840,745  Modification of derivative  12,624  -  Initial derivative expense  3,585,983  3,340,554  Change in derivative value due to anti-dilution adjustments  -  2,642,175  Change in fair value of derivative liability  (7,315,580)  2,658,261  Impairment expense  2,530,325  -  Change in fair value of earn-out liability  35,294  -  Changes in assets and liabilities:  Increase in accounts receivable  (4,690,668)  (94,767)  Increase in accounts receivable - related parties  (7,909)  (36,784)  Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets  (74,742)  (68,542)  Increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities  1,991,446  626,895  Decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities - related parties  (746,756)  (63,863)  Decrease in deferred payroll taxes  (77,304)  -  Increase in other liabilities  2,840  173,525  Increase (decrease) in deferred revenue  525,767  (93,937)  Net cash used in operating activities  (9,015,644)  (2,526,155)  Cash Flows From Investing Activities:  Proceeds from sale of marketable securities  -  17,009  Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired  (2,238,958)  -  Cash paid for customer contracts  -  (50,000)  Net cash used in investing activities  (2,238,958)  (32,991)  Cash Flows From Financing Activities:  Proceeds from loans  250,000  398,545  Proceeds from convertible notes  2,153,200  2,476,000  Deferred offering costs  (78,038)  -  Payments of loans  (723,611)  (17,907)  Advances on receivables  -  180,778  Repayments of advances on receivables  -  (180,778)  Repayments of sale of future revenues  (10,904)  (528,838)  Proceeds from common shares and warrants  13,800,000  -  Offering Costs  (1,651,889)  -  Proceeds from sale of preferred stock  -  25,000  Net cash provided by financing activities  13,738,758  2,352,800  Net increase (decrease) in cash  2,484,156  (206,346)  Cash, beginning of year  99,906  306,252  Cash, end of year  $  2,584,062  $  99,906   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Table of Contents

| Cash paid during the year for interest  $  240,980    $  235,813  Cash paid during the year for income taxes  $  -  $  -  Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities:  Original issue discount deducted from convertible note proceeds  $  342,554    $  328,125  Debt costs deducted from convertible note proceeds  $  334,800    $  366,500  Notes and accrued interest converted to common stock  $  4,557,718  $  96,000  Notes payable and accrued interest exchanged for debentures  $  252,430    $  -  Accounts payable paid with common stock  $  140,000    $  -  Accrued compensation paid with common stock  $  16,425  $  -  Warrant derivative liability extinguished  $  10,182,476  $  -  Write off of right-of-use asset and lease liability  $  103,953    $  -  Deferred offering costs charged to additional paid-in capital  $  78,038  $  -  Common stock issued/to be issued for asset acquisitions  $  11,340,284  $  -  Earn-out liability consideration for acquisition  $  543,297    $  -  Loans issued as consideration for acquisitions  $  4,750,000  $  -  Shares issued for Upsider earn-out liability  $  1,394,768  $  -  Preferred stock issued for accrued penalties  $  -  $  1,929,516  Warrant derivative liability at inception  $  2,374,076  $  5,625,519  Prepayment of shares issued for services  $                237,382  $                            -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

## NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## General

Recruiter.com Group, Inc., a Nevada corporation ('RGI' or the 'Company'), is a holding company based in New York, New York. The Company has seven material subsidiaries, Recruiter.com, Inc., Recruiter.com Recruiting Solutions LLC ('Recruiting Solutions'), Recruiter.com Consulting, LLC, VocaWorks, Inc. ('VocaWorks'), Recruiter.com Scouted Inc. ('Scouted'), Recruiter.com Upsider Inc. ('Upsider') and Recruiter.com OneWire Inc. ('OneWire'). RGI and its subsidiaries as a consolidated group is hereinafter referred to as the 'Company.'

The Company operates an on-demand recruiting platform digitally transforming the $136 billion recruiting and staffing industry. The Company offers recruiting software and services through an online, AI-powered sourcing platform and network of on-demand recruiters. Businesses from startups to the Fortune 100 use the Company to help address their critical talent needs and solve recruiting and hiring challenges.

The Company's website, www.Recruiter.com, provides employers seeking to hire talent access to its network of recruiters and utilizes an innovative web platform, software with integrated AI-driven candidate to job matching, and video screening software to more easily and quickly source qualified talent.

The Company helps businesses accelerate and streamline their recruiting and hiring processes by providing on-demand recruiting software and services. The Company leverages its expert network of recruiters to place recruiters on a project basis, aided by cutting-edge AI-based candidate sourcing and matching and video screening technologies.

Through the Company's Recruiting Solutions division, the Company also provides consulting, staffing, and full-time placement services to employers, leveraging our platform and rounding out our services. The Company's mission is to help recruit the right talent faster and become the preferred solution for hiring specialized talent.

## Reincorporation and Reverse Stock Split

On May 13, 2020, the Company effected a reincorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada. Simultaneously with the reincorporation, the number of shares of Common Stock the Company is authorized to issue was increased from 31,250,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares.

The reincorporation did not result in any change in the corporate name, business, management, fiscal year, accounting, location of the principal executive office, or assets or liabilities of the Company.

On June 18, 2021 the Company filed an Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to effectuate a reverse split of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock at an exchange ratio of 1-for-2.5. The reverse stock split was effective as of June 18, 2021. Simultaneously with the reverse stock split, the Company reduced the authorized shares from 250,000,000 to 100,000,000. All share and per share data in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and footnotes has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split.

## Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of RGI and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

## Use of Estimates

The  preparation  of  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  accounting  principles  generally  accepted  in  the  United  States  ('GAAP')  requires  management  to  make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results and outcomes may differ from management's estimates and assumptions. Included  in  these  estimates  are  assumptions  used  to  estimate  collection  of  accounts  receivable,  fair  value  of  marketable  securities,  fair  value  of  assets  acquired  and liabilities  assumed  in  asset  acquisitions  and  the  estimated  useful  life  of  assets  acquired,  fair  value  of  contingent  consideration  in  asset  acquisitions  and  business

Table of Contents

combinations, fair value of derivative liabilities, fair value of securities issued for acquisitions and business combinations, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations, fair value of intangible assets and goodwill, valuation of lease liabilities and related right of use assets, deferred income tax asset valuation allowances, and valuation of stock based compensation expense.

Table of Contents

## Cash and Cash Equivalents

The Company considers all short-term highly liquid investments with a remaining maturity at the date of purchase of three months or less to be cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are maintained at financial institutions, and, at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses related to these balances as of December 31, 2021.  At December 31, 2021, the Company had $1,667,798 in excess of the FDIC limit. There were no uninsured balances as of December 31, 2020. The Company had no cash equivalents during or at the end of either year.

## Revenue Recognition

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board ('FASB') Accounting Standards Codification ('ASC') Topic 606, 'Revenue from Contracts with Customers' ('ASC 606'). Revenues are recognized when control is transferred to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods. Revenue recognition is evaluated through the following five steps: (i) identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; (ii) identification of the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determination of the transaction price; (iv) allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognition of revenue when or as a performance obligation is satisfied.

We generate revenue from the following activities:

- Software Subscriptions: We offer a subscription to our web-based platforms that help employers recruit talent. Our platforms allow our customers to source, contact, screen and sort candidates using data science, advanced email campaigning tools, and predictive analytics. As part of our software subscriptions, we offer enhanced support packages and on-demand recruiting support services for an additional fee. Depending on the subscription type, additional fees may be charged when we place a candidate with our customer. In such cases, if the candidate ceases to be employed by the customer within 90 days (the 90-day guarantee), we refunds the customer in full for all fees paid by the customer.
- Recruiters on Demand: Consists of a consulting and staffing service specifically for the placement of professional recruiters, which we market as Recruiters on Demand. Recruiters on Demand is a flexible, time-based solution that provides businesses of all sizes access to recruiters on an outsourced, virtual basis for help with their hiring needs. As with other consulting and staffing solutions, we procure for our employer clients qualified professional recruiters, and then place them on assignment with our employer clients. We derive revenue from Recruiters on Demand by billing the employer clients for the placed recruiters' ongoing work at an  agreed-upon,  time-based  rate.  We  directly  source  recruiter  candidates  from  our  network  of  recruiters.  In  addition,  we  also  offer  talent  planning,  talent assessment, strategic guidance, and organizational development services, which we market as our "Talent Effectiveness" practice. Companies prepay for a certain number of consulting hours at an agreed-upon, time-based rate. We source and provide the independent consultants that provide the service.
- Full-time Placement: Consists of providing referrals of qualified candidates to employers to hire staff for full-time positions. We generate full-time placement revenue by earning one-time fees for each time that employers hire one of the candidates that we refer. Employers alert us of their hiring needs through our virtual AI and video-enabled hiring platform (the 'Platform') or other communications. We source qualified candidate referrals for the employers' available jobs through independent  recruiter  users  that  access  our  Platform  and  other  tools.  We  support  and  supplement  the  independent  recruiters'  efforts  with  dedicated  internal employees we call our internal talent delivery team. Our talent delivery team selects and delivers candidate profiles and resumes to our employer clients for their review  and  ultimate  selection.  Upon  the  employer  hiring  one  or  more  of  our  candidate  referrals,  we  earn  a  'full-time  placement  fee',  an  amount  separately negotiated with each employer client. The full-time placement fee is typically either a percentage of the referred candidates' first year's base salary or an agreedupon flat fee.
- Marketplace :  Our  Marketplace  category  comprises  services  for  businesses  and  individuals  that  leverage  our  online  presence.  For  businesses,  this  includes sponsorship of digital newsletters, online content promotion, social media distribution, banner advertising, and other branded electronic communications, such as in our quarterly digital publication on recruiting trends and issues. We earn revenue as we complete agreed upon marketing related deliverables and milestones using pricing and terms set by mutual agreement with the customer. In some cases, we earn a percent of revenue a business receives from attracting new clients by advertising on our online platform. Businesses can also pay us to post job openings on our proprietary job boards to promote open job positions they are trying to fill. In addition to its work with direct clients, we categorize all online advertising and affiliate marketing revenue as Marketplace.

F-8

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

For  individuals,  Marketplace  includes  services  to  assist  with  career  development  and  advancement,  including  a  resume  distribution  service  which  involves promoting these job seekers' profiles and resumes to assist with their procuring employment, and upskilling and training. Our resume distribution service allows a job seeker to upload his/her resume to our database, which we then distribute to our network of recruiters on the Platform. We earn revenue from a one-time flat fee for this service. We also offer a recruiter certification program which encompasses our recruitment related training content, which we make accessible through our online learning management system. Customers of the recruiter certification program use a self-managed system to navigate through a digital course of study. Upon completion of the program, we issue a certificate of completion and make available a digital badge to certify their achievement for display on their online recruiter profile on the Platform. Additionally, we partner with Careerdash, a high-quality training company, to provide Recruiter.com Academy, an immersive training experience for career changers.

- Consulting and Staffing: Consists of providing consulting and staffing personnel services to employers to satisfy their demand for long- and short-term consulting and temporary employee needs. We generate revenue by first referring qualified personnel for the employer's specific talent needs, then placing such personnel with the employer, but with us or our providers acting as the employer of record, and finally, billing the employer for the time and work of our placed personnel on an ongoing basis. Our process for finding candidates for consulting and staffing engagements largely mirrors our process for full-time placement hiring. This

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

process includes employers informing us of open consulting and temporary staffing opportunities and projects, sourcing qualified candidates through the Platform and other similar means, and, finally, the employer selecting our candidates for placement after a process of review and selection. We bill these employer clients for our placed candidates' ongoing work at an agreed-upon, time-based rate, typically on a weekly schedule of invoicing.

We have a sales team and sales partnerships with direct employers as well as Vendor Management System companies and Managed Service companies that help create sales channels for clients that buy staffing, direct hire, and sourcing services. Once we have secured the relationship and contract with the interested Enterprise customer the delivery and product teams will provide the service to fulfil any or all of the revenue segments.

Revenues as presented on the consolidated statements of operations represent services rendered to customers less sales adjustments and allowances.

Software subscription revenues are recognized over the term of the subscription for access to services and/or our web-based platform. Revenue is recognized monthly over  the  subscription  term.  Talent  effectiveness  subscription  revenues  are  recognized  over  the  term  of  the  subscription  when  services  are  provided.  Any  payments received prior to the time passing to provide the subscription services are recorded as a deferred revenue liability. Revenue generated from the enhanced support package and  on-demand  support  are  recognized  at  the  point-in-time  when  the  service  is  provided.  Revenue  generated  from  placement  fees  that  are  related  to  the  software subscription are recognized at the point-in-time when the 60 or 90-day guarantee expires.

Recruiters on Demand services are billed to clients as either monthly subscriptions or time-based billings. Revenues for Recruiters on Demand are recognized on a gross basis  when each monthly subscription service is completed. Talent Effectiveness consulting services are billed to clients upfront for a period of months. Revenue is recognized on a gross basis monthly over the period the consulting services are provided.

Full time placement revenues are recognized on a gross basis when the guarantee period specified in each customer's contract expires. No fees for direct hire placement services are charged to the employment candidates. Any payments received prior to the expiration of the guarantee period are recorded as a deferred revenue liability. Payments for recruitment services are typically due within 90 days of completion of services.

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Marketplace Solutions revenues are recognized on a gross basis when the advertising is placed and displayed or when lead generation activities and online publications are  completed,  which  is  the  point  at  which  the  performance  obligations  are  satisfied.  Payments  for  marketing  and  publishing  are  typically  due  within  30  days  of completion of services.

Marketplace advertising revenues are recognized on a gross basis when the advertising is placed and displayed or when lead generation activities and online publications are  completed,  which  is  the  point  at  which  the  performance  obligations  are  satisfied.  Payments  for  marketing  and  publishing  are  typically  due  within  30  days  of completion of services. Job posting revenue is recognized at the end of the period the job is posted. Marketplace career services revenues are recognized on a gross basis upon distribution of resumes or completion of training courses, which is the point at which the performance obligations are satisfied. Payments for career services are typically due upon distribution or completion of services.

Consulting and Staffing Services revenues represent services rendered to customers less sales adjustments and allowances. Reimbursements, including those related to travel and out-of-pocket expenses, are also included in the net service revenues and equivalent amounts of reimbursable expenses are included in costs of revenue. We record substantially  all  revenue  on  a  gross  basis  as  a  principal  versus  on  a  net  basis  as  an  agent  in  the  presentation  of  this  line  of  revenues  and  expenses.  We  have concluded that gross reporting is appropriate because we have the task of identifying and hiring qualified employees, and our discretion to select the employees and establish their compensation and duties causes us to bear the risk for services that are not fully paid for by customers. Consulting and staffing revenues are recognized when the services are rendered by the temporary employees. Payroll and related taxes of certain employees that are placed on temporary assignment are outsourced to third party payors or related party payors. The payors pay all related costs of employment for these employees, including workers' compensation insurance, state and federal unemployment taxes, social security and certain fringe benefits. We assume the risk of acceptability of the employees to customers. Payments for consulting and staffing services are typically due within 90 days of completion of services.

Deferred revenue results from transactions in which we have been paid for services by customers, but for which all revenue recognition criteria have not yet been met. Once all revenue recognition criteria have been met, the deferred revenues are recognized.

Sales tax collected is recorded on a net basis and is excluded from revenue.

## Contract Assets

The Company does not have any contract assets. All trade receivables on the Company's consolidated balance sheet are from contracts with customers.

## Contract Costs

Costs incurred to obtain a contract are capitalized unless they are short term in nature. As a practical matter, costs to obtain a contract that are short term in nature are expensed as incurred. The Company does not have any contract costs capitalized as of December 31, 2021 or December 31, 2020.

## Contract Liabilities - Deferred Revenue

The Company's contract liabilities consist of advance customer payments and deferred revenue. Deferred revenue results from transactions in which the Company has been paid for services by customers, but for which all revenue recognition criteria have not yet been met. Once all revenue recognition criteria have been met, the deferred revenues are recognized.

## Revenue Disaggregation

For each of the years, revenues can be categorized into the following:

Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Recruiters on Demand  $                         11,393,396  $  966,104   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Consulting and staffing services  7,569,253  6,684,053  Software Subscriptions  1,403,353  -  Full time placement fees  1,091,790  517,704  Marketplace Solutions  726,320  335,031  Total revenue  $                         22,184,112  $  8,502,892   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

As of December 31, 2021, and 2020, deferred revenue amounted to $746,449 and $51,537, respectively. Deferred revenue as of December 31, 2021 is categorized and expected to be recognized as follows:

## Expected Deferred Revenue Recognition Schedule

| Total  Deferred  12/31/21  Recognized  Q1 2022  Recognized  Q2 2022  Recognized  Q3 2022  Recognized  Q4 2022  Recognized  2023  Recruiters on Demand  $  161,701    $  89,379    $  72,322    $  -  $  -  $  -  Full time placement fees  326,333  219,283  107,050  -  -  -  Software Subscriptions  130,093  123,487  6,601  5  -  -  Marketplace  128,322  52,964  30,260  25,074  18,550  1,474  TOTAL  $  746,449    $  485,113    $  216,233    $  25,079  $  18,550  $  1,474   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from international sources was approximately 2.3% and 3.0% for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Cost of Revenue

Cost of revenue consist of employee costs, third party staffing costs and other fees, outsourced recruiter fees and commissions based on a percentage of Recruiting Solutions gross margin.

## Accounts Receivable

Credit is extended to customers based on an evaluation of their financial condition and other factors. Management periodically assesses the Company's accounts receivable and, if necessary, establishes an allowance for estimated uncollectible amounts. Accounts determined to be uncollectible are charged to operations when that determination is made. The Company usually does not require collateral. We have recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $934,219 and $33,000 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Bad debt expense was $927,847 and $12,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

## Property and Equipment

Property and equipment is stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is recognized over an asset's estimated useful life using the straight-line method beginning on the date an asset is placed in service. The Company regularly evaluates the estimated remaining useful lives of the Company's property and equipment to determine whether events or changes in circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining period of depreciation. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Depreciation expense for both the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $1,154.

## Concentration of Credit Risk and Significant Customers and Vendors

As of December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable balance, at 14% and 12%, for a total of 26%. As of December 31, 2020, two customers accounted for more than 10% of the accounts receivable balance, at 32% and 19% for a total of 51%.

For the year ended December 31, 2021 one customer accounted for 10% or more of total revenue, at 12%. For the year ended December 31, 2020 three customers accounted for 10% of more of total revenue, at 30%, 20% and 11%, for a total of 61%.

We use a related party firm located overseas for software development and maintenance related to our website and the platform underlying our operations. One of our officers and principal shareholders is an employee of this firm but exerts control over this firm (see Note 13).

We are a party to a license agreement with a related party firm (see Note 13). Pursuant to the license agreement the firm has granted us an exclusive license to use certain candidate matching software and render certain related services to us. If this relationship was terminated or if the firm was to cease doing business or cease to support the applications we currently utilize, we may be forced to expend significant time and resources to replace the licensed software. Further, the necessary replacements may not be available on a timely basis on favorable terms, or at all. If we were to lose the ability to use this software our business and operating results could be materially and adversely affected.

We use a related party firm to provide certain employer of record services (see Note 13).

## Advertising and Marketing Costs

The Company expenses all advertising and marketing costs as incurred. Advertising and marketing costs were $472,213 and $82,904 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in sales and marketing on the consolidated statements of operations.

## Fair Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements

The Company measures and discloses the fair value of assets and liabilities required to be carried at fair value in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures. ASC 820 defines fair value, establishes a hierarchical framework for measuring fair value, and enhances fair value measurement disclosure.

ASC 825 defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would transact and considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, such  as  inherent  risk,  transfer  restrictions,  and  risk  of  nonperformance.  ASC  825  establishes  a  fair  value  hierarchy  that  requires  an  entity  to  maximize  the  use  of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. ASC 825 establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:

Level 1 - Quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets to which we have access at the measurement date.

Level 2 - Inputs other than quoted prices within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.

Level 3 - Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

The determination of where assets and liabilities fall within this hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

The Company's investment in available for sale securities and warrant derivative liabilities are measured at fair value. The securities are measured based on current trading prices using Level 1 fair value inputs. The Company's derivative instruments are valued using Level 3 fair value inputs. The Company's contingent accrued earnout business acquisition consideration liability is considered Level 3 fair value liability instruments requiring period fair value assessments. This contingent consideration liability was recorded at fair value on the acquisition date and are re-measured quarterly based on the then assessed fair value and adjusted if necessary. The increases or decreases in the fair value of contingent consideration can result from changes in anticipated revenue levels and changes in assumed discount periods and rates. As the fair value measure is based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market, they are categorized as Level 3. As of December 31, 2021, the earn-out liability account balance as reported in the balance sheet is $578,591. In fair valuing these instruments, the income valuation approach is applied, and the valuation inputs include the  contingent  payment  arrangement  terms,  projected  revenues  and  cash  flows,  rate  of  return,  and  probability  assessments.  The  Company  does  not  have  any  other financial instruments which require re-measurement to fair value. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses, and loans payable represent fair value based upon their short-term nature.

A financial asset or liability's classification within the hierarchy is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The table below summarizes the fair values of our financial assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| Fair Value at  December 31,  Fair Value Measurement Using  2021  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Contingent consideration for acquisitions (Note 14)  $  578,591    $  -  $  -  $  578,591  Fair Value at  December 31,  Fair Value Measurement Using  2020  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Available for sale marketable securities (Note 4)  $  1,424  $  1,424  $  -  $  -  Derivative liability (Note 11)  $  11,537,997  $  -  $  -  $  11,537,997   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## F-12

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The reconciliation of the derivative liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (Level 3) is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Balance at January 1  $  11,537,997    $  612,042  Additions to derivative instruments  5,960,059  5,625,519  Reclassifications to equity upon modification or cancellation of warrants  (10,182,476)  2,642,175  (Gain) loss on change in fair value of derivative liability  (7,315,580)  2,658,261  Balance, December 31  $  -  $  11,537,997   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the Company's earn-out liability measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3), the following table provides a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for each category therein, and gains or losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021:

| 2021  Beginning balance January 1  $  -  Acquisitions and Settlements:  Novo Group Acquisition  543,297  Remeasurement adjustments:  Change in fair value of earn-out liability  35,294   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Table of Contents

Significant unobservable inputs used in the earn-out fair value measurements of the Company's contingent consideration liabilities designated as Level 3 are as follows:

| December 31, 2021  Fair value  $  578,591  Valuation technique  Discounted cash flow  Significant unobservable input  Projected revenue and probability  of achievement   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Business Combinations

For all business combinations (whether partial, full or step acquisitions), the Company records 100% of all assets and liabilities of the acquired business, including goodwill, generally at their fair values.

Goodwill represents the excess purchase price over the fair value of the tangible net assets and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Acquisition-related expenses are recognized separately from business combinations and are expensed as incurred. If the business combination provides for contingent consideration, the Company records the contingent consideration at fair value at the acquisition date. Changes in fair value of contingent consideration resulting from events after the acquisition date, such as earn-outs, are recognized as follows: 1) if the contingent consideration is classified as equity, the contingent consideration is not re-measured and its subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity, or 2) if the contingent consideration is classified as a liability, the changes in fair value and accretion costs are recognized in earnings. The increases or decreases in the fair value of contingent consideration can result from changes in anticipated revenue levels and changes in assumed discount periods and rates.

## Intangible Assets

Intangible assets consist primarily of the assets acquired from Genesys in 2019, including customer contracts and intellectual property, acquired on September 30, 2019, the assets acquired from Scouted and Upsider during the first quarter of 2021 (see Note 14), the assets acquired from OneWire during the second quarter of 2021 (see Note 14), and the assets acquired from Parrut and Novo Group during the third quarter of 2021 (see Note 14). Amortization expense is recorded on the straight-line basis over the estimated economic lives.

## Goodwill

Goodwill is comprised of the purchase price of business combinations in excess of the fair value assigned at acquisition to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized. The Company tests goodwill for impairment for its reporting units on an annual basis, or when events occur, or circumstances indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying value.

The Company performs its annual goodwill impairment assessment on December 31st of each year or as impairment indicators dictate (see Note 5).

When evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill, management first assess a range of qualitative factors, including but not limited to, macroeconomic conditions, industry conditions, the competitive environment, changes in the market for the Company's products and services, regulatory and political developments, entity specific factors  such  as  strategy  and  changes  in  key  personnel,  and  the  overall  financial  performance  for  each  of  the  Company's  reporting  units.  If,  after  completing  this assessment,  it  is  determined  that  it  is  more  likely  than  not  that  the  fair  value  of  a  reporting  unit  is  less  than  its  carrying  value,  we  then  proceed  to  the  quantitative impairment testing methodology primarily using the income approach (discounted cash flow method).

## F-13

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Under the quantitative method we compare the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, with its fair value, as determined by its estimated discounted cash flows. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then the amount of impairment to be recognized is recognized as the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value.

When required, we arrive at our estimates of fair value using a discounted cash flow methodology which includes estimates of future cash flows to be generated by specifically  identified  assets,  as  well  as  selecting  a  discount  rate  to  measure  the  present  value  of  those  anticipated  cash  flows.  Estimating  future  cash  flows  requires significant judgment and includes making assumptions about projected growth rates, industry-specific factors, working capital requirements, weighted average cost of capital, and current and anticipated operating conditions. The use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows could produce different results.

## Long-lived assets

Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the book value of the asset may not be recoverable. The Company periodically evaluates whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate possible impairment. When impairment indicators exist, the Company estimates the future undiscounted net cash flows of the related asset or asset group over the remaining life of the asset in measuring whether the long-lived asset should be written down to fair value. Measurement of the amount of impairment would be based on generally accepted valuation methodologies, as deemed appropriate. If the carrying amount is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, the carrying amount of the asset is reduced to the asset's fair value. An impairment loss is recognized immediately as an operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. Reversal of previously recorded impairment losses are prohibited (see Note 5).

## Marketable Securities

The Company has adopted Accounting Standards Update ('ASU') 2016-01, Financial Instruments - Overall: Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. ASU 2016-01 requires equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income, requires public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure purposes, requires separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset, and eliminates the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to estimate the

Table of Contents fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost. The unrealized loss on the marketable securities during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 has been included in a separate line item on the statement of operations, Net Recognized Loss on Marketable Securities.

## Software Costs

We capitalize certain software development costs incurred in connection with developing or obtaining software for internal use when both the preliminary project stage is completed,  and  it  is  probable  that  the  software  will  be  used  as  intended.  Capitalization  ceases  after  the  software  is  operational;  however,  certain  upgrades  and enhancements may be capitalized if they add functionality. Capitalized software costs include only (i) external direct costs of materials and services utilized in developing or obtaining software, (ii) compensation and related benefits for employees who are directly associated with the software project and (iii) interest costs incurred while developing internal-use software.

## Income Taxes

We utilize ASC 740 'Income Taxes' which requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in  the  financial  statements  or  tax  returns.  Under  this  method,  deferred  income  taxes  are  recognized  for  the  tax  consequences  in  future  years  of  differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their financial reporting amounts at each year-end based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income.

The Company recognizes the impact of a tax position in the financial statements only if that position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. Our practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties, if any, related to income tax matters in income tax expense.

## Stock-Based Compensation

We  account  for  our  stock-based  compensation  under  ASC  718  'Compensation  -  Stock  Compensation'  using  the  fair  value  based  method.  Under  this  method, compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the value of the award and is recognized over the shorter of the service period or the vesting period of the stockbased compensation. This guidance establishes standards for the accounting for transactions in which an entity exchanges it equity instruments for goods or services. It also addresses transactions in which an entity incurs liabilities in exchange for goods or services that are based on the fair value of the entity's equity instruments or that may be settled by the issuance of those equity instruments. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Determining the fair value of stock-based compensation at the grant date under this model requires judgment, including estimating volatility, employee stock  option  exercise  behaviors  and  forfeiture  rates.  The  assumptions  used  in  calculating  the  fair  value  of  stock-based  compensation  represent  the  Company's  best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment.

## F-14

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Table of Contents

## Convertible Instruments

The Company evaluates and accounts for conversion options embedded in its convertible instruments in accordance with various accounting standards.

ASC 480 'Distinguishing Liabilities From Equity' provides that instruments convertible predominantly at a fixed rate resulting in a fixed monetary amount due upon conversion with a variable quantity of shares ('stock settled debt') be recorded as a liability at the fixed monetary amount.

ASC 815 'Derivatives and Hedging' generally provides three criteria that, if met, require companies to bifurcate conversion options from their host instruments and account for them as free standing derivative financial instruments. These three criteria include circumstances in which (a) the economic characteristics and risks of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the host contract, (b) the hybrid instrument that embodies both the embedded derivative instrument and the host contract is not re-measured at fair value under otherwise applicable generally accepted accounting principles with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they occur, and (c) a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative instrument would be considered a derivative instrument. Professional standards also provide an exception to this rule when the host instrument is deemed to be conventional as defined under professional standards as 'The Meaning of Conventional Convertible Debt Instrument.'

The Company accounts for convertible instruments (when it has determined that the instrument is not a stock settled debt and the embedded conversion options should not  be  bifurcated  from  their  host  instruments)  in  accordance  with  professional  standards  when  'Accounting  for  Convertible  Securities  with  Beneficial  Conversion Features,' as those professional standards pertain to 'Certain Convertible Instruments.' Accordingly, the Company records, when necessary, discounts to convertible notes for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in debt instruments based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the note transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the note. Discounts under these arrangements are amortized over the term of the related debt to their earliest date of redemption. The Company also records when necessary deemed dividends for the intrinsic value of conversion options embedded in preferred shares based upon the differences between the fair value of the underlying common stock at the commitment date of the share transaction and the effective conversion price embedded in the preferred shares.

ASC 815-40 provides that generally if an event is not within the entity's control and could require net cash settlement, then the contract shall be classified as an asset or a liability.

## Derivative Instruments

In August 2020, the FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt-Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging-Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity. This ASU removes certain separation models in ASC 470-20 for convertible instruments, and, as a result, embedded conversion features that do not require bifurcation under ASC 815 are no longer subject to separation into an equity classified component. Consequently, a convertible debt instrument, shall be accounted for as a single liability measured at its amortized cost. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2021 using the modified retrospective transition method.

Table of Contents

## Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

There have not been any recent changes in accounting pronouncements and ASU issued by the FASB that are of significance or potential significance to the Company except as disclosed below.

In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, 'Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes.' This guidance, among other provisions, eliminates certain exceptions to existing guidance related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation, the methodology for calculating income taxes in an interim period and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. This guidance also requires an entity to reflect the effect of an enacted change in tax laws or rates in its effective income tax rate in the first interim period that includes the enactment date of the new legislation, aligning the timing of recognition of the effects from enacted tax law changes on the effective income tax rate with the effects on deferred income tax assets and liabilities. Under existing guidance, an entity recognizes the effects of the enacted tax law change on the effective income tax rate in the period that includes the effective date of the tax law. ASU 2019-12 is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after December 15, 2020, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of ASU 2019-12 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

## DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The Company's derivative financial instruments consisted of derivatives related to the warrants issued with the sale of our convertible notes in 2020 and 2021 (see Note 9) and the warrants issued with the sale of our Series D Preferred Stock in 2020 and 2019 (see Note 9 and 10). The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that we record the derivatives at their fair values as of the inception date of the debt agreements and at fair value as of each subsequent balance sheet date. Any change in fair value is recorded as non-operating, noncash income or expense at each balance sheet date. If the fair value of the derivatives was higher at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded a non-operating, non-cash charge. If the fair value of the derivatives was lower at the subsequent balance sheet date, we recorded non-operating, non-cash income. Upon the determination that an instrument is no longer subject to derivative accounting, the fair value of the derivative instrument at the date of such determination will be reclassified to paid-in capital. The entirety of our derivative financial instruments was eliminated in July 2021 upon conversion of certain outstanding warrants to common stock and agreement by investors to modify certain warrants to eliminate the feature creating the derivative liability in the remaining outstanding warrants (see Note 11).

## Leases

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02: 'Leases (Topic 842)' whereby lessees need to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability. The Company adopted this standard as of January 1, 2019 using the effective date method and applying the package of practical expedients to leases that commenced before the effective date whereby the Company elected not to reassess the following: (i) whether any expired or existing contracts contain leases, and (ii) initial direct costs for any existing leases. For contracts entered into after the effective date, at the inception of a contract the Company will assess whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. The Company's assessment will be based on: (1) whether the contract involves the use of a distinct identified asset, (2) whether we obtain the right to substantially all the economic benefit from the use of the asset throughout the period, and (3) whether it has the right to direct the use of the asset. The Company will allocate the consideration in the contract to each lease component based on its relative stand-alone price to determine the lease payments. The Company has elected not to recognize right of use assets and lease liabilities for short term leases that have a term of 12 months or less.

## Product Development

Product development costs are included in operating expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and consist of support, maintenance and upgrades of our website and IT platform and are charged to operations as incurred.

## Earnings (Loss) Per Share

The Company follows ASC 260 'Earnings Per Share' for calculating the basic and diluted earnings (or loss) per share. Basic earnings (or loss) per share are computed by dividing earnings (or loss) available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings (or loss) per share is computed similar to basic loss per share except that the denominator is increased to include the number of additional shares of common stock that would have been outstanding if the potential shares of common stock had been issued and if the additional shares were dilutive. Common stock equivalents are excluded from the diluted earnings (or loss) per share computation if their effect is anti-dilutive. Common stock equivalents in amounts of 9,668,635 and 9,709,468 were excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because their effects would have been anti-dilutive.

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  Options  2,671,177  676,304  Stock awards  229,100  221,600  Warrants  6,682,358  1,461,377  Convertible notes  -  730,077  Convertible preferred stock  86,000  6,620,110  9,668,635  9,709,468   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Business Segments

The Company uses the 'management approach' to identify its reportable segments. The management approach designates the internal organization used by management for  making  operating  decisions  and  assessing  performance  as  the  basis  for  identifying  the  Company's  reportable  segments.  Using  the  management  approach,  the Company determined that it has one operating segment.

## F-16

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

In  May  2021,  the  FASB  issued  ASU  2021-04,  'Earnings  Per  Share  (Topic  260),  Debt-Modifications  and  Extinguishments  (Subtopic  470-50),  Compensation-Stock Compensation  (Topic  718),  and  Derivatives  and  Hedging-Contracts  in  Entity's  Own  Equity  (Subtopic  815-40):  Issuer's  Accounting  for  Certain  Modifications  or Exchanges of Freestanding Equity-Classified Written Call Options (a consensus of the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force)'. The ASU addresses how an issuer should account for modifications or an exchange of freestanding written call options classified as equity that is not within the scope of another Topic. The amendments in this update are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years.  The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this ASU would have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, "Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers." This ASU requires contract assets and contract liabilities (e.g. deferred revenue) acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured by the acquirer on the acquisition date in accordance with ASC 606, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers". Generally, this new guidance will result in the acquirer recognizing contract assets and contract liabilities at the same amounts recorded by the acquiree. Historically, such amounts were recognized by the acquirer at fair value in purchase accounting. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted, including in interim periods, for any financial statements that have not yet been issued. The Company is currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this ASU would have on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

## NOTE 2 - GOING CONCERN

Management believes it may not have sufficient cash to fund its liabilities and operations for at least the next twelve months from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis which contemplates the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Company's management has evaluated whether there is substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and has determined that substantial doubt existed as of the date of the end of the period covered by this report. This determination was based on the following factors: (i) the Company used cash of approximately $9.0 million in operations in 2021; (ii) the Company's available cash as of the date of this filing will not be sufficient to fund its anticipated level of operations for the next 12 months; (iii) the Company will require additional financing for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 to continue at its expected level of operations; and (iv) if the Company fails to obtain the needed capital, it will be forced to delay, scale back, or eliminate some or all of its development activities or perhaps cease operations. In the opinion of management, these factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the ability of the Company to continue as a going concern as of the date of the end of the period covered by this report and for one year from the issuance of these consolidated financial statements.

In March 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 (coronavirus) caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the outbreak became increasingly widespread in the United States, including in each of the areas in which the Company operates. While to date, the Company has not been required to stop operating, management is evaluating its use of its office space, virtual meetings and the like. The Company  previously reduced certain billing rates to respond to the economic climate, however, those billing rates have returned to normal. Demand for recruiting solutions and our Platform improved in 2022 versus 2021.  The COVID-19 pandemic has been characterized by rises and falls of case numbers due to unforeseen factors and variants of concern and consequently has had varying amounts of impact on the Company's operations and financial prospects. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact operations, ability to obtain financing or future financial results is uncertain at this time.

The Company expects but cannot guarantee that demand for its recruiting solutions will continue to improve in 2022, as certain clients re-open or accelerate their hiring initiatives,  and  new  clients  utilize  its  services.  Overall,  management  is  focused  on  effectively  positioning  the  Company  for  a  rebound  in  hiring  which  the  Company believes will continue to happen in 2022. Ultimately, the recovery may be delayed and the economic conditions may worsen, depending upon changes in the impact from the  COVID-19 pandemic. The Company continues to closely monitor the confidence of its recruiter users and customers, and their respective job requirement load through offline discussions and Recruiter Index survey.

The Company also may depend on raising additional debt or equity capital to stay operational. The economic impact of COVID-19, should the COVID-19 pandemic worsen, may make it more difficult for the Company to raise additional capital when needed. The terms of any financing, if the Company is able to complete one, will likely not be favorable to the Company.

F-17

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.

## NOTE 3 - PREPAID EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS

The components of prepaid expenses and other current assets at December 31, 2021 and 2020, consisted of the following:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Prepaid shares issued for services  $  237,382    $  -  Prepaid expenses  175,263  140,514  Prepaid insurance  111,040  26,531  Other receivables  22,394  -  Prepaid expenses and other current assets  $  546,079    $  167,045   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 4 - INVESTMENT IN AVAILABLE FOR SALE MARKETABLE SECURITIES

The Company's investments in marketable equity securities are being held for an indefinite period and thus have been classified as available for sale. Cost basis of securities held as of both December 31, 2021 and 2020 was $42,720, and accumulated unrealized losses were $42,720 and $41,296 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020,

Table of Contents

respectively. The fair market value of available for sale marketable securities was $0 and $1,424 as of December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, based on 178,000 shares of common stock held in one entity with a per share market price of approximately $0.00 and 0.01, respectively.

Net losses on equity investments were as follows:

| Years Ended  December 31,  2021  2020  Net realized losses on investment sold or assigned  $  -  $  (2,543)  Net unrealized losses on investments still held  (1,424)  (19,873)  Total  $  (1,424)   $  (22,416)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The reconciliation of the investment in marketable securities is as follows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  Beginning Balance - December 31  $  1,424  $  44,766  Additions  -  -  Proceeds on sales of securities  -  (17,009)  Assignment of securities as compensation  -  (3,917)  Recognized losses  (1,424)  (22,416)  Ending Balance - December 31  $  -  $  1,424   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 5 - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

## Goodwill

Goodwill is derived from our 2019 business combination as well as our five business combinations in the first three quarters of 2021 (See Note 14). The aggregate goodwill recognized from our five 2021 acquisitions is $6,731,852 while the remaining goodwill from the 2019 acquisition was $3,517,315 at December 31, 2020. The Company performed a goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2021 using market data and discounted cash flow analysis. Based on that test, we have determined that the carrying value of goodwill related to the 2019 acquisition of Genesys was further impaired in the amount of $2,530,325 at September 30, 2021. Goodwill was determined not to be impaired further at December 31, 2021 based on year end tests.

## F-19

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 are as follows:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Carrying value - January 1  $  3,517,315  $  3,517,315  Goodwill acquired during the year  6,731,852  -  10,249,167  3,517,315  Impairment losses  (2,530,325)  -  Carrying value - December 31  $  7,718,842  $  3,517,315   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Intangible Assets

On March 31, 2019, the Company acquired Intangible assets totaling $1,910,072 from Genesys, including customer contracts and intellectual property which are being amortized over the three year useful life.

We entered into an executive employment agreement on July 1, 2020 (the 'Employment Agreement') with Chad MacRae as the Senior Vice President Recruiters on Demand. The Employment Agreement specifies that certain customer contracts, databases, and computer equipment were to be transferred to the Company in connection with the hiring of Mr. MacRae. Mr. MacRae's compensation package includes a $50,000 signing bonus and an annual base salary of $125,000. We have attributed the $50,000 signing bonus to the cost of the contracts acquired and are amortizing that cost over the estimated six-month economic life of the contracts.

During  2021,  we  acquired  certain  intangible  assets  pursuant  to  our  Scouted,  Upsider,  OneWire,  Parrut,  and  Novo  Group  acquisitions  described  in  Note  14.  These intangible assets aggregate approximately $11.6 million and consist primarily of sales and client relationships, contracts, intellectual property, partnership and vendor agreements and certain other assets. We completed the accounting and preliminary valuations of the assets acquired and, accordingly, the estimated fair values of these intangible assets are provisional pending the final valuations which will not exceed one year in accordance with ASC 805.

Intangible assets are summarized as follows:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Customer contracts  $  8,093,787  $  233,107  License  5,512,399  1,726,965  Domains  40,862  -  13,647,048  1,960,072  Less accumulated amortization  (3,905,216)  (1,164,208)  Carrying value  $  9,741,832  $  795,864   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amortization expense of intangible assets was $2,741,008 and $686,691 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the intangible assets acquired  in  business  combinations.  Future  amortization  of  intangible  assets  is  expected  to  be  approximately  as  follows:  2022,  $3,577,824;  2023  $3,418,651;  2024,

Table of Contents

$1,650,353;  2025,  $776,867;  2026,  $293,001;  and  thereafter,  $25,136.  The  Company  began  amortizing  intangible  assets  from  the  Scouted,  Upsider  and  OneWire acquisitions in the second quarter of 2021 and the Parrut and Novo Group acquisitions in the third quarter of 2021.

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

## Promissory Notes Payable

We received $250,000 in proceeds from an institutional investor pursuant to a promissory note dated May 6, 2021. The note bears interest at 12% per year and matures on May 6, 2023.

We issued a promissory note for $1,750,000 pursuant to the Parrut acquisition agreement dated July 7, 2021 (See Note 14). The note has a term of 24 months, bears interest at 6%, and matures on July 1, 2023. The note requires monthly payments of $77,561.

We issued a promissory note for $3,000,000 pursuant to the Novo Group acquisition agreement dated August 27, 2021 (See Note 14). The note has a term of 30 months, bears interest at 6%, and matures on February 1, 2024. The note requires monthly payments of $85,000 for the first 12 months, $110,000 for months 13 through 24,

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

## NOTE 6 - LIABILITY FOR SALE OF FUTURE REVENUES

During 2020 and 2019 we were party to two agreements related to the sale of future revenues. Both agreements were with the same party, had substantially the same terms, and were entered into in December 2019. Total repayments were $567,001. As a result, we recorded an initial discount of $142,491. Discounts related to the agreements were amortized to expense over the term of the agreements. One of the agreements was paid in full as of December 31, 2020. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we amortized $2,719 and $132,922 of discount, respectively, to interest expense. Unamortized discount is $0 and $2,719 at December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.  The  outstanding  gross  balance  due  before  discounts  pursuant  to  the  agreements  was  $0  and  $10,904  at  December  31,  2021  and  2020, respectively. During 2021 our remaining agreement related to the sale of future revenues was paid in full.

## NOTE 7 - RECEIVABLE  FINANCING AGREEMENT

In January 2020 we entered into an agreement with a lender that provides advances against the collection of accounts receivable. Advances made under the agreement are generally repayable in 45 days from the date of the advance and bear interest at 1.5% per month. Advances received under the agreement aggregated $180,778. In April 2020, the lender informed the Company that it would not be able to advance additional funds pursuant to this arrangement due to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have repaid the agreement in full during 2020.

## NOTE 8 - LOANS PAYABLE

## Lines of Credit

At December 31, 2020, we were party to two lines of credit with outstanding balances of $0. Advances under each of these lines of credit mature within 12 months of the advances. Availability under the two lines was $91,300 at December 31, 2020; however, due to COVID -19 uncertainty (see Note 2), the availability under both lines has been suspended in 2020. These lines were cancelled in 2021.

## Term Loans

We had outstanding balances of $50,431 and $77,040 pursuant to two term loans as of December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively, which mature in 2023. The loans originated in 2013 and 2018, respectively. The loans have variable interest rates, with current rates at 6.0% and 7.76%, respectively. Monthly payments under the loans were $1,691 and $1,008, respectively.

One of the term loans was a Small Business Administration ('SBA') loan. As a result of the COVID-19 uncertainty, the SBA has paid the loan for February and March 2021. The SBA made payments on our behalf of $3,382 during the three months ended March 31, 2021, which have been recorded as grant income in the financial statements. These payments were applied $2,992 to principal and $390 to interest expense for the three months ended June 30, 2021. The SBA made payments on our behalf of $10,768 during the year ended December 31, 2020, which have been recorded as grant income in the financial statements. These payments were applied $8,854 to principal and $1,914 to interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2020.

Our Chief Operating Officer, who is also a shareholder, had personally guaranteed the loans described above.

We have paid off the outstanding balance of both loans in February 2022 and no longer have any obligation related to such notes (See Note 16).

## Paycheck Protection Program Loan

During April and May 2020 the Company, through its four subsidiaries, received an aggregate of $398,545 in loans borrowed from a bank pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the CARES Act guaranteed by the SBA, which we expected to be forgiven in part or in full, subject to our compliance with the conditions of the Paycheck Protection Program. If not forgiven, the terms on the note provide for interest at 1% per year and the note mature in 24 months, with 18 monthly payments beginning after the initial 6-month deferral period for payments. We have applied for forgiveness for all loans. As of December 31, 2020, $373,795 of loans have been forgiven. We have classified the remaining balance of $24,750 as long term at December 31, 2020. We recorded forgiveness of debt income of $376,177 for the $373,795 of principal and $2,382 of related accrued interest forgiven in 2020.

During 2021 our remaining loan pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program under the CARES Act in the amount of $24,750 was forgiven. We recorded forgiveness of debt income of $24,925 for the $24,750 of principal and $175 of related accrued interest forgiven.

F-21

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

$155,000 for months 25 through 29, and  $152,357 for month 30.

The status of the loans payable as of December 31, 2021 and 2020 are summarized as follows:

| December 31,  2021  December 31,  2020  Term loans  $  50,431    $  77,040  Paycheck Protection Program Loan  -  24,750  Promissory notes payable  4,299,831  -  Total loans payable  4,350,262  101,790  Less current portion  (1,712,387)  (28,249)  Non-current portion  $  2,637,875  $  73,541   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Future principal payments of the loans payable are as follows:

| Year Ending December 31,  Amount  2022  $  1,712,387  2023  2,180,090  2024  457,785  Total minimum principal payments  $  4,350,262   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTE 9 - CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

## 2020 Debentures:

In May and June 2020, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, effective May 28, 2020 (the 'Purchase Agreement') with several accredited investors (the  'Purchasers').  Four  of  the  investors  had  previously  invested  in  the  Company's  preferred  stock.  Pursuant  to  the  Purchase  Agreement,  the  Company  sold  to  the Purchasers  a  total  of  (i)  $2,953,125  in  the  aggregate  principal  amount  of  12.5%  Original  Issue  Discount  Senior  Subordinated  Secured  Convertible  Debentures  (the 'Debentures'),  and  (ii)  738,282  common  stock  purchase  warrants  (the  'Warrants'),  which  represents  100%  warrant  coverage.  The  Company  received  a  total  of $2,226,000 in net proceeds from the offering, after deducting the 12.5% original issue discount of $328,125, offering expenses and commissions, including the placement agent's commission and fees of $295,000, reimbursement of the placement agent's and lead investor's legal fees and the Company's legal fees in the aggregate amount of $100,000 and escrow agent fees of $4,000. The Company also agreed to issue to the placement agent, as additional compensation, 147,657 common stock purchase warrants exercisable at $5.00 per share. The number of placement agent warrants issued was reduced on July 2, 2021 to 36,364, and the exercise price was increased to $6.25 (see Note 11).

The  Debentures  matured  on  May  28,  2021,  subject  to  a  nine-month  extension  at  the  Company's  option  which  was  taken  and  the  Company  incurred  $253,767  of penalty which is included in interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. The Debentures bear interest at 8% per annum payable quarterly, subject to an increase in case of an event of default as provided for therein. The Debentures are convertible into shares of Common Stock at any time following the date of issuance at the Purchasers' option at a conversion price of $4.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Debentures are subject to mandatory conversion in the event the Company closes an equity offering of at least $5,000,000 resulting in the listing of the Company's common stock on a national securities exchange. The Debentures rank senior to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, except for approximately $508,000 of outstanding senior indebtedness. The Company may prepay the Debentures at any time at a premium as provided for therein. On July 2, 2021, the 2020 Debentures were exchanged for common stock and warrants (See Note 11).

## F-22

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The Warrants are exercisable for three years from May 28, 2020 at an exercise price of $ 5.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments.

The Company's obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Debentures are secured by a first priority lien on all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to a Security Agreement, effective May 28, 2020 (the 'Security Agreement') by and among the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the Purchasers, subject to certain existing senior liens. The Company's obligations under the Debentures are guaranteed by the Company's subsidiaries.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, covenants  that  restrict  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries,  without  the  prior  written  consent  of  the  Debenture  holders,  to  incur  additional  indebtedness, including further advances under a certain pre-existing secured loan, and repay outstanding indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, repurchase stock, pay dividends or  enter  into  transactions  with  affiliates.  The  Debentures  contain  customary  events  of  default,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  failure  to  observe  covenants  under  the Debentures, defaults on other specified indebtedness, loss of admission to trading on OTCQB or another applicable trading market, and occurrence of certain change of control events. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, an amount equal to 130% of the principal, accrued but unpaid interest, and other amounts owing under each Debenture will immediately come due and payable at the election of each Purchaser, and all amounts due under the Debentures will bear interest at an increased rate.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers have certain participation rights in future equity offerings by the Company or any of its subsidiaries for a period of 24 months after the closing, subject to customary exceptions. The Debentures and the Warrants also contain certain price protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Debentures and/or exercise of the Warrants and the conversion or exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings.

During 2020, notes aggregating $91,600, plus related accrued interest of $4,400, were converted into 24,000 shares of common stock. Unamortized debt costs and debt discount of $13,647 and $25,956, respectively, were charged against the value of the common stock issued upon conversion.

We have incurred a total of $1,299,677 of debt costs related to the sale of the Debentures, including commissions, costs and fees of $366,500. We have also recorded a cost related to the fair value of the placement agent warrants of $933,177 (see Note 11). The costs are being amortized over the life of the notes. Amortization expense was $754,306 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Unamortized debt costs were $531,724 at December 31, 2020.

We have recorded a total of $1,653,448 of debt discount related to the sale of the Debentures, including original issue discount of $328,125. We have also recorded a discount related to the fair value of the warrants issued with the debt of $1,325,323 (see Note 11). The discount is being amortized over the life of the notes. Amortization expense was $953,517 for the year ended December 31, 2020. Unamortized debt discount was $673,975 at December 31, 2020.

Table of Contents

On November 23, 2020, we issued a convertible promissory note in the amount of $250,000 to a current stockholder and noteholder, and received proceeds of $250,000. The  note  bears  interest  at  5%  per  year  and  matures  on  March  24,  2021.  If  we  consummate  a  Qualified  Offering  on  or  before  March  24,  2021  then  the  remaining outstanding  and  unpaid  amount  of  this  note  will  automatically  be  converted  into  shares  of  our  common  stock  (or  units  of  common  stock  and  warrants  to  purchase common stock, if units are offered to the public in the Qualified Offering) at the Qualified Offering Price. 'Qualified Offering' shall mean an offering of common stock (and other securities potentially) for an aggregate price of at least $5,000,000 resulting in the listing for trading of the common stock on the NYSE American, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market or the New York Stock Exchange (or any successors to any of the foregoing). 'Qualified Offering Price' shall mean the price per share (or unit, if units are offered in the Qualified Offering) at which the Qualified Offering is made.

An Event of Default would occur if: (i) a default for five (5) days in payment of principal or interest on this Note; (ii) failure by the Borrower to comply with any material provision of this Note; (iii) the Borrower, pursuant to or within the meaning of any Bankruptcy Law (as defined herein): (A) commences a voluntary case; (B) consents to the entry of an order for relief against it in an involuntary case; (C) consents to the appointment of a Custodian (as defined herein) of it or for all or substantially all of its property; (D) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (E) admits in writing that it is generally unable to pay its debts as the same become due; or (iv) a court of competent jurisdiction enters an order or decree under any Bankruptcy Law that: (A) is for relief against the Borrower in an involuntary case; (B) appoints a Custodian of the Borrower for all or substantially all of its property; or (C) orders the liquidation of the Borrower, and the order or decree remains unstayed and in effect for sixty (60) days. 'Bankruptcy Law' means Title 11, U.S. Code, or any similar Federal or state law for the relief of debtors. The term 'Custodian' means any receiver, trustee, assignee, liquidator or similar official under any Bankruptcy Law.

Remedies. If an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Lender, may declare all of this Note to be due and payable immediately. The Lender, shall have all rights available to it at law or in equity. The Lender, may assess reasonable attorneys' fees, paralegals' fees and costs and expenses incurred or anticipated by the Lender in collecting  or  enforcing  payment  hereof  (whether  such  fees,  costs  or  expenses  are  incurred  in  negotiations,  all  trial  and  appellate  levels,  administrative  proceedings, bankruptcy  proceedings  or  otherwise),  and  together  with  all  other  sums  due  by  the  Borrower  hereunder,  all  without  any  relief  whatsoever  from  any  valuation  or appraisement laws, and payment thereof may be enforced and recovered in whole or in part at any time by one or more of the remedies provided to the Lender at law, in equity, or under this Note. In connection with the Lender's rights hereunder upon an Event of Default, the Lender need not provide, and the Borrower hereby waives, any presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, and the Lender, may immediately enforce any and all of its rights and remedies hereunder and all other remedies available to it in equity or under applicable law.

As  of  December  31,  2021,  the  Debentures  are  no  longer  in  effect.  At  December  31,  2020  the  outstanding  debentures  balance  was  $1,905,826,  net  of $1,205,699 unamortized discount. On July 2, 2021, the 2020 Debentures were exchanged for common stock and warrants (See Notes 10 and 11).

## 2021 Debentures:

During January 2021, the Company entered into two Securities Purchase Agreements, effective January 5, 2021 and January 20, 2021 (the 'Purchase Agreements'), with twenty  accredited  investors  (the  'Purchasers').  Pursuant  to  the  Purchase  Agreements,  the  Company  agreed  to  sell  to  the  Purchasers  a  total  of  (i)  $2,799,000  in  the aggregate principal amount of 12.5% Original Issue Discount Senior Subordinated Secured Convertible Debentures (the 'Debentures'), and (ii) 699,750 common stock purchase warrants (the 'Warrants'), which represents 100% warrant coverage. The Company received a total of $2,488,000 in gross proceeds from the offerings, after deducting the 12.5% original issue discount, before deducting offering expenses and commissions, including the placement agent's commission of $241,270 (10% of the gross proceeds less $7,500 paid to its legal counsel) and fees related to the offering of the Debentures of $93,530. The Company also agreed to issue to the placement agent, as additional compensation, 139,950 common stock purchase warrants exercisable at $5.00 per share (the 'PA Warrants'). The number of placement agent warrants was reduced on July 2, 2021 to 36,364, and the exercise price was increased to $6.25 (see Note 11).

The Debentures mature in January 2022 on the one year anniversary, subject to a nine-month extension at the Company's option. The Debentures bear interest at 8% per annum payable quarterly, subject to an increase in case of an event of default as provided for therein. The Debentures are convertible into shares of the Company's common stock (the 'Common Stock') at any time following the date of issuance at the Purchasers' option at a conversion price of $4.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments. The Debentures are subject to mandatory conversion in the event the Company closes an equity offering of at least $5,000,000 resulting in the listing of the Common Stock on a national securities exchange. The Debentures rank senior to all existing and future indebtedness of the Company and its subsidiaries, except for approximately $95,000 of outstanding senior indebtedness. In addition, the Debentures rank pari-passu with, and amounts owing thereunder shall be paid concurrently with,  payments  owing  pursuant  to  and  in  connection  with  that  certain  offering  by  the  Company  of  12.5%  Original  Issue  Discount  Senior  Subordinated  Secured Convertible Debentures due May 28, 2021 consummated in May and September 2020 in the aggregate principal amount of $2,953,125. The Company may prepay the Debentures at any time at a premium as provided for therein.

The Warrants are exercisable for three years from the dates of the Purchase Agreements at an exercise price of $5.00 per share, subject to certain adjustments.

The Company's obligations under the Purchase Agreement and the Debentures are secured by a first priority lien on all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiaries pursuant to Security Agreements, dated January 5, 2021 and January 20, 2021 (the 'Security Agreements') by and among the Company, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and the Purchasers, subject to certain existing senior liens. The Company's obligations under the Debentures are guaranteed by the Company's subsidiaries.

The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants of the Company, including, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, covenants  that  restrict  the  ability  of  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries,  without  the  prior  written  consent  of  the  Debenture  holders,  to  incur  additional  indebtedness, including further advances under a certain preexisting secured loan, and repay outstanding indebtedness, create or permit liens on assets, repurchase stock, pay dividends or  enter  into  transactions  with  affiliates.  The  Debentures  contain  customary  events  of  default,  including,  but  not  limited  to,  failure  to  observe  covenants  under  the Debentures, defaults on other specified indebtedness, loss of admission to trading on OTCQB or another applicable trading market, and occurrence of certain change of control events. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, an amount equal to 130% of the principal, accrued but unpaid interest, and other amounts owing under each Debenture will immediately come due and payable at the election of each Purchaser, and all amounts due under the Debentures will bear interest at an increased rate.

Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers have certain participation rights in future equity offerings by the Company or any of its subsidiaries after the closing, subject to customary exceptions. The Debentures and the Warrants also contain certain price protection provisions providing for adjustment of the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Debentures and/or exercise of the Warrants and the conversion or exercise price in case of future dilutive offerings.

## F-23

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

In February 2021, the holder of a $250,000 November 2020 promissory note elected to convert the $250,000 note, plus accrued interest of $2,430, into $283,984 principal amount of Debentures (including 12.5% Original Issue Discount of $31,554) based on the same terms as those issued in January 2021 (described above), plus 70,996 Warrants.

We have incurred a total of $1,254,779 of debt costs related to the issuance of the 2021 Debentures, including commissions, costs and fees of $334,800. We have also recorded a cost related to the fair value of the placement agent warrants of $919,979 (see Note 11). The costs which have been recorded as debt discounts are being

Table of Contents amortized over the life of the notes. Amortization expense was $575,503 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Unamortized debt costs of $679,276 were charged off against paid in capital upon the exchange of the notes for common stock in July 2021 (see Note 10) and were $0 at December 31, 2021.

We have recorded a total of $1,796,651 of debt discount related to the sale of the 2021 Debentures and February 2021 note exchange, including original issue discount of $342,554 and a warrant discount of $1,454,097 at fair value for the warrants issued with the debt (see Note 11). The discount is being amortized over the life of the notes. Amortization expense was $808,985 for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. Unamortized debt discount of $987,666 was charged off against paid in capital upon the exchange of the notes for common stock in July 2021 (see Note 10) and was $0 at December 31, 2021.

On July 2, 2021, the 2021 Debentures were exchanged for common stock and warrants (See Notes 10 and 11, respectively) and the 2021 Debentures are no longer in effect.

## NOTE 10 - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

## Preferred Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company had 86,000 and 1,324,022 shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively.

Series E preferred stock has a stated value of $20 per share, which is convertible at any time after issuance at the option of the holder, subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99% or if waived, 9.99%, into common stock based on the stated value per share divided by $4.00 per share, subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits, stock dividends or reverse splits. Holders of Series E Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with holders of the common stock on an as-converted basis, subject to a beneficial ownership limitation of 4.99% or if waived, 9.99%. If at any time while any shares of Series E Preferred Stock remain outstanding and any triggering event contained in the COD for such series occurs, the Company shall pay within three days to each holder $210 per each $1,000 of the stated value of each such holder's shares of Series E Preferred Stock.

## Series D Convertible Preferred Stock

During 2020 we have issued to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock an aggregate of 106,134 additional shares of Series D Preferred Stock as consideration for waivers of penalties discussed below.

In February 2020, the Company issued 64,500 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 12,900 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

On June 9, 2020, the Company sold 1,375 Series D preferred stock units (the 'Units') at a purchase price of $18.1818 per Unit, taking into account a 10% discount, each Unit consisting of one share of Series D Preferred Stock and a warrant to purchase 2.5 shares of common stock, subject to adjustment as provided for therein. The Series D Preferred Stock sold in the financing converts into a minimum of 6,876 shares of common stock. The Company received gross proceeds of $25,000 from the sale of the Units. The 3,438 warrants are exercisable for five years from the issuance date at an exercise price of $12.00 per share, subject to adjustment as provided for therein.

In June 2020, the Company issued 62,800 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 12,560 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In July 2020, the Company issued 44,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8,800 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In January 2021, the Company issued 45,390 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 9,078 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock. Pursuant to an agreement with the holder, 8,755 shares of Series D preferred stock and 133,341 Series D warrants were cancelled in January 2021.

In February 2021, the Company issued 220,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 44,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In March 2021, the Company issued 106,875 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 21,375 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In April 2021, the Company issued 40,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In April 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 10,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In April 2021, the Company issued 101,560 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 20,312 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In May 2021, the Company issued 150,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 30,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 1,293,430 shares of its common stock upon the conversion of 376,275 shares of its Series D preferred stock.

There is no Series D Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021.

## Series E Convertible Preferred Stock

In January 2020, the Company issued 15,704 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 3,141 shares of Series E Preferred Stock.

On July 2, 2021, upon agreement with the Series E preferred stockholders, the Company issued 3,229,225 shares of its common stock upon the conversion of 645,845 shares of its Series E preferred stock.

## Series F Convertible Preferred Stock

In January and February 2020, the Company issued 321,366 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 64,272 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

In April 2020, the Company issued 55,570 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 11,114 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

In February 2021, the Company issued 81,195 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 16,239 shares of its Series F Preferred Stock.

In March 2021, the Company issued 6,479 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 1,296 shares of its Series F Preferred Stock.

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 234,237 shares of its common stock upon the conversion of 46,847 shares of its Series F preferred stock.

There is no Series F Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding as of December 31, 2021.

## Preferred Stock Penalties

On March 31, 2019, we entered into certain agreements with investors pursuant to which we issued convertible preferred stock and warrants, as described above. Each of the series of preferred stock and warrants required us to reserve shares of common stock in the amount equal to two times the common stock issuable upon conversion of the preferred stock and exercise of the warrants. We did not comply in part due to our attempts to manage the Delaware tax which increases to a maximum of $200,000 as the authorized capital increases without the simultaneous increase in the number of shares outstanding. In May 2020 following stockholder approval at a special meeting the Company effected a reincorporation from Delaware to Nevada and a simultaneous increase in our authorized common stock from 31,250,000 shares to 250,000,000 shares, which we expect will be sufficient to meet the reserve requirements. As of December 31, 2019, we estimated that we owed approximately $6 million in penalties (prior to any waivers of penalties) to holders of preferred stock. Subsequent to December 31, 2019, we have received waivers from a substantial number of the preferred shareholders with respect to these penalties. We have agreed to issue to the holders of Series D Preferred Stock an aggregate of 106,134 additional shares of Series D Preferred Stock (valued at $1,929,516) as consideration for the waivers. We have accrued this cost at December 31, 2019. Additionally, certain holders of Series E and Series F Preferred Stock have not waived the penalties. We have accrued $308,893 at December 31, 2019 related to these Series E and Series F Preferred holders. Because of our ongoing liquidity problems, we will be required to cease operations if faced with material payment requests from investors who did not agree to waive the penalties. The total accrued penalty amount of $2,238,314 was included in accrued expenses on the balance sheet at December 31, 2019. The $1,929,516 accrual was reclassified to equity during the three months ended March 31, 2020 as a result of our issuance of the 106,134 shares of Series D Preferred Stock. At both December 31, 2021 and 2020, the remaining balance of $308,798 is included in accrued expense on the consolidated balance sheets.

## Common Stock

The Company is authorized to issue 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2021, and 2020 the Company had 14,566,420 and 2,201,604 shares of common stock outstanding, respectively.

On June 18, 2021 the Company filed an Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to effectuate a reverse split of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock at  an  exchange  ratio  of  1-for-2.5.  The  reverse  stock  split  was  effective  as  of  June  18,  2021.  Simultaneously  with  the  reverse  stock  split,  the  Company  reduced  the authorized  shares  from  250,000,000  to  100,000,000.  All  share  and  per  share  data  in  the  accompanying  consolidated  financial  statements  and  footnotes  has  been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split.

## Shares Issued For Cash

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 2,400,000 units at a price of $5.00 per unit consisting of 2,400,000 shares of common stock and 2,400,000 common stock warrants with an exercise price of $5.50 in an underwritten public offering.

On July 8, 2021 the Company issued 360,000 units at a price of $5.00 per share consisting of 360,000 shares of common stock and 360,000 common stock warrants with an exercise price of $5.50 upon exercise of the underwriter's over-allotment option as part of the underwritten public offering.

The  Company received  gross  proceeds  of  $13,800,000  from  the  underwritten  public  offering  discussed  above  before  deducting  underwriting  discounts  and  offering expenses.

## Shares granted for services

Effective January 15, 2020 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a term of six months. Pursuant to the agreement the Company agreed to issue 24,000 shares of restricted common stock, plus a payment of $15,000. The shares are fully vested upon issuance and have been valued at $75,000, based on the quoted market price of our common stock on the grant date. The shares were issued on April 3, 2020. We have recorded compensation expense of $75,000 for the share portion of the agreement and expense of $15,000 for the cash portion during the year ended December 31, 2020.

Effective January 15, 2020 the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a term of three months. Pursuant to the agreement the Company agreed to issue 12,000 shares of restricted common stock, earned monthly over the three-month term of the agreement. The shares are fully vested upon issuance and have been valued at $45,500, based on the quoted market price of our common stock on the vesting dates. The shares were issued on April 3, 2020. We have recorded compensation expense of $45,500 during year ended December 31, 2020.

In July 2020, the Company issued 4,800 shares of its common stock pursuant to a consulting agreement entered into in June 2020. The shares are fully vested upon issuance. The shares have been valued at $34,200 based on the quoted market price of our common stock. This expense was accrued at June 30, 2020.

In March 2021, we issued to Mr. Sohn 1,625 shares of common stock as payment for $16,425 of compensation which had been accrued at December 31, 2020.

In April 2021, we issued 20,000 shares to a vendor for services valued at $152,500.

## Restricted Stock Units

On June 18, 2020 the Company awarded to Mr. Sohn 221,600 restricted stock units (the 'RSUs') subject to and issuable upon the listing of the Company's common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market or NYSE American, or any successor of the foregoing (the 'Uplisting'). The RSUs will vest over a two-year period from the date of the Uplisting in equal quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter, with the first portion vesting on the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Uplisting takes place, subject to Mr. Sohn serving as an executive officer of the Company on each applicable vesting date, provided that the RSUs shall vest in full immediately upon the termination of Mr. Sohn's employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Employment Agreement). The RSU award has been valued at $1,662,000 and compensation expense will be recorded over the estimated vesting period. We recognized compensation expense of $595,343 and $322,478 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The shares have not been issued at December 31, 2021.

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

In August 2021, we granted 25,000 RSUs to a vendor for services valued at $101,250.The cost was recognized over the two month vesting period and included in stock-based compensation.

Between November 17, 2021 and December 7, 2021, the Company granted 133,790 RSUs to vendors for services valuated at $393,739. 126,290 of which have been issued as of December 31, 2021. The cost is recognized between a one and twelve month period. We recognized compensation expense of $129,357 during the year ended December 31, 2021.

Restricted stock grant activity for the two years ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Stock  Awards  Outstanding at December 31, 2019  322,837  Granted  221,600  Vested  (322,837)  Forfeited or cancelled  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  221,600  Granted  158,790  Vested and issued  (151,290)  Vested and issuable  (83,100)  Forfeited or cancelled  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  146,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Shares issued upon exchange of preferred stock

In January 2020, the Company issued 15,704 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 3,141 shares of Series E Preferred Stock.

In January and February 2020, the Company issued 321,366 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 64,272 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

In February 2020, the Company issued 64,500 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 12,900 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In April 2020, the Company issued 55,570 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 11,114 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

In June 2020, the Company issued 62,800 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 12,560 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In July 2020, the Company issued 44,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8,800 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In January 2021, the Company issued 45,390 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 9,078 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In February 2021, the Company issued 220,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 44,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In February 2021, the Company issued 81,195 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 16,239 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

In March 2021, the Company issued 106,876 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 21,375 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In March 2021, the Company issued 6,479 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 1,296 shares of Series F Preferred Stock.

In April 2021, the Company issued 40,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 8,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In April 2021, the Company issued 50,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 10,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In April 2021, the Company issued 101,560 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 20,312 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

In May 2021, the Company issued 150,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of 30,000 shares of its Series D Preferred Stock.

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 1,293,430 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 376,275 shares of its Series D preferred stock.

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 3,229,225 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 645,845 shares of its Series E preferred stock.

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 234,237 shares of common stock upon the conversion of 46,847 shares of its Series F preferred stock.

## Shares issued upon exchange of common stock warrants

On July 2, 2021 upon agreement with the Series D warrant holders, the Company issued 522,108 shares of common stock upon the exchange of 522,108 Series D warrants in conjunction with the July 2, 2021 offering.

## F-26

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

## Shares issued upon conversion of convertible notes

In December 2020, the Company issued 24,000 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $91,600 of convertible notes payable and related accrued interest of $4,400.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company issued 89,172 shares of its common stock upon conversion of $354,387 of convertible notes payable and related accrued interest of $2,302 (See Note 9)

## Table of Contents

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 1,489,444 shares of common stock upon the conversion of $5,588,359 of convertible debentures outstanding, $115,593 of accrued interest through July 2, 2021 and a penalty amount of $253,767 on the convertible debentures issued in May/September 2020. The unamortized discount of $1,666,314 was charged to additional paid-in capital resulting in a net credit to equity of $4,291,102.

## Shares issued for Business Acquisitions

In 2021, we issued a total of 224,163 issuable shares of common stock pursuant to the Scouted acquisition. In 2021, we issued 271,153 shares of common stock pursuant to the Upsider acquisition. In May 2021, we issued a total of 155,327 shares of common stock pursuant to the OneWire acquisition. In July 2021, we issued a total of 257,545 shares of common stock pursuant to the Parrut acquisition. In August 2021, we issued a total of 508,711 shares of common stock pursuant to the Novo Group acquisition. In September 2021, we issued a total of 321,390 shares of common stock pursuant to the earn-out provision of the Upsider acquisition. All transactions are more fully described in Note 14.

## NOTE 11 - STOCK OPTIONS AND WARRANTS

## Stock Option Plans

## 2014 Equity Incentive Plan

The 2014 Equity Compensation Plan ('2014 Plan') is administered by the Board and provides for the issuance of up to 2,554 shares of common stock. Under our 2014 Plan, we may grant stock options, restricted stock, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance units, performance shares and other stock based awards. As of December 31, 2020 no awards are outstanding under the 2014 Plan. The Company does not anticipate granting any awards under the 2014 plan in the future. The 2014 plan was cancelled in 2021.

## 2017 Equity Incentive Plan

In October 2017, our Board and shareholders authorized the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (the '2017 Plan'), covering 190,000 shares of common stock. In December 2019, the number of shares authorized under the 2017 Plan was increased to 439,584 shares. The purpose of the 2017 Plan is to advance the interests of the Company and our related corporations by enhancing the ability of the Company to attract and retain qualified employees, consultants, officers, and directors, by creating incentives and rewards  for  their  contributions  to  the  success  of  the  Company  and  its  related  corporations.  The  2017  Plan  is  administered  by  our  Board  or  by  the  Compensation Committee. The following awards may be granted under the 2017 Plan:

- incentive stock options ('ISOs')
- non-qualified options ('NSOs')
- awards of our restricted common stock
- stock appreciation rights ('SARs')
- restricted stock units ('RSUs')

Any option granted under the 2017 Plan must provide for an exercise price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and not less than $4.00 per share, but the exercise price of any ISO granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10% of our outstanding common stock must not be less than  110%  of  fair  market  value  on  the  date  of  the  grant.  The  plans  further  provide  that  with  respect  to  ISOs  the  aggregate  fair  market  value  of  the  common  stock underlying the options which are exercisable by any option holder during any calendar year cannot exceed $100,000. The exercise price of any NSO granted under the 2017 Plan is determined by the Board at the time of grant, but must be at least equal to fair market value on the date of grant. The term of each plan option and the manner in which it may be exercised is determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, provided that no option may be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of its grant and, in the case of an incentive option granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10% of the common stock, no more than five years after the date of the grant. The terms of any other type of award under the 2017 Plan is determined by the Board at the time of grant. Subject to the limitation on the aggregate number of shares issuable under the plans, there is no maximum or minimum number of shares as to which a stock grant or plan option may be granted to any person.

F-27

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

In May 2020, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Company's 2017 Equity Incentive Plan was increased to 685,600 shares. In June 2020, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Company's 2017 Equity Incentive Plan was further increased to 1,108,000 shares. In December 2020, the number of shares authorized for issuance under the Company's 2017 Equity Incentive Plan was further increased to 1,308,000 shares.

## 2021 Equity Incentive Plan

In July 2021, our Board and shareholders authorized the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the '2021 Plan'), covering 2,700,000 shares of common stock. In January 2022, the number of shares authorized under the 2021 Plan was automatically increased to 3,427,946 shares pursuant to an escalation provision in the plan. The purpose of the 2021 Plan  is  to  advance  the  interests  of  the  Company  and  our  related  corporations  by  enhancing  the  ability  of  the  Company  to  attract  and  retain  qualified  employees, consultants, officers, and directors, by creating incentives and rewards for their contributions to the success of the Company and its related corporations. The 2021 Plan is administered by our Board or by the Compensation Committee. The following awards may be granted under the 2021 Plan:

- incentive stock options ('ISOs')
- non-qualified options ('NSOs')
- awards of our restricted common stock
- stock appreciation rights ('SARs')
- restricted stock units ('RSUs')

Table of Contents

Any option granted under the 2021 Plan must provide for an exercise price of not less than 100% of the fair market value of the underlying shares on the date of grant and not less than $4.00 per share, but the exercise price of any ISO granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10% of our outstanding common stock must not be less than  110%  of  fair  market  value  on  the  date  of  the  grant.  The  plans  further  provide  that  with  respect  to  ISOs  the  aggregate  fair  market  value  of  the  common  stock underlying the options which are exercisable by any option holder during any calendar year cannot exceed $100,000. The exercise price of any NSO granted under the 2021 Plan is determined by the Board at the time of grant, but must be at least equal to fair market value on the date of grant. The term of each plan option and the manner in which it may be exercised is determined by the Board or the Compensation Committee, provided that no option may be exercisable more than 10 years after the date of its grant and, in the case of an incentive option granted to an eligible employee owning more than 10% of the common stock, no more than five years after the date of the grant. The terms of any other type of award under the 2021 Plan is determined by the Board at the time of grant. Subject to the limitation on the aggregate number of shares issuable under the plans, there is no maximum or minimum number of shares as to which a stock grant or plan option may be granted to any person.

F-28

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Table of Contents

## Stock Options Granted

On May 14, 2020 the Company granted to its current Chief Financial Officer 10,435 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $6.25 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest in six equal monthly installments on the last calendar day of each calendar month, with the first portion vesting on May 31, 2020, subject to serving as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on each applicable vesting date, provided that the options shall vest in full upon the listing of the Company's securities on NYSE American or the Nasdaq Capital Market. The award has been valued at $65,210 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $65,210 related to the options during the year ended December 31, 2020. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 344%, (3) riskfree interest rate of 0.31%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On May 14, 2020 the Company granted to its current Chief Financial Officer 172,500 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $6.25 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest over a two-year period in equal quarterly installments on the last day of each calendar quarter, with the first portion vesting on the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Company's securities begin trading on NYSE American or the Nasdaq Capital Market, subject to serving as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company on each applicable vesting date. The award has been valued at $1,077,999 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the estimated vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $234,348 related to the options during year ended December 31, 2020. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 344%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.31%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On May 14, 2020 the Company granted to a consultant 10,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $6.25 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of one year. The options vested in full upon completion of a certain project, which occurred in the third quarter of 2020. The award  has  been  valued  at  $49,304  using  the  Black  Sholes  model  and  compensation  expense  will  be  recorded  over  the  estimated  vesting  period.  We  have  recorded compensation expense of $49,304 related to the options during the year ended December 31, 2020. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 250%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.15%, (4) expected term of 1 year.

On July 7, 2020 the Company granted to Chad MacRae, Senior Vice President Recruiters on Demand, 100,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.63 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest in twelve equal monthly installments on the last calendar day of each calendar month, with the first portion vesting on July 31, 2020, subject to continued employment with the Company. The award has been valued at $462,447 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $231,224 to the options during the year ended December 31, 2020. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 345%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.31%, (4) expected term of 5 years. Pursuant to his employment agreement, upon attaining a performance condition, and subject to Board approval, Mr. MacRae will be issued an additional 100,000 options with an exercise price determined at the date of satisfaction of the performance condition. These additional options, if issued, will vest quarterly over two years.

On October 1, 2020 the Company granted to a director 20,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $5.00 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over three years with the first vesting on date of grant. The award has been valued at $79,990 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $13,332 related to the options during the year ended December 31, 2020. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 345%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.27%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On November 9, 2020 the Company granted to an employee 14,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.63 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over three years. The award has been valued at $64,743 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $4,586 related to the options during the year ended December 31, 2020. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 345%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.44%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

F-29

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

On February 10, 2021 the Company granted to a director 20,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $6.75 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over three years with the first portion vesting on May 10, 2021. The options have been valued at $134,986 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $11,249 and $17,549 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, respectively. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 354%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.8%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On March 9, 2021 the Company granted to employees an aggregate of 159,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $8.625 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over one year, with the first portion vesting on September 9, 2021. The options  have  been  valued  at  $1,371,231  using  the  Black  Sholes  model  and  compensation  expense  will  be  recorded  over  the  vesting  period.  We  have  recorded

Table of Contents compensation expense of $342,808 and $428,510 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, respectively. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 346%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.8%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On March 24, 2021 the Company granted to a director 20,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $8.125 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over three years, with the first portion vesting on September 24, 2021. The options have been valued at $162,491 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $13,541 and $14,669 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021, respectively. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 359%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.83%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On May 5, 2021 the Company granted to employees an aggregate of 11,800 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $8.125 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over one year, with the first portion vesting on August 8, 2021. The options have been valued at $95,925 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $15,988 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 350%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.8%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On May 5, 2021 the Company granted to employees an aggregate of 12,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $8.125 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over two years, with the first portion vesting on August 8, 2021. The options have been valued at $97,551 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $8,129 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 350%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.8%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On May 5, 2021 the Company granted to consultants an aggregate of 16,600 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $8.125 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over one year, with the first portion vesting on August 8, 2021. The options have been valued at $134,946 using the Black Sholes model and compensation expense will be recorded over the vesting period. We have recorded compensation expense of $22,491 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 350%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.8%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

## F-30

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

On May 5, 2021 the Company granted to consultants an aggregate of 8,800 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $8.125 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vested immediately upon issuance. We have recorded compensation expense of $71,538 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 350%, (3) riskfree interest rate of 0.8%, (4) expected term of 5 years.

On June 30, 2021 the Company granted to an employee 29,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.50 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of one year. The options vested immediately upon issuance. We have recorded compensation expense of $65,315 related to the options during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2021. The assumptions used in the Black Scholes model are as follows: (1) dividend yield of 0%; (2) expected volatility of 135%, (3) risk-free interest rate of 0.07%, (4) expected term of 1 year.

On July 8, 2021 the Company granted to employees an aggregate of 110,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.96 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over two years, with the first portion vesting on October 8, 2021.

On August 26, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 25,050 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.96 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on August 26, 2022.

On August 31, 2021, the Company granted to a consultant 35,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.05 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vested 50% after 60 days and 50% after 180 days, with the first portion having vested on October 31, 2021.

On August 31, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 10,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.05 per share, under the terms of the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over two years, with the first portion vesting on November 30, 2021.

On August 31, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 25,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.05 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on August 31, 2022.

On September 1, 2021, the Company granted to a consultant 300,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.65 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vested 25% at grant date on September 1, 2021 and 75% on March 1, 2023.

On September 6, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 100,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.65 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options were vested at grant date on September 6, 2022.

On September 10, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 7,500 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.96 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over two years, with the first portion vesting on December10, 2021.

On September 10, 2021, the Company granted to employees 349,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.96 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over two years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on September 10, 2022.

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

On September 10, 2021, the Company granted to employees 274,500 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.96 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with the first portion vesting on December 10, 2021.

On September 13, 2021, the Company granted to employees 200,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $4.59 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over two years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on September 10, 2022.

On September 13, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 50,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.97 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with the first portion vesting on December 13, 2021.

On October 3, 2021, the Company granted to employees 90,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.45 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on October 3, 2022.

On October 3, 2021, the Company granted to employees 43,900 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.45 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with the first portion vesting on January 3, 2022.

On October 3, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 100,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.45 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest monthly over two years, with an eighth of the options vesting immediately.

On October 28, 2021, the Company granted to employees 72,500 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $2.96 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on October 28, 2022.

On November 23, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 7,500 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.31 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with the first portion vesting on February 23, 2022.

On December 3, 2021, the Company granted to employees 242,850 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $2.86 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with a one year cliff, with the first portion vesting on October 28, 2022.

On December 7, 2021, the Company granted to a consultant 35,000 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.60 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options vested 50% at January 2, 2022 and 50% on February 2, 2022.

On December 10, 2021, the Company granted to an employee 7,500 options to purchase common stock, exercisable at $3.96 per share, under the terms of the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan. The options have a term of five years. The options will vest quarterly over four years, with the first portion vesting on March 10, 2022.

The Company recorded stock-based compensation expense on stock options of $4,257,434 and $2,154,457 in its consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and such amounts were included as a component of general and administrative expense.

The fair values of stock options granted during 2021 were estimated using Black-Sholes option-pricing model with the following assumptions:

| December  31, 2021  Risk-free interest rates  0.07%-1.33%  Expected life (in years)  1.00 - 5.00  Expected volatility  136%-347%  Dividend yield  0.00%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Options  Outstanding  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price  Weighted  Average  Remaining Life  (In Years)  Aggregate  Intrinsic Value  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  676,304  3.36  3.55  603,819  Granted  2,364,500  4.44  Exercised  -  -  Expired or cancelled  (369,627)  4.83  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  2,671,177  $  4.32  4.16  53,670  Exercisable at December 31, 2021  494,159    $  3.89  2.71  53,670   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## F-32

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

As of December 31, 2021, there was approximately $5,724,845 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options which vest over time and is expected to be recognized over a period of four years, as follows: 2022, $2,988,754; 2023,$1,596,575; 2024, $652,168; and 2025, $487,348. The intrinsic value of options outstanding is $53,670 at December 31, 2021 and the intrinsic value of options exercisable is $53,670 at December 31, 2021.

## Warrants

## Placement Agent Warrants

On January 5, 2021 and January 20, 2021, the Company issued 28,125 and 111,825 three year term common stock warrants respectively for a total of 139,950 warrants with an exercise price of $5.00. On July 2, 2021, the 139,950 warrants were reduced to 36,364 with an exercise price of $6.25. See "Convertible Debenture Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants' below.

## Note Holder Warrants

On January 5, 2021, January 20, 2021 and February 3, 2021, the Company issued 140,625, 559,125, and 70,996 three year term common stock warrants respectively for a total  of  770,746  warrants  with  an  exercise  price  of  $5.00.  On  July  2,  2021,  the  770,746  warrants  were  increased  to  772,303  with  an  exercise  price  of  $5.00.  See "Convertible Debenture Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants' below

## Pre-Funded Warrants

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued a pre-funded three year term warrant to purchase 587,945 shares of common stock to one previous Series D holder. The warrants have an exercise price of $0.01. The Company determined the pre-funded warrant qualified for equity accounting and is included in stockholders' equity (deficit) as common stock to be issued at December 31, 2021.

## Warrants for underwritten public offering

Effective July 2, 2021, we closed an upsized underwritten public offering of 2,400,000 units at a price to the public of $5.00 per unit, for gross proceeds of $12,000,000 before deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses. Each unit consists of one share of common stock and one five year warrant to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of $5.50 per share. The common stock and warrants were immediately separable from the units and were issued separately.

## Underwriter Warrants

Underwriters purchased 360,000 five year warrants with a $5.50 exercise price at a price of $0.01 per share and closed the sale of an additional 360,000 shares of common stock at a price of $4.99 per share less underwriting discounts and commissions, pursuant to the exercise of the underwriter's over-allotment option in connection with the underwritten public offering that closed on July 2, 2021.

## Representative Warrants

On July 2, 2021 the Company issued 240,000 five year Representative warrants with an exercise price of $6.25 in conjunction with the underwritten public offering.

## Warrants upon conversion of Convertible Debentures

On  July  2,  2021,  the  Company  issued  1,489,596  common  stock  warrants  with  an  exercise  price  of  $5.50  in  conjunction  with  the  conversion  of  all  $5,588,359  of convertible  debentures  outstanding,  $115,593  of  accrued  interest  through  July  2,  2021  and  a  penalty  amount  of  $253,767  on  the  convertible  debentures  issued  in May/September 2020 (as discussed previously in Note 10 under Common Stock).

## Warrants for Service

On April 1, 2021, the Company issued 20,000 three year term warrants to a consultant with an exercise price of $5.00.

## F-33

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Table of Contents

## Warrants Recorded as Derivative Liabilities

## Series D Preferred Stock Warrants

As discussed below, the Company issued an aggregate 889,376 warrants in 2020 in connection with the sale of Series D preferred shares and convertible debentures, including placement agent fees.

The Company identified embedded features in the warrants issued with Series D Preferred Stock in 2019 and 2020 which caused the warrants to be classified as a derivative liability. These embedded features included the right for the holders to request for the Company to cash settle the warrants to the holder by paying to the holder an amount of cash equal to the Black-Scholes value of the remaining unexercised portion of the warrants on the date of the consummation of a fundamental transaction, as defined in the warrant instrument. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company treat the whole instrument as liability and record the fair value of the instrument as a derivative as of the inception date of the instrument and to adjust the fair value of the instrument as of each subsequent balance sheet date.

As of the issuance date of the unit warrants issued in 2020 in connection with the sale of Series D Preferred Stock (See Note 10), the Company determined a fair value for the derivative liability of $26,465 for the 3,438 warrants, which has been charged to paid in capital. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the BlackScholes Model based on a risk-free interest rate of 0.34%, an expected term of 5 years, an expected volatility of 344% and a 0% dividend yield.

As  a  result  of  the  sale  of  convertible  notes  and  warrants  as  described  in  Notes  9  and  10,  the  number  and  exercise  price  of  the  Series  D  Preferred  Stock  warrants outstanding was adjusted due to anti-dilution provisions in the warrants. The exercise price was reduced to $4.00 from $12.00 and the number of warrants was increased from 191,814 to 575,440. We have recorded an expense for the change in derivative value due to the anti-dilution adjustments of $2,642,175 as a result of the trigger of the anti-dilution provision.

On January 5, 2021, pursuant to an agreement with the holder, 133,341 Series D warrants were cancelled. We have reclassified the $373,070 derivative value of the warrants to paid in capital upon extinguishment.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded other expense of $211,614 and other income of $1,886,212, respectively, related to the change in the fair value of the derivative. On July 2, 2021, the Series D warrants were exchanged for 522,108 shares of common stock and consequently the embedded derivative was eliminated and $2,404,182 of derivative liability was reclassified to paid in capital.

## Convertible Debenture Warrants and Placement Agent Warrants

The Company identified embedded features in the warrants issued with the convertible debt and the placement agent warrants in 2020 (see Note 9) which caused the warrants to be classified as a derivative liability. These embedded features included the right for the holders to request for the Company to cash settle the warrants to the holder by paying to the holder an amount of cash equal to the Black-Scholes value of the remaining unexercised portion of the warrants on the date of the consummation of a fundamental transaction, as defined in the warrant instrument. The accounting treatment of derivative financial instruments requires that the Company treat the whole instrument as liability and record the fair value of the instrument as a derivative as of the inception date of the instrument and to adjust the fair value of the instrument as of each subsequent balance sheet date.

As of the issuance date of the Debenture warrants, the Company determined a fair value of $4,665,877 for the 738,282 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes Model based on a risk-free interest rate of 0.22%, an expected term of 2.93 - 3 years, an expected volatility of 252% - 341% and a 0% dividend yield. Of this amount, $1,325,323 was recorded as debt discount (see Note 9) and $3,340,554 was charged to expense as initial derivative expense.

As of the issuance date of the placement agent warrants, the Company determined a fair value of $933,177 for the 147,657 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes Model based on a risk-free interest rate of 0.22%, an expected term of 2.93 - 3 years, an expected volatility of 252% - 341% and a 0% dividend yield. The value of $933,177 has been recorded as debt cost (see Note 9).

During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded other expense of $1,275,479 related to the change in the fair value of the derivative. The fair value of the derivative was $6,874,533 as of December 31, 2020, determined using the Black Scholes model based on a risk-free interest rate of 0.15%, an expected term of 2.4 years, an expected volatility of 228% and a 0% dividend yield.

As of the issuance date of the 2021 Debenture warrants, the Company determined a fair value of $5,040,080 for the 770,746 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes Model based on a risk-free interest rate of 0.17% - 0.19%, an expected term of 3 years, an expected volatility of 215% - 216% and a 0% dividend yield. Of this amount, $1,454,097 was recorded as debt discount (see Note 9) and $3,585,983 was charged to expense as initial derivative expense.

As of the issuance date of the placement agent warrants, the Company determined a fair value of $919,979 for the 139,950 warrants. The fair value of the warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes Model based on a risk-free interest rate of 0.17% - 0.19%, an expected term of 3 years, an expected volatility of 215% and a 0% dividend yield. The value of $919,979 has been recorded as debt cost (see Note 9). In July 2021, we amended the debenture agreement and reduced the number of placement agent warrants from 139,950 to 36,364.

During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded other expense of $676,177 and other income of $5,429,368, respectively, related to the change in the fair value of the derivative. As a result of amendments to the 2020 and 2021 debenture warrants and placement agent warrants on July 2, 2021, the derivative feature of the warrants was eliminated and $7,405,224 of derivative liability was reclassified to paid in capital.

The number of placement agent warrants issued in 2020 and 2021 was reduced in July 2021, from 287,606 to 36,364, and the exercise price was increased to $6.25.

## F-34

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Warrant activity for the two years ended December 31, 2021 is as follows:

| Warrants  Outstanding  Weighted  Average  Exercise  Price Per  Share  Outstanding at December 31, 2019  188,376    $  12.00  Issued  889,376  5.03  Cancelled pursuant to modification  (191,814)  12.00  Reissued pursuant to modification  575,440  4.00  Exercised  -  -  Expired or cancelled  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2020  1,461,378  4.60  Issued  6,008,237  4.46  Cancelled pursuant to modification  (265,148)  1.92  Exercised  (522,108)  4.00  Expired or cancelled  -  -  Outstanding at December 31, 2021  6,682,359  $  4.32   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

All warrants are exercisable at December 31, 2021. The weighted average remaining life of the warrants is 3.67 years at December 31, 2021

## NOTE 12 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

With the exception of the below, the Company is not a party to any other proceedings or claims at December 31, 2021. The Company may be subject to legal proceedings and claims from time-to-time arising out of our operations in the ordinary course of business.

## Recruiter.com Group, Inc. v. BKR Strategy Group.

We are currently pursuing two related collections matters against BKR Strategy Group. Since 2013, BKR Strategy Group has provided talent acquisition strategy and services to top companies. Starting in the third quarter of 2021, BKR Strategy Group subcontracted Recruiter.com to perform on-demand recruiter services on behalf of BKR Strategy Group's clients. Although payments for services rendered were initially received in a timely fashion, BKR Strategy Group's balance grew throughout the third and fourth quarters of 2021. This led to BKR Strategy Group executing a Promissory Note with a payment schedule for $500,000 on November 30, 2021 with a personal guarantee from its business principal as part of the note. After failing to meet the payment schedule and after repeated attempts to collect the balance due, we retained the law firm of Berkovitch &amp; Bouskila, PLLC and filed two lawsuits against BKR Strategy Group on February 18, 2022, the first, to collect on unpaid invoices and the second, to enforce the promissory note, for a total sum of $1,400,000.  On March 24, 2022, BKR Strategy Group made a counterclaim against us for $500,000 on the grounds of alleged overbilling.  Management denies the basis for the counterclaim and expects to vigorously defend itself from this counterclaim. Outside counsel for

Table of Contents the company has advised that at this stage in the proceedings, it cannot offer an opinion as to the probable outcome. As it is not possible to estimate if a loss will be incurred, there has been no accrual.

## Investor Relations

We could be involved in various litigation matters during the normal course of business. In October 2021, the Company made a total investor relations settlement payment of $253,505 with two shareholders regarding claims that they were owed securities pursuant to existing agreements. The agreement was reached prior to any lawsuits being filed with a court.

## Service Agreement

In December of 2021 we entered into an agreement wherein a third party will assume responsibility for several of our staffing clients and in return the third party would enter into Recruiter on Demand service agreements and software subscriptions with us. Due to the variability in the terms of the agreement, the transactions will be recognized on a cash basis. No such transactions occurred during the year ending December 31, 2021.

## Leases

On March 31, 2019, the Company entered into a sublease with a related party (see Note 13) for its current corporate headquarters. The sublease expires in November 2022. Monthly lease payments are currently $7,078 per month and increase to $7,535 per month for the final 20 months of the lease.

In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-02: 'Leases (Topic 842)' whereby lessees need to recognize almost all leases on their balance sheet as a right of use asset and a corresponding lease liability. The Company adopted this standard as of January 1, 2019 using the effective  date  method.  We  calculated  the  present  value  of  the  remaining  lease  payment  stream  using  our  incremental  effective  borrowing  rate  of  10%.  We  initially recorded a right to use asset and corresponding lease liability amounting to $269,054 on March 31, 2019. The right to use asset and the corresponding lease liability are being equally amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the lease.

For the year ended December 31, 2021, lease costs amounted to $71,014 which includes base lease costs of $44,526 and common area and other expenses of $26,488. For the year ended December 31, 2020, lease costs amounted to $150,851 which includes base lease costs of $86,997 and common area and other expenses of $63,854. All costs were expensed during the periods and included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

In July 2021, we cancelled the remaining term of the lease with no future payments remaining (see Note 13).

## F-35

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Table of Contents

Right-of-use asset ('ROU') is summarized below:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Operating office lease  $  -  $  269,054  Less accumulated reduction  -  (128,412)  Balance of ROU asset at December 31,  $  -  $  140,642   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Operating lease liability related to the ROU asset is summarized below:

| December 31,  2021  2020  Total lease liability  $  -  $  269,054  Reduction of lease liability  -  (128,412)  Total  -  140,642  Less short term portion as of December 31,  -  (73,378)  Long term portion as of December 31,  $  -  $  67,264   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COVID-19 Uncertainty:

In March 2020, the outbreak of COVID-19 (coronavirus) caused by a novel strain of the coronavirus was recognized as a pandemic by the World Health Organization, and the outbreak became increasingly widespread in the United States, including in each of the areas in which the Company operates. While to date, the Company has not been required to stop operating, management is evaluating its use of its office space, virtual meetings and the like. The Company  previously reduced certain billing rates to respond to the economic climate, however, those billing rates have returned to normal. Demand for recruiting solutions and our Platform improved in 2022 versus 2021.  The COVID-19 pandemic has been characterized by rises and falls of case numbers due to unforeseen factors and variants of concern and consequently has had varying amounts of impact on the Company's operations and financial prospects. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact operations, ability to obtain financing or future financial results is uncertain at this time.

The Company expect but cannot guarantee that demand for its recruiting solutions will continue to improve in 2022, as certain clients re-open or accelerate their hiring initiatives,  and  new  clients  utilize  its  services.  Overall,  management  is  focused  on  effectively  positioning  the  Company  for  a  rebound  in  hiring  which  the  Company believes will continue to happen in 2022. Ultimately, the recovery may be delayed and the economic conditions may worsen, depending upon changes in the impact from the  COVID-19 pandemic. The Company continues to closely monitor the confidence of its recruiter users and customers, and their respective job requirement load through offline discussions and Recruiter Index survey.

The Company also may depend on raising additional debt or equity capital to stay operational. The economic impact of COVID-19, should the COVID-19 pandemic worsen, may make it more difficult for the Company to raise additional capital when needed. The terms of any financing, if the Company is able to complete one, will likely not be favorable to the Company.

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

## NOTE 13 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During 2019 we entered into a two-year non-exclusive consulting agreement with a principal shareholder to act as Company's consultant with respect to introducing the Company to potential acquisition and partnership targets. The Company has agreed to pay the consultant a retainer of $10,000 per month as a non-recoverable draw against any finder fees earned. The Company has also agreed to pay the consultant the sum of $5,500 per month for three years ($198,000 total) as a finder's fee for introducing Genesys to the Company. This payment is included in the $10,000 monthly retainer payment. We have recorded consulting fees expense of $13,500 and $54,000 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2020, $104,500 of the Genesys finder's fee and $18,000 of monthly fee expense  is  included  in  accrued  compensation.  In  July  2021  we  completed  payments  for  all  accrued  compensation  and  future  payments  owed  under  the  consulting agreement. No further payments will be owed under this consulting agreement.

Under a technology services agreement entered into on January 17, 2020, we use a related party firm of the Company, Recruiter.com Mauritius, for software development and maintenance related to our website and the platform underlying our operations. This arrangement was oral prior to January 17, 2020. The initial term of the Services Agreement is five years, whereupon it shall automatically renew for additional successive 12-month terms until terminated by either party by submitting a 90-day prior written notice of non-renewal. The firm was formed outside of the United States solely for the purpose of performing services for the Company and has no other clients. Our Chief Web Officer is an employee of this firm and exerts control over the firm. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the Company has agreed to pay Recruiter.com Mauritius fees in the amount equal to the actualized documented costs incurred by Recruiter.com Mauritius in rendering the services pursuant to the Services Agreement. Payments to this firm were $162,102 and $235,444 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are included in product development expense in our consolidated statements of operations.

We are a party to that certain license agreement with Genesys. An executive officer of the Company is a significant equity holder and a member of our Board of directors of Genesys. Pursuant to the License Agreement Genesys has granted us an exclusive license to use certain candidate matching software and render certain related services to us. The Company has agreed to pay to Genesys (now called Opptly) a monthly license fee of $5,000 beginning June 29, 2019 and an annual fee of $1,995 for each recruiter  being  licensed  under  the  License  Agreement  along  with  other  fees  that  may  be  incurred.  The  Company  has  also  agreed  to  pay  Genesys  monthly  sales subscription fees beginning September 5, 2019 when Genesys assists with closing a recruiting program. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 we charged to operating expenses $117,389 and $167,157, respectively, for services provided by Genesys. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company owes Genesys $22,810 and $73,352, respectively, in payables. The license agreement expires on March 31, 2022. The Company will not renew the license agreement.

F-37

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Icon Information Consultants performs all of the back office and accounting roles for Recruiting Solutions. Icon Information Consultants then charges a fee for the services along with charging for office space (see Note 12). Icon Information Consultants and Icon Industrial Solutions (collectively 'Icon') also provide 'Employer of Record' ('EOR') services to Recruiting Solutions which means that they process all payroll and payroll tax related duties of temporary and contract employees placed at customer sites and is then paid a reimbursement and fee from Recruiting Solutions. A representative of Icon is a member of our board of directors. Icon Canada also acts as an EOR and collects the customer payments and remits the net fee back to Recruiting Solutions. Revenue related to customers processed by Icon Canada is recognized on  a  gross  basis  the  same  as  other  revenues  and  was  $106,842  and  $140,642  for  the  years  ended  December  31,  2021  and  2020,  respectively.  EOR  costs  related  to customers processed by Icon Canada was $99,904 and $131,546 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Currently, there is no intercompany agreement for those charges, and they are calculated on a best estimate basis. As of December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company owes Icon $163,672 and $706,515, respectively, in payables and Icon owes $49,033 and $19,143, respectively, to the Company. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we charged to cost of revenue $498,848 and $1,232,359, respectively, related to services provided by Icon as our employer of record. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we charged  to  operating  expenses  $132,253  and  $271,163,  respectively,  related  to  management  fees,  rent  and  other  administrative  expense.  During  the  years  ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we charged to interest expense $30,466 and $12,276, related to finance charges on accounts payable owed to Icon. In July 2021, we paid Icon $1,075,645 to satisfy all outstanding payables for all services including interest charges. In July 2021, we also ended all contractual relationships with Icon for back office and accounting services, as well as office space. As of December 31, 2021, Icon will no longer provide EOR services. In January 2022, a payment of $118,534 was made by the Company to Icon to pay the remaining amount owed, net of the amount owed by Icon to the Company.

We also recorded placement revenue from Icon of $970 and $31,041 during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, of which $22,951 and $21,981, respectively, is included in accounts receivable at December 31, 2021 and 2020.

We used a related party firm of the Company to pay certain recruiting services provided by employees of the firm during 2021. During 2021, we charged to cost of revenue $17,745 related to services provided. There is no balance owed as of December 31, 2021.

## NOTE 14 - BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

## Business Combinations

## Scouted Asset Purchase

Effective  January  31,  2021,  the  Company,  through  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  acquired  all  of  the  assets  of  RLJ  Talent  Consulting,  Inc.,  dba  Scouted,  a  Delaware Corporation ('Scouted') (the 'Scouted Asset Purchase'). As consideration for the Scouted Asset Purchase, Scouted shareholders received a total of 224,163 shares of our restricted Common Stock (valued at $1,625,183 based on a $7.25 per share acquisition date price), of which 33,151 shares of stock were held in reserve and  recorded as contingent consideration, a current liability in the accompanying financial statements, and an additional amount of $180,000 in cash consideration for a total purchase price of approximately $1.8 million. The 33,151 shares held in reserve were issued on December 13, 2021. The Scouted Asset Purchase was accounted for as a business acquisition. The assets acquired in the Scouted Asset Purchase consist primarily of sales and client relationships, contracts, intellectual property, partnership and vendor agreements and certain other assets (the 'Scouted Assets'). The Company has completed the purchase price allocation of the $1.8 million for the acquired intangible assets  during  the  second  quarter  of  2021.  The  Company  is  utilizing  the  Scouted  Assets  to  expand  its  video  hiring  solutions  and  curated  talent  solutions,  through  its Recruiting Solutions subsidiary.

The acquisition is accounted for by the Company in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 'Business Combinations' and pushdown accounting is applied to record the fair value of the assets acquired by the Company. Under this method, the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the amount paid over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired will be allocated to goodwill.

## F-38

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The following is a summary of the estimated fair value of the assets acquired at the date of acquisition:

| Sales and client relationships and contracts  $  1,382,076  Intellectual property  98,721  Domains  18,000  Goodwill  306,386  Total Purchase Price  $  1,805,183   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pro Forma Information can be found under the One Wire Asset Purchase heading below.

## Upsider Asset Purchase

Effective March 25, 2021, the Company, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Upsider, Inc., ('Upsider'), to acquire all the assets and certain liabilities of Upsider (the 'Upsider Purchase'). As consideration for the Upsider Purchase, Upsider's shareholders received net cash of $69,983 and a total of 323,094 shares of our common stock (the 'Upsider Shares') (valued at $2,544,362, based on a $7.88 per share acquisition date price), of which 51,940 of the Upsider Shares were held in reserve and were recorded as a current liability, contingent consideration in the accompanying financial statements. The shareholders of Upsider may also receive earn-out consideration in the form of the issuance of 321,390, shares of our Common Stock on September 1, 2021 based on the attainment of specific targets during the nine months following closing. The total purchase price is approximately $3.9 million. The assets acquired in the Upsider Purchase consist primarily of sales and client relationships, contracts, intellectual property, partnership and vendor agreements and a de minimis amount of other assets. We also assumed a small amount of liabilities in the form of net payables. The Company utilizes Upsider's machine learning artificial intelligence to provide a more predictive and efficient recruiting tool that enhances our current technology.

The acquisition is accounted for by the Company in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 'Business Combinations' and pushdown accounting is applied to record the fair value of the assets acquired by the Company. Under this method, the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the amount paid over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired will be allocated to goodwill.

The following is a summary of the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition:

| Sales and client relationships and contracts  $  3,130,773  Intellectual property  156,539  Domains  4,600  Goodwill  736,525  Accounts payable  (89,089)  Total Purchase Price  $  3,939,348   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Pro Forma Information can be found under the One Wire Asset Purchase heading below.

## F-39

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

Table of Contents

Table of Contents

## OneWire Asset Purchase

Effective  May  10,  2021,  the  Company,  through  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary,  entered  into  an  Asset  Purchase  Agreement  and  Plan  of  Reorganization  with  OneWire Holdings,  LLC,  a  Delaware  limited  liability  company  ('OneWire'),  to  acquire  all  the  assets  and  several  liabilities  of  OneWire  (the  'OneWire  Purchase').  As consideration for the OneWire Purchase, OneWire's shareholders received a total  of 155,327 shares (the 'Consideration Shares') of common stock, valued at $1,255,000, based  on  a  price  per  share  of  $8.0797,  the  volume-weighted  average  price  of  the  common  stock  for  the  30  day  period  immediately  prior  to  the  closing  date),  of which 31,066 of the Consideration Shares are subject to forfeiture as security against a post-closing working capital adjustment and a revenue true-up and pursuant to OneWire's indemnity obligations. At the date of closing, the common stock was valued at $1,436,777, and there was a to be determined working capital adjustment to be paid in additional common shares recorded as a liability at a fair value of $45,751 for a total purchase price of $1,482,528. The assets acquired in the OneWire Purchase consist  primarily  of  sales  and  client  relationships,  contracts,  intellectual  property,  partnership  and  vendor  agreements  and  certain  other  assets.  The  Company  has completed the purchase price allocation of the $1.5 million for the acquired intangible assets during the second quarter of 2021. OneWire's expansive candidate database in financial services and candidate matching service amplify our reach to give employers and recruiters access to an even broader pool of specialized talent.

The acquisition is accounted for by the Company in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 'Business Combinations' and pushdown accounting is applied to record the fair value of the assets acquired by the Company. Under this method, the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the amount paid over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired will be allocated to goodwill.

The following is a summary of the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition:

| Cash  $  54,868  Accounts receivable  165,285  Sales and client relationships and contracts  760,852  Intellectual property  121,700   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Domains  10,152  Goodwill  369,671  Total Purchase Price  $  1,482,528  F-40   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Table of Contents

## Pro Forma Information

The results of operations of Scouted, Upsider and OneWire are included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the dates of acquisition. The following supplemental unaudited pro forma combined financial information assumes that the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| December 31  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue  $  22,751,140    $  9,887,567  Net Loss  $  (18,163,543)   $  (26,744,076)  Loss per common share, basic and diluted  $  (2.11)   $  (13.72)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the dates indicated or that result in the future.

## Parrut Asset Purchase

Effective July 7, 2021, the Company entered into and closed on an Asset Purchase Agreement with Parrut, Inc. ('Parrut'), and certain individuals named therein. Parrut does business as Uncubed and we acquired the assets of the Technology Solutions Division of Uncubed. The purchased assets include assets related to Finalist, an online marketplace for sourcing and screening early-professional software and data candidates and assets related to Uncubed's job board technology and candidate engagement platform which includes Mediabistro, a job board and professional community for media, content, and creative professionals (the 'Parrut Purchase').

As consideration for the Parrut Purchase, the Company paid $500,000 in cash at closing, a $1,750,000 promissory note with an interest rate of 6% and a maturity date of July 1, 2023, and granted to Parrut 257,545 shares of our Common Stock, valued at $1,264,551 based on the acquisition date share price. In addition, the terms of the Parrut Purchase include 'earn-out' provisions under which the Company could become obligated to pay Parrut up to an additional $1,350,000 in the form of Common Stock (the 'Parrut Earn-Out Consideration'). As of December 31, 2021, the Company's preliminary estimate of the fair value of the Parrut Earn-Out Consideration was $1,125,000. The Parrut Earn-Out Consideration is equal to 1.35 times our revenue derived or generated from the assets purchased in the Parrut Purchase achieved during the twelve-month period immediately following the closing date.

The Company also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with Parrut (the 'Registration Rights Agreement'). The Registration Rights Agreement provides that following the Nine-Month Anniversary (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement), and for a period of five years thereafter, Parrut shall have the ability, on three occasions, to demand that Company shall file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-1 or Form S-3, pursuant to the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement, to register the Consideration Shares. Additionally, pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, for a period of three years following the Nine-Month Anniversary, whenever the Company proposes to register the issuance or sale of any of its Common Stock or its own account or otherwise, and the registration form to be used may be used for the registration of the Consideration Shares.

Table of Contents

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The acquisition is accounted for by the Company in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 'Business Combinations' and pushdown accounting is applied to record the fair value of the assets acquired by the Company. Under this method, the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the amount paid over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired will be allocated to goodwill.

The following is a summary of the estimated fair value of the assets acquired at the date of acquisition:

| Cash  $  10,702  Accounts receivable  17,720  Prepaid Assets  11,910  Intangible Assets  3,941,266  Goodwill  657,953  Total Purchase Price  $  4,639,551   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Pro Forma Information

The  results  of  operations  of  Parrut  will  be  included  in  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements  from  the  date  of  acquisition.  The  following  supplemental unaudited pro forma combined financial information assumes that the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue  $  23,017,512    $  9,250,859  Net Loss  $  (17,093,361)   $  (17,940,402)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| Loss per common share, basic and diluted  $  (1.99)   $  (9.20)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

The pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the dates indicated or that result in the future.

## Novo Asset Purchase

Effective August 27, 2021, the Company entered into and closed an Asset Purchase Agreement with the Novo Group, Inc. (the 'Novo Group'), and certain individuals named therein. The Novo Group operates a recruitment services company for employers, providing talent, acquisition and other hiring solutions. The Company purchased substantially all of the assets of Novo Group (the 'Novo Purchased Assets'). The Novo Purchased Assets include, among other assumed assets, certain contracts with Novo Group's clients, permits owned, held and used by the Novo Group, intellectual property as well as tangible assets, and all of Novo Group's accounts receivable (the 'Novo Purchase'). Furthermore, the Company agreed to assume certain liabilities associated with the Novo Group business.

The amount due at closing was approximately $7,117,425 (the 'Base Purchase Price'), consisting of the following consideration: (i) $1,337,500 in cash, (ii) a $3,000,000 promissory note with an interest rate of 6%, that matures on February 1, 2024, (iii) working capital adjustments in the amount of approximately $217,045, which was paid as of September 30, 2021 and (iv) 508,711 restricted shares of common stock valued at $2,019,583 (based on the acquisition date share price), of which 127,178 of our restricted shares of Common Stock were placed in escrow to account for post-closing adjustments in respect to Novo Group's revenue from the closing date to the end of the 2021 calendar year, as well as to partially secure the indemnification obligations of Novo Group's former owners. The shares remain in escrow as of December 31, 2021.

## F-42

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

In addition to the Base Purchase Price, there is an earn-out that is tied to revenue of Novo Group from sales of its products and services over eight calendar quarters (the 'Earn-Out Period'), with such Earn-Out Periods beginning on January 1, 2022 and ending on December 31, 2023. The Earn-Out Amount payable, if any, would equal to 5% of Novo Group's revenue ('Earn-Out Amount') for each applicable Earn-Out Period. The Company's preliminary estimate at the acquisition date of the fair value of this consideration was $543,297.

The acquisition is accounted for by the Company in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting pursuant to ASC 805 'Business Combinations' and pushdown accounting is applied to record the fair value of the assets acquired by the Company. Under this method, the purchase price is allocated to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. Any excess of the amount paid over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired will be allocated to goodwill.

The following is a summary of the estimated fair value of the assets acquired at the date of acquisition:

| Accounts receivable  $  762,000  Prepaid Assets  55,000  Intangible Assets  2,062,296  Goodwill  4,661,317  Assumed Liabilities  (423,188)  Total Purchase Price  $  7,117,425   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

F-43

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

## Table of Contents

## Table of Contents

## Pro Forma Information

The results of operations of Novo Group will be included in the Company's consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. The following supplemental unaudited pro forma combined financial information assumes that the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020:

| December 31,  December 31,  2021  2020  Revenue  $  26,306,444    $  11,524,129  Net Loss  $  (15,178,909)   $  (17,653,881)  Loss per common share, basic and diluted  $  (1.76)   $  (9.06)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition had occurred on the dates indicated or that result in the future.

## NOTE 15 - INCOME TAXES

The Company has, subject to limitation, approximately $28.7 million of net operating loss carryforwards ('NOL') at December 31, 2021, of which approximately $7.1 million will expire at various dates through 2037 and approximately $21.6 million can be carried forward indefinitely. We have provided a 100% valuation allowance for the  deferred  tax  benefits  resulting  from  the  net  operating  loss  carryover  due  to  our  lack  of  earnings  history.  In  addressing  the  realizability  of  deferred  tax  assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets  is  dependent  upon  the  generation  of  future  taxable  income  during  the  periods  in  which  those  temporary  differences  are  deductible.  The  valuation  allowance increased by approximately $3,272,000 and $2,029,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands):

| 2021  2020  Deferred tax assets (liabilities):  Net operating loss carryover  $  6,377  $  3,972  Intangibles amortization  350  728  Stock compensation  1,717  -  Capital losses  19  4  Bad debt allowance  221  11  Other  (942)  16  Deferred revenue  241  (20)  Total deferred tax assets, net  7,983  4,711  Less: valuation allowance  (7,983)  (4,711)  Net deferred tax assets  $  -  $  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above NOL carryforward may be subject to an annual limitation under Section 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and similar state provisions if the Company experienced one or more ownership changes which would limit the amount of NOL carryforward that can be utilized to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382 and 383, results from transactions increasing ownership of certain stockholders or public groups in the stock of the corporation by more than 50 percentage points over a three-year period. The Company has not completed an IRC Section 382/383 analysis. If a change in ownership were to have occurred, NOL carryforwards could be eliminated or restricted. If eliminated, the related asset would be removed from the deferred tax asset schedule with a corresponding reduction in the valuation allowance. Due to the existence of the valuation allowance, limitations created by future ownership changes, if any, will not impact the Company's effective tax rate.

## F-44

## RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2021 AND 2020

The actual tax benefit differs from the expected tax benefit for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 (computed by applying the U.S. Federal Corporate tax rate of 21% to income before taxes) are as follows:

| 2021  2020  Statutory federal income tax rate  (21.0)%  (21.0)%  State income taxes, net of federal benefits  (2.10)%  0.1%  Non-deductible items  3.26%  14.0%  True ups  (0.19)%  (5.1)%  Change in valuation allowance  20.03%  12.0%  Effective income tax rate  -%  -%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's tax returns for the previous three years remain open for audit by the respective tax jurisdictions.

## NOTE 16 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In February 2022, the Company paid off the total outstanding principal and interest of the two term loans in the amount of $45,853 (See Note 8).

## Common Stock

On January 4, 2022, due to the vesting of RSUs, 76,175 common shares were issued to Evan Sohn, CEO.

On January 6, 2022, upon agreement with warrant holder, the Company issued 112,726 shares of common stock upon the exchange of 112,726 warrants. The shares were valued at approximately $473,000 based on the stock price, while the exchanged warrants had a Black-Scholes value of approximately $321,000, resulting in  a loss on exchange of $152,000 which will be recorded in the first quarter of 2022.

On February 2, 2022, 7,500 common shares vested and were issued to a vendor for services related to a 2021 agreement. The Company expensed the remaining $27,000 in 2022 as the service period expired.

On February 14, 2022, 22,000 common shares vested and were issued to a vendor for services related to a 2021 agreement. The Company expensed the remaining $47,520 in 2022 as the service period expired.

## Table of Contents

## DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT'S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

Set forth below is the description of each class of securities of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. ('we,' 'our,' 'us,' and the 'Company') outstanding as of December 31, 2021. The following description summarizes the most important terms of these securities. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our Articles of Incorporation, our Bylaws, the Articles of Designations of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the provisions of the warrant agency agreement between us and Philadelphia Stock Transfer, Inc., as the warrant agent, and the form of warrant, all of which have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange  Commission  and  are  incorporated  by  reference  into  the  Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K.  You  should  refer  to  our  Articles  of  Incorporation,  Articles  of Designations of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the Bylaws, the warrant agency agreement between us and Philadelphia Stock Transfer, Inc., as the warrant agent, the form of warrant and the applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes for a complete description.

Our authorized capital stock consists of (i) 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share ('Common Stock'), and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Of our preferred stock, 775,000 shares have been designated as Series E Convertible Preferred Stock.

Our Common Stock and Warrants are the only classes of our securities currently registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 'Exchange Act').

## Common Stock

## Dividend Rights

Subject to preferences that may apply to any shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our Board of Directors ('Board'), in its discretion, determines to declare and pay dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our Board may determine.

## Voting Rights

Holders of our Common Stock are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters properly submitted to a vote of stockholders on which holders of Common Stock are entitled to vote. We have not provided for cumulative voting for the election of directors in our Articles of Incorporation. The directors are elected by a plurality of the outstanding  shares  entitled  to  vote  on  the  election  of  directors.  On  all  other  matters  the  affirmative  vote  of  a  majority  of  the  voting  power  of  the  shares  present  or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter constitutes the act of the stockholders, except as otherwise expressly provided by the Nevada Revised Statutes.

## No Preemptive or Similar Rights

Our Common Stock is not entitled to preemptive rights, and is not subject to conversion, redemption or sinking fund provisions.

## Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions

If we become subject to a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders would be distributable ratably among the holders of our Common Stock and any participating preferred stock outstanding at that time, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights of and the payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock.

## Transfer Agent and Registrar

Philadelphia Stock Transfer, Inc., is the transfer agent and registrar in respect of the Common Stock.

## Preferred Stock

Our Board is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Nevada law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time-to-time the number of shares to be included in each series, and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions, in each case without further vote or action by our stockholders. Our Board can also increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or  decrease  (but  not  below  the  number  of  shares  then  outstanding)  the  number  of  shares  of  any  series  of  preferred  stock,  without  any  further  vote  or  action  by  our stockholders. Our Board may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our Common Stock or other series of preferred stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible financings, acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in our control of our company and might adversely affect the market price of our Common Stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Common Stock.

## Series E Convertible Preferred Stock

## No Maturity, Sinking Fund or Mandatory Redemption

The Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the 'Existing Preferred Stock') has no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. Shares of the Existing Preferred Stock will remain outstanding indefinitely unless we decide to redeem or otherwise repurchase them, or the holders decide to convert them.

## Dividend Rights

The holders of our Existing Preferred Stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our Board, in its discretion, determines to declare and pay dividends and then only at the times and in the amounts that our Board may determine. Upon announcement of dividends by our Boar, holders of our Existing Preferred Stock are entitled to such consideration as if the Existing Preferred Stock had been, immediately prior to such dividend, converted into our Common Stock.

## Voting Rights

Holders of the Existing Preferred Stock are entitled to vote together with the holders of our Common Stock on an as-converted basis, subject to the conversion limitation described below.

## Conversion Rights

Each holder of the Existing Preferred Stock is entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding shares of Existing Preferred Stock held by such holder into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of our Common Stock Each share of the Existing Preferred Stock is convertible into our Common Stock at a conversion rate equal to 5 shares of Common Stock per 1 share of Existing Preferred Stock, subject to adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our Common Stock.

## Liquidation Preference

The Existing Preferred Stock has senior liquidation preference rights compared to the Common Stock. Upon a liquidation, the Existing Preferred Stock shares are entitled to receive a preference to a stated value of $20.00.

## Conversion Limitation

A holder of the Existing Preferred Stock may not convert any shares of the Existing Preferred Stock to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates and any other person  or  entity  acting  as  a  group,  would  own  more  than  4.99%  of  the  outstanding  Common  Stock  after  exercise,  as  such  percentage  ownership  is  determined  in accordance with the terms of the Existing Preferred Stock, except that upon prior notice from the holder to us, the holder may waive such limitation up to a percentage not in excess of 9.99%.

## Fractional Shares

No fractional shares of our Common Stock will be issued upon any conversion of the Existing Preferred Stock. If the conversion would result in the issuance of a fraction of a share of Common Stock, the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon such conversion will be rounded up to the nearest whole share.

## Warrants

Overview . The following summary of certain terms and provisions of the warrants ('Warrants') traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market is not complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the provisions of the warrant agency agreement between us and Philadelphia Stock Transfer, Inc., as the warrant agent, and the form of warrant, both of which have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated by reference into the Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Warrants entitle the registered holder to purchase shares of Common Stock at a price equal to $5.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, immediately following the issuance of such warrant and terminating at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on July 2, 2026.

The exercise price and number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances, including in the event of a stock dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of Common Stock at prices below its exercise price.

As of December 31, 2021, there are 2,961,688 shares of Common Stock registered as issuable upon exercise of the Warrants.

Exercisability. The Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and at any time up to the date that is five (5) years after their original issuance. Under the terms of the Warrant Agreement, we must use our best efforts to maintain the effectiveness of the registration statement and current prospectus relating to Common Stock  issuable  upon  exercise  of  the  Warrants  until  the  expiration  of  the  Warrants.  If  we  fail  to  maintain  the  effectiveness  of  the  registration  statement  and  current prospectus relating to the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the holders of the Warrants shall have the right to exercise the Warrants solely via a cashless exercise feature provided for in the Warrants, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and current prospectus.

Exercise Limitation . A holder may not exercise any portion of a Warrant to the extent that the holder, together with its affiliates and any other person or entity acting as a group, would own more than 4.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock after exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Warrant, except that upon prior notice from the holder to us, the holder may waive such limitation up to a percentage not in excess of 9.99%.

Exercise Price. The  exercise  price  per  whole  share  of  shares  of  Common  Stock  purchasable upon exercise of the Warrants is $5.50. The exercise price is subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting our shares of Common Stock and also upon any distributions of assets, including cash, stock or other property to our stockholders.

Fractional Shares . No fractional shares of Common Stock will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. As to any fraction of a share which the holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such exercise, the Company will round up or down, as applicable, to the nearest whole share.

Transferability. Subject to applicable laws, the Warrants may be offered for sale, sold, transferred or assigned without our consent.

Fundamental Transactions .  In  the  event  of  a  fundamental  transaction,  as  described  in  the  Warrants  and  generally  including  any  reorganization,  recapitalization  or reclassification of our shares of Common Stock, the sale, transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of our properties or assets, our consolidation or merger with or into another person, the acquisition of more than 50% of our outstanding shares of Common Stock, or any person or group becoming the beneficial owner of 50% of the voting power represented by our outstanding Common Stock, the holders of the Warrants will be entitled to receive the kind and amount of securities, cash or other property that the holders would have received had they exercised the Warrants immediately prior to such fundamental transaction.

Rights as a Stockholder. The Warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of shares of Common Stock or any voting rights until they exercise their Warrants and receive shares of Common Stock. After the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon exercise of the Warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders.

Governing Law . The Warrants and the warrant agency agreement are governed by New York law.

## Transfer Agent, Warrant Agent and Registrar

Philadelphia Stock Transfer, Inc. acts as the registrar, transfer agent, warrant agent and dividend and redemption price disbursing agent in respect of the Warrants.

## Anti-Takeover Effects of Various Provisions of Nevada Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws

Provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes, our Articles of Incorporation, as amended, and Bylaws could make it more difficult to acquire us by means of a tender offer, a proxy  contest  or  otherwise,  or  to  remove  incumbent  officers  and  directors.  These  provisions,  summarized  below,  would  be  expected  to  discourage  certain  types  of takeover practices and takeover bids our Board may consider inadequate and to encourage persons seeking to acquire control of us to first negotiate with us. We believe that the benefits of increased protection of our ability to negotiate with the proponent of an unfriendly or unsolicited proposal to acquire or restructure us will outweigh the disadvantages of discouraging takeover or acquisition proposals because, among other things, negotiation of these proposals could result in an improvement of their terms.

Blank Check Preferred Stock. Our Articles of Incorporation permit our Board to issue preferred stock with voting, conversion and exchange rights that could negatively affect the voting power or other rights of our Common Stock stockholders, and the Board could take that action without stockholder approval. The issuance of preferred stock could delay or prevent a change of control of the Company.

Board  Vacancies  to  be  Filled  by  Remaining  Directors  and  Not  Stockholders. Our  Bylaws  provide  that  any  vacancies  on  the  Board,  including  any  newly  created directorships, will be filled by the affirmative vote of the majority of the remaining directors then in office, even if such directors constitute less than a quorum.

Removal of Directors by Stockholders. Our Bylaws and the Nevada Revised Statutes provide that directors may be removed by stockholders only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the outstanding capital stock entitled to vote.

Special Meetings of Stockholders .  Under  our  Bylaws,  only  the  Company's  Executive  Chairman,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer,  the  Board,  or  stockholders  who  in  the aggregate  beneficially  own  at  least  20%  of  all  the  outstanding  shares  of  the  Company  entitled  to  vote  at  the  meeting  may  call  special  meetings  of  the  Company's stockholders.

Nevada Anti-Takeover Statute. We are subject to Nevada's Combination with Interested Stockholders Statute (Nevada Corporation Law Sections 78.411-78.444) which prohibits an 'interested stockholder' from entering into a 'combination' with the corporation, unless certain conditions are met. An 'interested stockholder' is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, beneficially owns (or within the prior two years, did beneficially own) 10% or more of the corporation's capital stock entitled to vote.

## EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into as of March 25,2021 with a start date of March 26, 2021 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Recruiter.com Group Inc., a Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Josh McBride (the "Executive"), of

WHEREAS, in its business, the Company has acquired and developed certain trade secrets, including but not limited to, proprietary processes, sales methods and techniques, and other like confidential business and technical information, including but not limited technical information, design systems, pricing methods, pricing rates or discounts, processes, procedures, formulas, designs of computer software, or improvements, or any portion or phase thereof, whether patented or not, or unpatentable, that is of any value whatsoever to the Company, as well as information relating to the Company's Services (as defined below), information concerning proposed new Services, market feasibility studies, proposed or existing marketing techniques or plans (whether developed or produced by the Company or by any other person or entity for the Company), other Confidential Information, as defined in Section 9la), and information about the Company' s executives, officers, and directors, which necessarily will be communicated to the Executive by reason of his employment by the Company; and to,

WHEREAS, the Company has strong and legitimate business interests in preserving and protecting its investment in the Executive; its trade secrets and Confidential Information, and its substantial, significant, or relationships with vendors and customers, whether actual or prospective; and key

WHEREAS, the Company desires to preserve and protect its legitimate business interests further by restricting competitive activities of the Executive during the term of this Agreement and for a reasonable time following the termination of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive and to ensure the continued availability to the Company of the Executive' $ services, and the Executive is willing to accept such employment and render such services, all upon and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: and

## 1. Representations and Warranties

(a) The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he (i) is not subject to any non-solicitation or noncompetition agreement affecting his employment with the Company (other than any prior agreement with the Company or an affiliate of the Company) , (ii) is not subject to any confidentiality or nonuse/nondisclosure agreement affecting his employment with the Company (other than any prior agreement with the Company or an affiliate of the Company), and (iii) has brought to the Company no trade secrets, confidential business information, documents, or other personal property of a prior employer. The recitals above are incorporated in this Agreement as representations and covenants. Each party covenants to act in good faith in the discharge of this Agreement.

## 2 Ierm of Employment:

(a) Ierm. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company commencing as of the Effective Date through December 31, 2023 (the "Term"). The Executive may be given a new Employment Agreement after the Term subject to different compensation to be determined by the Chief Executive Officer.

(b) Continuing Effect: Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement; at the end of the Term or otherwise, the provisions of Sections 6, 7,8,9,10,11,16,18,19,and 22 shall remain in full force and effect and the provisions of Section 9 shall be binding upon the legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the Executive.

## 3. Duties:

(a) General Duties: The Executive shall serve as Senior Vice President, and member of the Recruiter.com Group, Inc. senior management ("Management"), with duties and responsibilities that are customary for such an executive. The Executive shall report to the Chief Executive Officer of Recruiter.com Group, Inc.. The Executive shall also perform services for subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company as may be necessary. The Executive shall use his best efforts to perform his duties and discharge his responsibilities pursuant to this Agreement competently, carefully, and faithfully. In determining whether or not the Executive has used his best efforts hereunder, the Executive' 5 and the Companys delegation of authority and all  surrounding circumstances shall be taken into account and the best efforts of the Executive shall not be judged solely on the Company's earnings or other results of the Executive's performance, except as specifically provided to the contrary by this Agreement.

(b) Adherence to Inside Information Policies: The Executive acknowledges that the Company is publicly-held and, as result, has implemented inside information policies designed to preclude its executives and those of its subsidiaries and affiliates from violating the federal securities laws by trading on material, non-public information or passing such information on to others in breach of any owed to the Company, or any third party. The Executive shall promptly execute any agreements generally distributed by the Company to its employees requiring such employees, including the Executive, to abide by its inside information policies. duty

## Compensation and Expenses

- (a) Cash Compensation. The Company will pay the Executive a salary of $125,000 per annum, in accordance with the Company's standard payroll schedule. This salary will be subject to annual review by the Company's Compensation Committee payable
- (b) Bonus.
- (i) Definitions:
- (1)  Upsider SaaS revenue ("SaaS Revenue"). A subscription business whereby clients subscribe to the
- (2)   "Gross Profits' are defined as Gross Revenues of Upsider SaaS revenue less Cost of Sales, which includes Sales and Marketing expenses.
- Executive will be entitled to receive five percent (59) [THIS ASSUMES AN EVEN SPLIT WITH XUAN] of the Gross Profits generated by Upsider SaaS revenue (to be rebranded as "Recruiter.com Al"), less any and all compensation to Executive (the "Gross Profit Bonus") . paid
- (1) For example; if the Gross Profit in a given month is $180,000, based on the fully burdened monthly compensation of $12,000 (for both Josh and Xuan) the Executive will be entitled to receive the monthly Bonus of 5% of ($18Ok-$24k) $156,000 or $7,800.
- (iii) Bonus will be accrued monthly and paid quarterly.
- (c) Expenses. In addition to any compensation received pursuant to this Section 4, the Company will reimburse or advance funds to the Executive for all reasonable documented travel, meals, and lodging (including travel expenses incurred by

the Executive related to his travel to the Company's other offices and on business missions for the Company) entertainment and miscellaneous expenses incurred in connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement, provided that the Executive properly provides a written accounting of such expenses to the Company in accordance with the Company's practices. Such reimbursement or advances will be made in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company in effect from time to time relating to reimbursement of, or advances its executive officers, except that no policy shall change the terms of this Agreement. to,

## 5. Benefits:

(a) Paid Time Off. During the Term, for each calendar year starting with the calendar year 2021, the Executive shall be eligible to receive four (4) weeks of Paid Time Off ("PTO"), to be taken at such times as the Executive may select and the affairs of the Company may permit. The Executive' s eligibility for PTO in current calendar year shall be prorated based on the Effective Date of this Agreement. accrued, but unused may be carried over to the next calendar year. days Any or other employee benefit plan that is maintained by the Company for its executives, including programs of life insurance and reimbursement of membership fees in professional organizations. The benefits provided to the Executive may not be less than the Company provides to any of its executive employees, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents, as may exist from time to time, subject to applicable law. they

6. Iermination  Upon termination of the Executive' s employment, the Executive shall (i) provide or return to the Company any and all Company property, including cards, access cards, security devices, employer credit cards, network access devices, computers, cell phones, smartphones, manuals, work product, thumb drives or other removable information storage devices, and hard drives, and all Company documents and materials belonging to the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information or work product, that are in the possession or control of the Executive, whether were provided to the Executive by the Company or any of its business associates or created by the Executive in connection with his employment by the Company; and (ii) delete or destroy all of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain in the Executive'5 possession or control including those stored on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in the Executive'5 possession or control. keys, key they copies

7 Severance In the event the Company terminates the Executive with or without good cause, the Company shall continue to pay the Executive the Compensation identified in Section 4a Jfor a period of one month for every year (including any partial year) employed at the Company. Such payment shall be made in a lump sum within seven (7) days of the last of Executive' 5 employment. day

8. Indemnification: The Company shall indemnify the Executive, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, against all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by him in connection with any action, suit, or proceeding to which he may be made a party by reason of his an officer, director, or employee of the Company or of any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, provided however that this obligation shall exclude any claims or actions between the Executive and the Company and/or its affiliates. This indemnification shall be pursuant to an Indemnification Agreement, copy of which is annexed as Exhibit 4. The Executive shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against any and all loss, liability, cost, or expense based upon, arising out of, or otherwise in respect of any breach or violation of this Agreement. being

## 9 Non-Competition Agreement:

(a) Competition with the Company: Until termination of his employment, unless he is terminated by the Company without Cause or if the Company breaches this Agreement and the Company fails to cure the breach within 10 after receipt of notice, and for period of two (2) years commencing on the date of any other termination, the Executive (individually or in association with, or as a shareholder, director, officer, consultant, employee; partner, joint venturer, member, or otherwise, of or through any person, firm, corporation, partnership, association, or other entity) shall not, directly or indirectly, compete with the Company (which for the purpose of this Agreement also includes any of its subsidiaries or affiliates) by acting as an employee or officer (or comparable position) of, owning an interest in, or providing services substantially similar to those services the Executive provided to the Company to any entity within any metropolitan area in the United States or other country in which the Company was actually engaged in business as of the time of termination of employment or where the Company reasonably expected to engage in business within three months of the date of termination of employment. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "compete with the Company" shall refer to any business activity in which the Company was engaged as of the termination of the Executive's employment or reasonably expected to engage in within three months of termination of employment; provided howeves the foregoing shall not prevent the Executive from (i) accepting employment with an enterprise engaged in two or more lines of business, one of which is the same or similar to the Company's business (the "Prohibited Business"), if the Executive' s employment is totally unrelated to the Prohibited Business, (ii) competing in a country where as of the time of the alleged violation the Company has ceased engaging in business, or (iii) competing in a line of business which as of the time of the alleged violation the Company has either ceased engaging in or publicly announced or disclosed that it intends to cease engaging provided further the foregoing shall not prohibit the Executive from owning up to 5% of the securities of any publicly-traded enterprise provided that the Executive is not a director, officer, consultant, employee, partner, joint venturer, manager, or member of, or to such enterprise, or otherwise compensated for services rendered thereby. days in;

(b) Solicitation of Customers: During the periods in which the provisions of Section 8(a) shall be in effect, the Executive; directly or indirectly, will not solicit or attempt to solicit Prohibited Business from any Customer (as defined below) on behalf of himself or any enterprise or business other than the Company, refer Prohibited Business from any Customer to any enterprise business other than the Company, or receive commissions based on sales or otherwise relating to the Prohibited Business from any Customer, or any enterprise or business other than the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Customer" means any person, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, or other entity to which the Company or any ofits affiliates sold or provided or services during the 12-month period prior to the time at which any determination is required to be made as to whether any such person, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other entity is a Customer, or who or which was approached by or who or which has approached an employee of the Company for the purpose of soliciting business from the Company or the third party, as the case may provided howeves the or services must be competitive in some respect to the Company's business during such time. goods be; goods

(c) Solicitation of Emplovees: During the period in which the provisions of Section 8a) and (b) shall be in effect; the Executive agrees that he shall not, directly or indirectly, request, recommend, or advise any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company, for the purposes of providing services for a Prohibited Business, or solicit for employment or recommend to any third party the solicitation for employment of any individual who was employed by the Company or any ofits subsidiaries and affiliates at any time during the two (2) year period preceding the Executive' s termination of employment.

(d) Non-disparagement . The Executive agrees that, after the end of his employment, he will refrain from making, directly or indirectly, in writing or orally, any unfavorable comments about the Company, its operations, policies, or procedures that would be likely to injure the Company's reputation or business prospects; provided however that nothing herein shall preclude the Executive from responding truthfully to a lawful subpoena or other compulsory legal process or from providing truthful information otherwise required by law. The Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause its senior executive management team, after the end of Executive's employment, to refrain from making, directly or indirectly, in writing or orally, any unfavorable comments about the Executive that would be

however, that nothing herein shall preclude the Company and its senior executive management team from responding truthfully to a lawful subpoena or other compulsory legal process or from providing truthful information otherwise required by law.

(e) No Payment:. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that no separate or additional payment will be required to be made to him in consideration of his undertakings in this Section 8, and confirms he has received adequate consideration for such undertakings, provided the Company has not breached this Agreement.

(f) References: References to the Company in this Section 8 shall include the Company's subsidiaries.

## 10. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information:

(a) For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes, without limitation, trade secrets, processes, policies, procedures, techniques, drawings, know-how, show-how, technical information, specifications, computer software and source code, information and data relating to the development, research, testing costs, marketing, and uses of the Services (as defined herein) the Company's budgets and strategic plans, and the identity and special needs of Customers, vendors, and suppliers, subjects and databases, data, and all technology relating to the Company's businesses, systems, methods of operation, and Customer lists, Customer information, solicitation leads, marketing and advertising materials, methods and manuals and forms, all of which pertain to the activities or operations of the Company, the names, home addresses and all telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of the Company's directors, employees, officers, executives, former executives, Customers and former Customers. Confidential Information also includes, without limitation, Confidential Information received from the Company's subsidiaries and affiliates. For purposes of this Agreement, the following will not constitute Confidential Information: (i) information which is or subsequently becomes generally available to the public through no act or fault of the Executive, (ii) information set forth in the written records of the Executive prior to disclosure to the Executive by or on behalf of the Company which information is given to the Company in writing as of or prior to the date of this Agreement, and (iii) information which is lawfully obtained by the Executive in writing from third party (excluding any affiliates of the Executive) who lawfully acquired the confidential information and who did not acquire such confidential information or trade secret, directly or indirectly, from the Executive or the Company or subsidiaries or affiliates and who has not breached any duty of confidentiality. As used herein, the term "Services" shall include all services offered for sale and marketed by the Company during the Term. designs, its

(b) Legitimate Business Interests: The Executive recognizes that the Company has legitimate business interests to protect and as a consequence, the Executive agrees to the restrictions contained in this Agreement because further the Company's legitimate business interests. These legitimate business interests include, but are not limited to (i) trade secrets; (ii) valuable confidential business, technical, and/or professional information that otherwise may not qualify as trade secrets, including, but not limited all Confidential Information; (iii) substantial, significant, or relationships with specific prospective or existing Customers, vendors, or suppliers; (iv) Customer goodwill associated with the Company's business; and (v) specialized training relating to the Company's technology, Services, methods, operations and procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 9(b) shall be construed to impose restrictions greater than those imposed by other provisions of this Agreement. they key to,

(c) Confidentiality:   During the Term of this Agreement and following termination of employment, for any reason, the Confidential Information shall be held by the Executive in the strictest confidence and shall not, without the prior express written consent ofthe Company, be disclosed to any person other than in connection with the Executive' s employment by the Company. The Executive further acknowledges that such Confidential  Information as is acquired and used by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates is a special, valuable, and unique asset. The Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the Companys Confidential Information and to keep it confidential whether it is in written form, on electronic media, oral, or otherwise. The Executive shall not copy any Confidential Information except to the extent necessary to his employment, nor remove any Confidential Information or thereof from the Company's premises except to the copies

Employment Agreement

extent necessary to his employment. All records, files, materials, and other Confidential Information obtained by the Executive in the course of his employment with the Company are confidential and proprietary and shall remain the exclusive property of the Company: The Executive shall not, except in connection with and as required by his performance of his duties under this Agreement, for any reason use for his own benefit or the benefit of any person or entity other than the Company or disclose any such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever without the prior express written consent of an executive officer of the Company (excluding the Executive)

(e) Whistleblowing: Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the Executive from reporting any act or failure to act to the SEC or other governmental body or prevent the Executive from obtaining a fee as a "whistleblower" under Rule 21F-17la) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 or other rules or regulations implemented under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and Consumer Protection Act.

[DISA"] Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement; the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that is made (a) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding- If the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the Company's trade secrets to the Executive'5 attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Executive files any document containing trade secrets under seal; and does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order.

## 11. Equitable Relief:

(a) The Company and the Executive agree that in the event of the breach by the Executive of Sections 9or 10of the Agreement (without the prior consent of the Chief Executive Officer), the Company shall be entitled to institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction referred to in Section 11(b) below, to enjoin the Executive from breaching the provisions of Section 9 or Section 10

(b) action must be commenced only in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York. The Executive and the Company irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and agree to take any and all action necessary to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Executive and the Company irrevocably waive any objection that now have or hereafter may have to the laying of venue of any suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court and further irrevocably waive any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Finaljudgment against the Executive or the Company in any such suit shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment, a certified or true copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and the amount of any liability of the Executive or the Company therein described, or by appropriate proceedings under any applicable treaty or otherwise Any future they

Conflicts of Interest: While employed by the Company, the Executive shall not, unless approved by the Chief Executive Officer, directly or indirectly:

(a) participate as an individual in any way in the benefits of transactions with any of the Company's vendors or Customers, including, without limitation, having a financial interest in the Company's vendors or Customers, or making loans Or receiving loans, from, the Company's vendors or Customers; to,

Employment Agreement

(b) realize a personal or advantage from a transaction in which the Company has an interest or use information obtained in connection with the Executive's employment with the Company for the Executive' 5 personal advantage or gain; or gain

(c) accept any offer to serve as an officer, director, partner, consultant, manager with, or to be employed in a professional, technical, or managerial capacity by, a person or that does business with the Company. entity

12. Inventions, Ideas Processes Desiens: All inventions, ideas, processes, programs, software, and designs (including all improvements) (i) conceived or made by the Executive during the course of his employment with the Company (whether or not actually conceived during regular business hours) and (ii) related to the business of the Company, shall be disclosed in writing promptly to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and the Executive hereby any such inventions to the Company. An invention, idea, process, program, software, or design (including an improvement) shall be deemed related to the business of the Company if (a) it was made with the Company's funds, personnel, equipment, supplies, current business or demonstrably anticipated research or development work of the Company. The Executive shall cooperate with the Company and its attorneys in the preparation of patent and copyright applications for such developments and, upon request, shall promptly assign all such inventions, ideas, processes, and designs to the Company. The decision to file for patent or copyright protection or to maintain such development as a trade secret, or otherwise, shall be in the sole discretion of the Company, and the Executive shall be bound by such decision. The Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no additional consideration, the Executive'5 entire right, title, and interest in and to all work product and intellectual property rights, including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present and future infringement; misappropriation or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the Company's rights, title; or interest in any work product or intellectual property rights s0 as to be less in any respect than the Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement. If applicable, the Executive shall provide as a schedule to this Agreement, a complete list of all inventions, ideas, processes, and designs, if any, patented or unpatented, copyrighted or otherwise; or non-copyrighted, including a brief description; which he made or conceived prior to his employment with the Company and which therefore are excluded from the scope of this Agreement. References to the Company in this Section 12 shall include the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. assigns

13. Indebtedness- If, during the course of the Executive' s employment under this Agreement, the Executive becomes indebted to the Company for any reason, the Company may, if it so elects, and if permitted by applicable law, set off any sum due to the Company from the Executive and collect any remaining balance from the Executive unless the Executive has entered into written agreement with the Company.

14. Assienability: With written notice to the Executive, the rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company, provided that such successor or assign shall acquire all substantially all of the securities or assets and business of the Company- The Executive'5 obligations hereunder may not be assigned or alienated and any attempt to do s0 by the Executive will be void.

15.Severability The Executive expressly agrees that the character, duration, and geographicalscope of the non-competition provisions set forth in this Agreement are reasonable in light of the circumstances as exist on the date hereof. Should a decision, however, be made at a later date by a court of competent jurisdiction that the character, duration, or geographical scope of such provisions is unreasonable, then it is the intention and the agreement of the Executive and the Company that this Agreement shall be construed by the court in such a manner as to impose only those restrictions on the Executive' s conduct that are reasonable in the light of the circumstances and as are necessary to assure to the Company the benefits of this Agreement. If, in any judicial proceeding, a court shall refuse to enforce all of the separate covenants deemed included herein because taken together are more extensive than necessary to assure to the Company the intended benefits of this (a) they they

Employment Agreement

- Agreement, it is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the provisions of this Agreement that, if eliminated, would permit the remaining separate provisions to be enforced in such proceeding shall be deemed eliminated, for the purposes of such proceeding, from this Agreement.
- (b) If any provision of this Agreement otherwise is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable or is prohibited by the laws of the state or jurisdiction where it is to be performed, this Agreement shall be considered divisible as to such provision and such provision shall be inoperative in such state or jurisdiction and shall not be part of the consideration moving from either of the parties to the other. The remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be valid and binding and of like effect as though such provisions were not included.
16. Notices and Addresses: All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given if delivered to the addressees in person, by FedEx or similar receipted delivery, or next business delivery to the addresses detailed below (or to such other address, as either of them, by notice to the other may designate from time to time), or by e-mail delivery (in which event a copy shall immediately be sent by FedEx or similar receipted delivery) as follows: day
17. Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual, facsimile; or e-mail of a PDF or similar electronic format signature.
- 18 Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue:; This Agreement shall be governed or interpreted according to the internal laws of the Delaware without regard to choice of law considerations. action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of New York, County of New York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue. Any
19. Entire Agreement:- This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, except by a statement in writing signed by the party or parties which enforcement or the change, waiver discharge or termination is sought. against
- and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

To the Company:

Attn: Miles Jennings Recruiter com Group Inc 123 Farmington Avenue Suite 252 Bristol, CT 06010

To the Executive:

Attn: Josh McBride

Employment Agreement

21. Waiver of Irial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY EXHIBITS,   SCHEDULES, AND ATTACHMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY. Junx

## 21. Section 4O9A Compliance:

(a) This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,as amended ("Section 409A") , an exemption thereunder. This   Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. payments under this Agreement that be excluded from Section 4O9A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service (including voluntary separation from service for reason that is considered an involuntary separation for purposes of the separation pay exception under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(2)) or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes "separation from service" under Section 4O9A. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest; or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. Any may good Any

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if at the time of the Executives termination of employment, the Executive is a 'specified employee" determined in accordance with Section 409A, any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute "nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A (e.g-, payments and benefits that do not qualify as a short-term deferral or as a separation pay exception) that are provided to the Executive on account of the Executive' 5 separation from service shall not be until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of otherwise have been made during such six-month period shall be in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date without interest and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be without delay in accordance with their original schedule If the Executive dies during the six-month period, any delayed payments shall be to the Executive' 5 estate in sum upon the Executive' 5 death. paid paid paid paid lump

(c) To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following:

(i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

(ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be to the Executive on or before the last of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and paid day

(iii) any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

23. Iolling- Should the Executive violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenants contained herein, the obligation at issue will run from the first date on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation. The Executive acknowledges that the purposes and intended effects of the restrictive covenants herein would be frustrated by measuring the period of the restriction from the date of termination of this Agreement where the Executive failed to honor the restrictive covenant until required to do s0 by court order.
2. 22 Notification to Subsequent Employer- When the Executive'5 employment with the Company terminates, the Executive agrees to notify any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants sections contained in this Agreement. The Executive will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Company before the Executive commences employment with any subsequent employer . In addition, the Executive authorizes the Company to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants sections of this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to the Executive' s subsequent, anticipated, or future employer.
23. read, understands, and voluntarily enters into this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has had an opportunity to ask questions and consult with an attorney of his choice before signing this Agreement, and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved the drafting party shall not apply in the interpretation of this Agreement. fully against
4. 24.Gender Neutral Where appropriate herein, the references to the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter , vice versa, and the singular shall include the plural and the plural the singular, in each case as the context may require. and

<!-- image -->

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the date first written above

Josh McBride

By:

Accepted by Company

Recruiter.com Group Inc.

BY:

Name: Evan H. Sohn, CEO

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the date first written above.

Josh McBride

By:

<!-- image -->

Accepted by Company

Recruiter.com Group Inc.

BY:

Name: Evan H. Sohn, CEO

## EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT

THIS EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT (the "Agreement") is entered into as of March 25,2021 with a start date of March 26, 2021 (the "Effective Date"), by and between Recruiter.com Group Inc., Nevada corporation (the "Company"), and Xuan Smith (the "Executive"), of

WHEREAS, in its business, the Company has acquired and developed certain trade secrets, including, but not limited proprietary processes, sales methods and techniques, and other like confidential business and technical information, including but not limited technical information, design systems, pricing methods, pricing rates or discounts, processes, procedures, formulas, designs of computer software, or improvements, or any portion or phase thereof, whether patented or not, or unpatentable, that is of any value whatsoever to the Company, as well as information relating to the Company's Services (as defined below), information concerning proposed new Services, market feasibility studies, proposed or existing marketing techniques or plans (whether developed or produced by the Company or by any other person or entity for the Company), other Confidential Information, as defined in Section 9la), and information about the Company' s executives, officers, and directors, which necessarily will be communicated to the Executive by reason of his employment by the Company; and to, to,

WHEREAS, the Company has strong and legitimate business interests in preserving and protecting its investment in the Executive, its trade secrets and Confidential Information, and its substantial, significant, or relationships with vendors and customers, whether actual or prospective; and key

WHEREAS, the Company desires to preserve and protect its legitimate business interests further by restricting competitive activities of the Executive during the term of this Agreement and for a reasonable time following the termination of this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive and to ensure the continued availability to the Company of the Executive' $ services, and the Executive is willing to accept such employment and render such services, all upon and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises the mutual covenants set forth in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound, the Company and the Executive agree as follows: and

## 1. Representations and Warranties

(a) The Executive hereby represents and warrants to the Company that he (i) is not subject to non-solicitation or noncompetition agreement affecting his employment with the Company (other than any prior agreement with the Company or an affiliate of the Company) , (ii) is not subject to any confidentiality or nonuse/nondisclosure agreement affecting his employment with the Company (other than any prior agreement with the Company or an affiliate of the Company), and (iii) has brought to the Company no trade secrets, confidential business information, documents, or other personal property of a prior employer. The recitals above are incorporated in this Agreement as representations and covenants. Each party covenants to act in good faith in the discharge of this Agreement. any

## 2 Ierm of Employment:

(a) Ierm. The Company hereby employs the Executive, and the Executive hereby accepts employment with the Company commencing as of the Effective Date through December 31, 2023 (the "Term"). The Executive may be given a new Employment Agreement after the Term subject to different compensation to be determined by the Chief Executive Officer.

(b) Continuing Effect: Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement; at the end of the Term or otherwise, the provisions of Sections 6, 7,8,9,10,11,16,18,19,and 22 shall remain in full force and effect and the provisions of Section 9 shall be binding upon the legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the Executive.

## 3. Duties:

(a) General Duties: The Executive shall serve as Vice President, with duties and responsibilities that are customary for such an executive. The Executive shall report to the Chief Operating Officer of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. The Executive shall also perform services for subsidiaries and affiliates of the Company as may be necessary. The Executive shall use his best efforts to perform his duties and discharge his responsibilities pursuant to this Agreement competently, carefully, and faithfully. In determining whether or not the Executive has used his best efforts hereunder, the Executive's and the Company's delegation of authority and all surrounding circumstances shall be taken into account and the best efforts of the Executive shall not be judged solely on the Company's earnings or other results of the Executive's performance, except as specifically provided to the contrary by this Agreement.

(b) Adherence to Inside Information Policies: The Executive acknowledges that the Company is publicly-held and, as result, has implemented inside information policies designed to preclude its executives and those of its subsidiaries and affiliates from violating the federal securities laws by trading on material, non-public information or passing such information on to others in breach of any owed to the Company, or any third party. The Executive shall promptly execute any agreements generally distributed by the Company to its employees requiring such employees, including the Executive, to abide by its inside information policies. duty

## Compensation and Expenses

- (a) Cash Compensation. The Company will pay the Executive a salary of $125,000 per annum, in accordance with the Company's standard payroll schedule. This salary will be subject to annual review by the Company's Compensation Committee payable
- (b) Bonus.
- (i) Definitions:
- (1)  Upsider SaaS revenue ("SaaS Revenue"). A subscription business whereby clients subscribe to the
- (2) "Gross Profits' are defined as Gross Revenues of Upsider SaaS revenue less Cost of Sales, which includes Sales and Marketing expenses.
- Executive will be entitled to receive five percent (5%) of the Gross Profits generated by Upsider SaaS revenue (to be rebranded as "Recruiter.com Al"), less any and all compensation to Executive (the "Gross Profit Bonus") paid
- (1) For example; if the Gross Profit in a given month is $180,000, based on the fully burdened monthly compensation of $12,000 (for both Josh and Xuan) the Executive will be entitled to receive the monthly Bonus of 5% of ($18Ok-$24k) $156,000 or $7,800.
- (iii) Bonus will be accrued monthly and paid quarterly.
- (c) Expenses. In addition to any compensation received pursuant to this Section 4, the Company will reimburse or advance funds to the Executive for all reasonable documented travel, meals, and lodging (including travel expenses incurred by

the Executive related to his travel to the Company's other offices and on business missions for the Company) entertainment and miscellaneous expenses incurred in connection with the performance of his duties under this Agreement, provided that the Executive properly provides a written accounting of such expenses to the Company in accordance with the Company's practices. Such reimbursement or advances will be made in accordance with the policies and procedures of the Company in effect from time to time relating to reimbursement of, or advances its executive officers, except that no policy shall change the terms of this Agreement. to,

## 5. Benefits:

(a) Paid Time Off. During the Term, for each calendar year starting with the calendar year 2021, the Executive shall be eligible to receive four (4) weeks of Paid Time Off ("PTO"), to be taken at such times as the Executive may select and the affairs of the Company may permit. The Executive' s eligibility for PTO in current calendar year shall be prorated based on the Effective Date of this Agreement. accrued, but unused may be carried over to the next calendar year. days Any or other employee benefit plan that is maintained by the Company for its executives, including programs of life insurance and reimbursement of membership fees in professional organizations. The benefits provided to the Executive may not be less than the Company provides to any of its executive employees, and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plan documents, as may exist from time to time, subject to applicable law. they

6. Iermination  Upon termination of the Executive' s employment, the Executive shall (i) provide or return to the Company any and all Company property, including cards, access cards, security devices, employer credit cards, network access devices, computers, cell phones, smartphones, manuals, work product, thumb drives or other removable information storage devices, and hard drives, and all Company documents and materials belonging to the Company and stored in any fashion, including but not limited to those that constitute or contain any Confidential Information or work product, that are in the possession or control of the Executive, whether were provided to the Executive by the Company or any of its business associates or created by the Executive in connection with his employment by the Company; and (ii) delete or destroy all of any such documents and materials not returned to the Company that remain in the Executive'5 possession or control including those stored on any non-Company devices, networks, storage locations, and media in the Executive'5 possession or control. keys, key they copies

7 Severance In the event the Company terminates the Executive with or without good cause, the Company shall continue to pay the Executive the Compensation identified in Section 4a Jfor a period of one month for every year (including any partial year) employed at the Company. Such payment shall be made in a lump sum within seven (7) days of the last of Executive' 5 employment. day

8. Indemnification: The Company shall indemnify the Executive, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, against all costs, charges, and expenses incurred or sustained by him in connection with any action, suit, or proceeding to which he may be made a party by reason of his an officer, director, or employee of the Company or of any subsidiary or affiliate of the Company, provided however that this obligation shall exclude any claims or actions between the Executive and the Company and/or its affiliates. This indemnification shall be pursuant to an Indemnification Agreement, copy of which is annexed as Exhibit 4. The Executive shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company from and against any and all loss, liability, cost, or expense based upon, arising out of, or otherwise in respect of any breach or violation of this Agreement. being

## 9 Non-Competition Agreement:

(a) Competition with the Company: Until termination of his employment, unless he is terminated by the Company without Cause or if the Company breaches this Agreement and the Company fails to cure the breach within 10 after receipt of notice, and for period of two (2) years commencing on the date of any other termination, the Executive (individually or in association with, or as a shareholder, director, officer, consultant; employee, partner, joint venturer, member, or otherwise, of or through any person, firm, corporation, partnership, association, or other entity) shall not, directly or indirectly, compete with the Company (which for the purpose of this Agreement also includes any of its subsidiaries or affiliates) by acting as an employee or officer (or comparable position) of, owning an interest or providing services substantially similar to those services the Executive provided to the Company to any entity within any metropolitan area in the United States or other country in which the Company was actually engaged in business as of the time of termination of employment or where the Company reasonably expected to engage in business within three months of the date of termination of employment. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "compete with the Company" shall refer to any business activity in which the Company was engaged as of the termination of the Executive's employment or reasonably expected to engage in within three months of termination of employment; provided howeves the foregoing shall not prevent the Executive from (i) accepting employment with an enterprise engaged in two or more lines of business, one of which is the same or similar to the Company's business (the "Prohibited Business") , if the Executive' s employment is totally unrelated to the Prohibited Business, (ii) competing in a country where as of the time of the alleged violation the Company has ceased engaging in business, or (iii) competing in a line of business which as of the time of the alleged violation the Company has either ceased engaging in or publicly announced or disclosed that it intends to cease engaging provided further the foregoing shall not prohibit the Executive from owning up to 5% of the securities of any publicly-traded enterprise provided that the Executive is not a director, officer , consultant, employee, partner, joint venturer, manager, or member of, or to such enterprise; or otherwise compensated for services rendered thereby. days in, in;

(b) Solicitation of Customers: During the periods in which the provisions of Section 8(a) shall be in effect, the Executive, directly or indirectly, will not solicit or attempt to solicit Prohibited Business from any Customer (as defined below) on behalf of himself or any enterprise or business other than the Company, refer Prohibited Business from any Customer to any enterprise business other than the Company, or receive commissions based on sales or otherwise relating to the Prohibited Business from any Customer, or any enterprise or business other than the Company. For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Customer" means any person, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, or other entity to which the Company or any ofits affiliates sold or provided or services during the 12-month period prior to the time at which any determination is required to be made as to whether any such person, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association or other entity is a Customer, or who or which was approached by or who or which has approached an employee of the Company for the purpose of soliciting business from the Company or the third party, as the case may provided howeves the or services must be competitive in some respect to the Company's business during such time. goods be; goods

(c) Solicitation of Emplovees: During the period in which the provisions of Section 8a) and (b) shall be in effect; the Executive agrees that he shall not, directly or indirectly, request, recommend, or advise any employee of the Company to terminate his or her employment with the Company, for the purposes of providing services for a Prohibited Business, or solicit for employment or recommend to any third party the solicitation for employment of any individual who was employed by the Company or any ofits subsidiaries and affiliates at any time during the two (2) year period preceding the Executive's termination of employment

(d) Non-disparagement . The Executive agrees that, after the end of his employment, he will refrain from making, directly or indirectly, in writing or orally, any unfavorable comments about the Company, its operations, policies, or procedures that would be likely to injure the Company's reputation or business prospects; provided however that nothing herein shall preclude the Executive from responding truthfully to a lawful subpoena or other compulsory legal process or from providing truthful information otherwise required by law. The Company shall use reasonable efforts to cause its senior executive management team, after the endof Executive's employment, to refrain from making directly or indirectly, in writing or orally, any unfavorable comments about the Executive that would be

however, that nothing herein shall preclude the Company and its senior executive management team from responding truthfully to a lawful subpoena or other compulsory legal process or from providing truthful information otherwise required by law.

(e) No Payment:. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that no separate or additional payment will be required to be made to him in consideration of his undertakings in this Section 8, and confirms he has received adequate consideration for such undertakings, provided the Company has not breached this Agreement.

(f) References: References to the Company in this Section 8 shall include the Company's subsidiaries.

## 10. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information:

(a) For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes, without limitation, trade secrets, processes, policies, procedures, techniques, drawings, know-how, show-how, technical information, specifications, computer software and source code, information and data relating to the development, research, testing costs, marketing, and uses of the Services (as defined herein) the Company's budgets and strategic plans, and the identity and special needs of Customers, vendors, and suppliers, subjects and databases, data, and all technology relating to the Company's businesses, systems, methods of operation, and Customer lists, Customer information, solicitation leads, marketing and advertising materials, methods and manuals and forms, all of which pertain to the activities or operations of the Company, the names, home addresses and all telephone numbers and e-mail addresses of the Company's directors, employees, officers, executives, former executives, Customers and former Customers. Confidential Information also includes, without limitation, Confidential Information received from the Company's subsidiaries and affiliates. For purposes of this Agreement, the following will not constitute Confidential Information: (i) information which is or subsequently becomes generally available to the public through no act or fault of the Executive, (ii) information set forth in the written records of the Executive prior to disclosure to the Executive by or on behalf of the Company which information is given to the Company in writing as of or prior to the date of this Agreement, and (iii) information which is lawfully obtained by the Executive in writing from third party (excluding any affiliates of the Executive) who lawfully acquired the confidential information and who did not acquire such confidential information or trade secret, directly or indirectly, from the Executive or the Company or subsidiaries or affiliates and who has not breached any duty of confidentiality. As used herein, the term "Services" shall include all services offered for sale and marketed by the Company during the Term. designs, its

(b) Legitimate Business Interests: The Executive recognizes that the Company has legitimate business interests to protect and as a consequence, the Executive agrees to the restrictions contained in this Agreement because further the Company's legitimate business interests. These legitimate business interests include, but are not limited to (i) trade secrets; (ii) valuable confidential business, technical, and/or professional information that otherwise may not qualify as trade secrets, including, but not limited all Confidential Information; (iii) substantial, significant, or relationships with specific prospective or existing Customers, vendors, or suppliers; (iv) Customer goodwill associated with the Company's business; and (v) specialized training relating to the Company's technology, Services, methods, operations and procedures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 9(b) shall be construed to impose restrictions greater than those imposed by other provisions of this Agreement. they key to,

(c) Confidentiality:   During the Term of this Agreement and following termination of employment, for any reason, the Confidential Information shall be held by the Executive in the strictest confidence and shall not, without the prior express written consent ofthe Company, be disclosed to any person other than in connection with the Executive' s employment by the Company. The Executive further acknowledges that such Confidential  Information as is acquired and used by the Company or its subsidiaries or affiliates is a special, valuable, and unique asset. The Executive shall exercise all due and diligent precautions to protect the integrity of the Companys Confidential Information and to keep it confidential whether it is in written form, on electronic media, oral, or otherwise. The Executive shall not copy any Confidential Information except to the extent necessary to his employment, nor remove any Confidential Information or thereof from the Company's premises except to the copies

Employment Agreement

extent necessary to his employment. All records, files, materials, and other Confidential Information obtained by the Executive in the course of his employment with the Company are confidential and proprietary and shall remain the exclusive property of the Company: The Executive shall not, except in connection with and as required by his performance of his duties under this Agreement, for any reason use for his own benefit or the benefit of any person or entity other than the Company or disclose any such Confidential Information to any person, firm, corporation, association, or other entity for any reason or purpose whatsoever without the prior express written consent of an executive officer of the Company (excluding the Executive)

(e) Whistleblowing: Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to prevent the Executive from reporting any act or failure to act to the SEC or other governmental body or prevent the Executive from obtaining a fee as a "whistleblower" under Rule 21F-17la) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 or other rules or regulations implemented under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform Act and Consumer Protection Act.

[DISA"] Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement; the Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for any disclosure of a trade secret that is made (a) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting investigating a suspected violation of law; or is made in a complaint or other document filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding- If the Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, the Executive may disclose the Company's trade secrets to the Executive'5 attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding if the Executive files any document containing trade secrets under seal; and does not disclose trade secrets, except pursuant to court order.

## 11. Equitable Relief:

(a) The Company and the Executive agree that in the event of the breach by the Executive of Sections 9or 10of the Agreement (without the prior consent of the Chief Executive Officer), the Company shall be entitled to institute and prosecute proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction referred to in Section 11(b) below, to enjoin the Executive from breaching the provisions of Section 9 or Section 10

(b) action must be commenced only in the appropriate state or federal court located in New York County, New York. The Executive and the Company irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and agree to take any and all action necessary to submit to the jurisdiction of such courts. The Executive and the Company irrevocably waive any objection that now have or hereafter may have to the laying of venue of any suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court and further irrevocably waive any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum. Finaljudgment against the Executive or the Company in any such suit shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment, a certified or true copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and the amount of any liability of the Executive or the Company therein described, or by appropriate proceedings under any applicable treaty or otherwise Any future they

Conflicts of Interest: While employed by the Company, the Executive shall not, unless approved by the Chief Executive Officer, directly or indirectly:

(a) participate as an individual in any way in the benefits of transactions with any of the Company's vendors or Customers, including, without limitation, having a financial interest in the Company's vendors or Customers, or making loans Or receiving loans, from, the Company's vendors or Customers; to,

Employment Agreement

(b) realize a personal or advantage from a transaction in which the Company has an interest or use information obtained in connection with the Executive's employment with the Company for the Executive' 5 personal advantage or gain; or gain

(c) accept any offer to serve as an officer, director, partner, consultant, manager with, or to be employed in a professional, technical, or managerial capacity by, a person or that does business with the Company. entity

12. Inventions, Ideas Processes Desiens: All inventions, ideas, processes, programs, software, and (including all improvements) (i) conceived or made by the Executive during the course of his employment with the Company (whether or not actually conceived during regular business hours) and (ii) related to the business of the Company, shall be disclosed in writing promptly to the Company and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and the Executive hereby assigns any such inventions to the Company. An invention, idea, process, program, software, or design (including an improvement) shall be deemed related to the business of the Company if (a) it was made with the Company's funds, personnel, equipment; supplies, current business or demonstrably anticipated research or development work of the Company. The Executive shall cooperate with the Company and its attorneys in the preparation of patent and copyright applications for such developments and, upon request, shall promptly assign all such inventions, ideas, processes, and designs to the Company. The decision to file for patent or copyright protection or to maintain such development as a trade secret, or otherwise, shall be in the sole discretion of the Company, and the Executive shall be bound by such decision. The Executive hereby irrevocably assigns to the Company, for no additional consideration, the Executive'5 entire right, title, and interest in and to all work product and intellectual property rights, including the right to sue, counterclaim, and recover for all past, present and future infringement, misappropriation or dilution thereof, and all rights corresponding thereto throughout the world. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to reduce or limit the Company's be less in any respect than the Company would have had in the absence of this Agreement. If applicable, the Executive shall provide as a schedule to this Agreement, a complete list of all inventions, ideas, processes, and designs, if any, patented or unpatented, copyrighted or otherwise; or non-copyrighted, including a brief description; which he made or conceived prior to his employment with the Company and which therefore are excluded from the scope of this Agreement. References to the Company in this Section 12 shall include the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. designs

13. Indebtedness- If, during the course of the Executive' s employment under this Agreement, the Executive becomes indebted to the Company for any reason, the Company may, if it so elects, and if permitted by applicable law, set off any sum due to the Company from the Executive and collect any remaining balance from the Executive unless the Executive has entered into written agreement with the Company.

14. Assienability: With written notice to the Executive, the rights and obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the successors and assigns of the Company, provided that such successor or assign shall acquire all substantially all of the securities or assets and business of the Company- The Executive'5 obligations hereunder may not be assigned or alienated and any attempt to do s0 by the Executive will be void.

15.Severability The Executive expressly agrees that the character, duration, and geographicalscope of the non-competition provisions set forth in this Agreement are reasonable in light of the circumstances as exist on the date hereof. Should a decision, however, be made at a later date by a court of competent jurisdiction that the character, duration, or geographical scope of such provisions is unreasonable, then it is the intention and the agreement of the Executive and the Company that this Agreement shall be construed by the court in such a manner as to impose only those restrictions on the Executive' s conduct that are reasonable in the light of the circumstances and as are necessary to assure to the Company the benefits of this Agreement. If, in any judicial proceeding, a court shall refuse to enforce all of the separate covenants deemed included herein because taken together are more extensive than necessary to assure to the Company the intended benefits of this (a) they they

Employment Agreement

- Agreement, it is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the provisions of this Agreement that, if eliminated, would permit the remaining separate provisions to be enforced in such proceeding shall be deemed eliminated, for the purposes of such proceeding, from this Agreement.
- (b) If any provision of this Agreement otherwise is deemed to be invalid or unenforceable or is prohibited by the laws of the state or jurisdiction where it is to be performed, this Agreement shall be considered divisible as to such provision and such provision shall be inoperative in such state or jurisdiction and shall not be of the consideration moving from either of the parties to the other. The remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be valid and binding and of like effect as though such provisions were not included. part
16. Notices and Addresses: All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing and shall be sufficiently given if delivered to the addressees in person, by FedEx or similar receipted delivery, or next business delivery to the addresses detailed below (or to such other address, as either of them, by notice to the other may designate from time to time), or by e-mail delivery (in which event a copy shall immediately be sent by FedEx or similar receipted delivery) as follows: day
- 17 Counterparts: This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual, facsimile; or e-mail of a PDF or similar electronic format signature.
18. Governing Law; Jurisdiction and Venue: This Agreement shall be governed or interpreted according to the internal laws of the Delaware without regard to choice of law considerations. action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of York, County of York. The parties hereby irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts and waive the defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such action or proceeding in such venue Any New New
19. Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, except by a statement in writing signed by the party or parties which enforcement or the change, waiver discharge or termination is sought. against
- and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
21. Waiver of Jury Irial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY EXHIBITS, SCHEDULES, AND ATTACHMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS AGREEMENT, IS LIKELY TO

To the Company:

Attn: Miles Jennings Recruiter com Group Inc 123 Farmington Avenue Suite 252 Bristol, CT 06010

To the Executive:

Attn: Josh McBride XXXX

Employment Agreement

INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES AND, THEREFORE, EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ANY   EXHIBITS, SCHEDULES, AND ATTACHMENTS ATTACHED TO THIS   AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

## 21. Section 4O9A Compliance.

(a) This Agreement is intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ("Section 409A"), or an exemption thereunder. This   Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, payments provided under this Agreement may only be made upon an event and in a manner that complies with Section 409A or an applicable exemption. payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service (including voluntary separation from service for reason that is considered an involuntary separation for purposes of the separation pay exception under Treasury Regulation 1.409A-1(n)(2)) or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. payments to be made under this Agreement upon a termination of employment shall only be made if such termination of employment constitutes 'separation from service under Section 409A. Notwithstanding the foregoing the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement comply with Section 409A and in no event shall the Company be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest; or other expenses that may be incurred by the Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. Any good Any

(b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, if at the time of the Executive's termination of employment, the Executive is a 'specified employee determined in accordance with Section 409A, any payments and benefits provided under this Agreement that constitute "nonqualified deferred compensation" subject to Section 409A (e.g , payments and benefits that do not qualify as a short-term deferral or as a separation pay exception) that are provided to the Executive on account of the Executive' 5 separation from service shall not be until the first payroll date to occur following the six-month anniversary of the Executive's termination date ("Specified Employee Payment Date"). The aggregate amount of any payments that would otherwise have been made during such six-month period shall be in a lump sum on the Specified Employee Payment Date without interest and thereafter, any remaining payments shall be without in accordance with their original schedule If the Executive dies during the six-month period, any delayed payments shall be to the Executive' s estate in a lump sum paid paid paid delay paid

(c) To the extent required by Section 409A, each reimbursement or in-kind benefit provided under this Agreement shall be provided in accordance with the following:

(i) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits provided, during each calendar year cannot affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in-kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year;

(ii) any reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be to the Executive on or before the last of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the expense was incurred; and paid day any right to reimbursements or in-kind benefits under this Agreement shall not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

23. Iolling Should the Executive violate any of the terms of the restrictive covenants contained herein, the obligation at issue will run from the first date on which the Executive ceases to be in violation of such obligation. The Executive acknowledges that the purposes and intended effects of the restrictive covenants herein would be frustrated by measuring the period of the

Employment Agreement restriction from the date of termination of this Agreement where the Executive failed to honor the restrictive covenant until required to do s0 by court order .

22. Notification to Subsequent Employer- When the Executive'5 employment with the Company terminates, the Executive agrees to notify any subsequent employer of the restrictive covenants sections contained in this Agreement. The Executive will also deliver a copy of such notice to the Company before the Executive commences employment with any subsequent employer . In addition, the Executive authorizes the Company to provide a copy of the restrictive covenants sections of this Agreement to third parties, including but not limited to the Executive' s subsequent, anticipated, or future employer.
23. Acknowledement o Full Understanding;\_Construction The Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has read, understands, and voluntarily enters into this Agreement. The Executive acknowledges and agrees that he has had an opportunity to ask questions and consult with an attorney of his choice before signing this Agreement, and that any rule of construction to the effect that ambiguities are to be resolved the drafting party shall not apply in the interpretation of this Agreement. fully against
24. Gender Neutral- Where appropriate herein, the references to the masculine gender shall include the feminine and neuter, and vice versa, and the singular shall include the plural and the plural the singular, in each case as the context may require.

<!-- image -->

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the date first written above.

Xuan Smith

By:

Accepted by Company

Recruiter com Group Inc.

BY:

Name: Evan H. Sohn, CEO

Employment Agreement

11

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have executed this Employment Agreement effective as of the date first written above.

Xuan Smith

<!-- image -->

By:

Accepted by Company

Recruiter.com Group Inc.

BY:

Name: Evan H. Sohn, CEO

## INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

THIS INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the 'Agreement') is entered into as of [DATE], between Recruiter.com Group, Inc. (the 'Company') and [NAME OF OPTIONEE] (the 'Optionee').

WHEREAS,  by  action  taken  by  the  Board  of  Directors  (the  'Board')  the  Company  has  authorized  the  2021  Equity  Incentive  Plan,  (the  'Plan'),  which authorization was approved by the Company's stockholders on August 18, 2021; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Plan, it has been determined that in order to enhance the ability of the Company to attract and retain qualified employees, consultants and directors, the Company has granted the Optionee the right to purchase the common stock of the Company pursuant to stock options.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises hereafter set forth and for other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Grant of Incentive Stock Options. The Company hereby irrevocably grants to the Optionee not in lieu of salary or other compensation for services, the right and option to purchase all or any part of [NUMBER OF SHARES] shares of authorized but unissued or treasury common stock of the Company (the 'Incentive Options') on the terms and conditions herein set forth. This Agreement replaces any stock option agreement or offer letter previously provided to the Optionee, if any, with respect to  these  Incentive Options. The Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, as amended. The exercise of the Incentive Options is subject to the Company effecting a reverse split or

- 2.Price. The exercise price of the Incentive Options is $[PRICE] per share.
3. Vesting - When Exercisable.

(a) Subject to Section 3(c) of this Agreement, vested Incentive Options may be until 6:00 p.m. New York time until five years from the grant date (the 'Expiration  Date').  Subject  to  this  Section  3  and  Sections  4  and  5,  vested  Incentive  Options  shall  be  automatically  cashlessly  exercised  on  the  Expiration  Date  in accordance with Exhibit 1.

(b)The Incentive Options shall vest based on the following schedule: [VESTING SCHEDULES - QUARTERLY OVER A ONE, TWO, OR FOUR YEAR PERIOD(S) OR OTHER SCHEDULES WHICH MAY INCLUDE A CLIFF AS PART OF THE SCHEDULE], subject to the Optionee's continued service as an employee to the Company as of each vesting date. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Incentive Options shall vest immediately on the occurrence of a Change of Control as defined under the Plan (a 'Triggering Event'); provided, however, that there shall be no immediate vesting under clause (ii) of the definition of Change of Control if the directors serving just prior to the Triggering Event remain the majority of the Board after the Triggering Event. Additionally, all Incentive Options shall vest immediately (subject to the preceding sentence) on the date the Company publicly announces, by press release, by disclosure in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise (the 'Public Announcement'), its intention to sell substantially all of the Company's assets or to enter into a merger or consolidation as described under the definition of Change of Control in the Plan. If the Optionee exercises the Incentive Options within 10 calendar days from the date of the Public Announcement, the Optionee shall be deemed a record holder of the shares underlying the Incentive Options as of the record date of the Change of Control.

(c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, upon resolution of the Board or the Compensation Committee (as defined in the Plan), the Incentive Options, whether vested or unvested, shall be immediately forfeited and no longer exercisable if any of the events specified in Section 24 of the Plan occur.

4. Termination of Relationship.
2. (a) If for any reason the Optionee ceases to perform services for the Company, all rights granted hereunder shall terminate effective ninety days from that date.
3. (b) If the Optionee ceases to provide services for the Company as a result of his death, the Optionee's estate or any Transferee, as defined herein, shall have the right within ninety days from the date of the Optionee's death to exercise the Optionee's the Incentive Options subject to Section 3(c). For the purpose of this Agreement, 'Transferee' shall mean a person to whom such shares are transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.
4. (c) If the Optionee ceases to provide services as a result of becoming disabled within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, all rights granted hereunder shall terminate effective ninety days from that date.
5. (d) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 4, the Incentive Options may not be exercised after the Expiration Date.
6. (e) Any of the Incentive Options that were not vested immediately prior to termination of services shall terminate at that time.

For purposes of this Agreement 'Company' shall include subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company.

5. Forfeiture and Clawback. The Incentive Options granted hereunder shall all be subject to forfeiture and clawback provisions provided for under Sections 24 of the Plan.

6. Profits on the Sale of Certain Shares; Redemption. If any of the events specified in Section 24 of the Plan occur within one year from the last date the Optionee performs  services  for  the  Company  in  the  capacity  for  which  the  Incentive  Options  were  granted  (the  'Termination  Date'),  all  profits  earned  from  the  sale  of  the Company's securities, including the sale of shares of common stock underlying the Incentive Options, during the two-year period commencing one year prior to the Termination Date shall be forfeited and forthwith paid by the Optionee to the Company. Further, in such event, the Company may at its option redeem shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Incentive Options by payment of the exercise price to the Optionee. The Company's rights under this Section 6 do not lapse one year from the Termination Date but are a contract right subject to any appropriate statutory limitation period.

her own tax advisors regarding the tax effects of these Incentive Options and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements. To the extent any portion of these Incentive Options does not so qualify as an 'incentive stock option,' such portion shall be deemed to be a non-qualified stock option. If the Optionee intends to dispose or does dispose (whether by sale, gift, transfer or otherwise) of any these Incentive Options within the one-year period beginning on the date after the transfer of such shares to him or her, or within the two-year period beginning on the day after the grant of these Incentive Options, he or she will so notify the Company within 30 days after such disposition.

8. Method of Exercise. The Incentive Options shall be exercisable by a written notice which shall:
2. (a) state the election to exercise the Incentive Options, the number of shares to be exercised, the person in whose name the stock certificate or certificates for such shares of common stock is to be registered, address and social security number of such person (or if more than one, the names, addresses and social security numbers of such persons);
3. (b) if applicable, contain such representations and agreements as to the holder's investment intent with respect to such shares of common stock as set forth in Section 12 hereof;
4. (c)  be  signed  by  the  person  or  persons  entitled  to  exercise  the  Incentive  Options  and,  if  the  Incentive  Options  are  being  exercised  by  any  person  or persons other than the Optionee, be accompanied by proof, satisfactory to counsel for the Company, of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Incentive Options;
5. (d) be accompanied by full payment of the exercise price by tender to the Company of an amount equal to the exercise price multiplied by the number of underlying shares being purchased either in cash, by wire transfer, or by certified check or bank cashier's check, payable to the order of the Company or be cashlessly exercised in accordance with Exhibit 1; and
6. (e)  be  accompanied by payment of any amount that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to comply with any federal, state or local withholding requirements for income and employment tax purposes. If the Optionee fails to make such payment in a timely manner, the Company may: (i) decline to permit exercise of the Incentive Options or (ii) withhold and set-off against compensation and any other amounts payable to the Optionee the amount of such required payment. Such withholding may be in the shares underlying the Incentive Options at the sole discretion of the Company.

3

- (f) The certificate or certificates for shares of common stock as to which the Incentive Options shall be exercised shall be registered in the name of the person or persons exercising the Incentive Options.
- 9.Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Incentive Options granted hereunder shall have the anti-dilution rights set forth in the Plan.
10. Necessity to Become Holder of Record. Neither the Optionee, the Optionee's estate, nor any Transferee shall have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any of the shares underlying the Incentive Options until such person shall have become the holder of record of such shares. No cash dividends or cash distributions, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be provided to the holder if the record date is prior to the date on which such person became the holder of record thereof.
11. Reservation of Right to Terminate Relationship. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall restrict the right of the Company to terminate the relationship of the Optionee at any time, with or without cause. The termination of the relationship of the Optionee by the Company, regardless of the reason therefor, shall have the results provided for in this Agreement.
12. Conditions to Exercise of Incentive Options. In order to enable the Company to  comply with the Securities Act of 1933 (the 'Securities Act') and relevant state  law,  the  Company may require the Optionee, the Optionee's estate, or any Transferee as a condition of the exercising of the Incentive Options, to give written assurance satisfactory to the Company that the shares underlying the Incentive Options are being acquired for such persons own account, for investment only, with no view to the distribution of same, and that any subsequent resale of any such shares either shall be made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act and applicable state law which has become effective and is current with regard to the shares being sold, or shall be pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state law.

The Incentive Options are subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Board shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, or qualification of the  shares  of  common  stock  underlying  the  Incentive  Options  upon  any  securities  exchange  or  under  any  state  or  federal  law,  or  the  consent  or  approval  of  any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with the issue or purchase of the shares underlying the Incentive Options, the Incentive Options may not be exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected.

- 13.Transfer. No transfer of the Incentive Options by the Optionee by will or by the laws of descent and distribution shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Company shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and a copy of the letters testamentary or such other evidence as the Board may deem necessary to establish the authority of the estate and the acceptance by the Transferee or Transferees of the terms and conditions of the Incentive Options.

4

14. Duties of the Company. The Company will at all times during the term of the Incentive Options:
2. (a)  Reserve  and  keep  available  for  issue  such  number  of  shares  of  its  authorized  and  unissued  common  stock  as  will  be  sufficient  to  satisfy  the requirements of this Agreement;
3. (b) Pay all original issue taxes with respect to the issuance of shares pursuant hereto and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith;
4. (c) Use its best efforts to comply with all laws and regulations which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, shall be applicable thereto.
15. Parties Bound by Plan. The Plan and each determination, interpretation or other action made or taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes on the Company and the Optionee and the Optionee's respective successors in interest.
16. Severability. In the event any parts of this Agreement are found to be void, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding with the same effect as though the void parts were deleted.
17. Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their legal representatives, successors and assigns.
18. Notices and Addresses. All notices, offers, acceptance and any other acts under this Agreement (except payment) shall be in writing, and shall be sufficiently given if delivered to the addressees in person, or by FedEx or similar receipted delivery, as follows (or to such other address as either of them, by notice to the other may designate from time to time):

The Optionee:

To Optionee at the address on the signature page of this Agreement

The Company:

Recruiter.com Group, Inc. 500 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10018 Attention: Chief Executive Officer Email: evan@recruiter.com

With a copy to (which will not constitute notice):

Lucosky Brookman LLP 101 Wood Avenue South Woodbridge, NJ 08830

Attention: Joseph Lucosky, Esq. Email: jlucosky@lucbro.com

5

19. Attorney's Fees. In the event that there is any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or to the interpretation, breach or enforcement thereof, and any action or proceeding is commenced to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to a reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and expenses.
20. Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute, disagreement, or issue of construction or interpretation arising hereunder whether relating  to  its  execution,  its  validity,  the  obligations  provided  herein  or  performance  shall  be  governed  or  interpreted  according  to  the  laws  of  the  State  of  Delaware without regard to choice of law considerations. Any action, suit or proceeding relating to this Option shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in New York County, New York , and, for all purposes of any such action, suit or proceeding, each of the parties hereby irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) waives any objection to such choice of venue based on forum non conveniens or any other legal or equitable doctrine, and (iii) waives trial by jury and, in the case of the Company, the right to interpose any set-off or counterclaim, of any nature or description whatsoever, in any such action, suit or proceeding.
21. Oral Evidence. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, except by a statement in writing signed by the party or parties against whom enforcement or the change, waiver discharge or termination is sought.
22. Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more  counterparts,  each  of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original  but  all  of  which  together  shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile signature.
23. Section or Paragraph Headings. Section headings herein have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect, in any matter, or be deemed to interpret in whole or in part any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.
24. Stop-Transfer Orders.
7. (a)  The  Optionee  agrees  that,  in  order  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  restrictions  set  forth  in  the  Plan  and  this  Agreement,  the  Company  may  issue appropriate 'stop transfer' instructions to its duly authorized transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records.
8. (b)  The  Company  shall  not  be  required  (i)  to  transfer  on  its  books  any  shares  of  the  Company's  common  stock  that  have  been  sold  or  otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of the Plan or the Agreement or (ii) to treat the owner of such shares of common stock or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser  or other Transferee to whom such shares of common stock shall have been so transferred.

## [Signature Page to Follow]

6

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have set their hand and seals the day and year first above written.

RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC.

By: Evan Sohn

Chief Executive Officer

OPTIONEE:

[NAME OF OPTIONEE]

7

## NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:

Please  be  advised  that  I  hereby  elect  to  exercise  my  option  to  purchase  shares  of                                            ,  pursuant  to  the  Incentive  Stock  Option  Agreement dated                                     .

Number of Shares to Be Purchased:

Multiplied by: Purchase Price Per Share $

Total Purchase Price $

Please check the payment method below:

Enclosed is a check for the total purchase price above.

Wire transfer sent on                                    , 20                Cashless exercise pursuant to Exhibit 1.

Please contact me as soon as possible to discuss the possible payment of withholding taxes and any other documents we may require.

Name of Option Holder (Please Print):

Address of Option Holder

Telephone Number of Option Holder:

Social Security Number of Option Holder:

8

If the certificate is to be issued to person other than the Option Holder, please provide the following for such person:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Name)

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Address)

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Telephone Number)

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

(Social Security Number)

In connection with the issuance of the Common Stock, if  the Common Stock may not be immediately publicly sold ,  I  hereby represent to the Company that I am acquiring the Common Stock for my own account for investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, a distribution of the shares within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 (the 'Securities Act').

I am\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_am not\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_[ please initial one ] an accredited investor for at least one of the reasons on the attached Exhibit A. If the SEC has amended the rule defining the definition of accredited investor, I acknowledge that as a condition to exercise the Incentive Options, the Company may request updated information regarding the Holder's status as an accredited investor. My exercise of the Incentive Options shall be in compliance with the applicable exemptions under the Securities Act and applicable state law.

Dated:

Signature of Option Holder

9

Address of the Optionee:

## For Individual Investors Only:

1.  A  person  who  has  an  individual  net  worth,  or  a  person  who  with  his  or  her  spouse  has  a  combined  net  worth,  in  excess  of  $1,000,000.  For  purposes  of calculating net worth under this paragraph (1), (i) the primary residence shall not be included as an asset, (ii) to the extent that the indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence is in excess of the fair market value of the primary residence, the excess amount shall be included as a liability, and (iii) if the amount of outstanding indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days prior to exercising the stock options, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability.

2a. A person who had individual income (exclusive of any income attributable to the person's spouse) of more than who has $200,000 in each of the two most recently completed years and who reasonably expects to have an individual income in excess of $200,000 this year.

2b. Alternatively, a person, who with his or her spouse, has joint income in excess of $300,000 in each applicable year.

3. A director or executive officer of the Company.

## Other Investors:

4. Any bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 ('Securities Act') whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act; investment company registered  under  the  Investment  Company  Act  of  1940  or  a  business  development  company  as  defined  in  Section  2(a)(48)  of  that  Act;  Small  Business  Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, or if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors.

5. A private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940.

6. An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000.

7.  A  trust,  with  total  assets  in  excess  of  $5,000,000,  not  formed  for  the  specific  purpose  of  acquiring  the  securities  offered,  whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act.

8. An entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors.

## Exhibit A

## To Notice of Exercise of Incentive Stock Option Agreement

10

## Exhibit 1

Cashless Exercise. The Optionee may exercise the Incentive Options by surrendering such number of shares of Common Stock received upon exercise of the Incentive Options with an aggregate Fair Market Value (as defined below) equal to the number of Options to be exercised times the exercise price, as described in the following paragraph (a 'Cashless Exercise').

If the Optionee elects to conduct a Cashless Exercise, the Company shall cause to be delivered to the Optionee a certificate or certificates representing the number of shares of Common Stock computed using the following formula:

X = Y(A-B) A

## Where:

X = the number of shares of Common Stock to be issued to the Optionee;

Y = the portion of the Incentive Options (in number of shares of Common Stock) being exercised by the Optionee (at the date of such calculation);

A = the Fair Market Value (as defined below) of one share of Common Stock; and

B = the exercise price (as adjusted to the date of such calculation).

For purposes of the Incentive Options, Fair Market Value shall mean: (i) if the principal trading market for such securities is a national securities exchange, OTCQX or the OTCQB (or a similar system then in use), the average of the last five reported sales prices on the principal market the last five trading days immediately prior to such expiration date; or (ii) if (i) is not applicable, and if bid and ask prices for shares of Common Stock are reported by the principal trading market, the average of the high bid and low asked prices so reported for the trading day immediately prior to such expiration date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if there is no last reported sales price or bid and ask prices, as the case may be, for the day in question, then Fair Market Value shall be determined as of the latest day prior to such day for which such last reported sales price or bid and asked prices, as the case may be, are available, unless such securities have not been traded on an exchange or in the over-the-counter market for 30 or more days immediately prior to the day in question, in which case the Fair Market Value shall be determined in good faith by and reflected in a formal resolution of the board of directors of the Company.

## NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

THIS STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT (the 'Agreement') is entered into as of\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, between Recruiter.com Group, Inc. (the 'Company') and\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the 'Optionee').

WHEREAS, by action taken by the Board of Directors (the 'Board') the Company has authorized the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (the 'Plan'), which authorization was approved by the Company's stockholders on August 18, 2021; and

WHEREAS, pursuant to the Plan, it has been determined that in order to enhance the ability of the Company to attract and retain qualified employees, consultants and directors, the Company has granted the Optionee the right to purchase the common stock of the Company pursuant to stock options.

NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants  and  promises  hereafter  set  forth  and  for  other  good  and  valuable  consideration,  receipt  of  which  is acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. Grant of Non-Qualified Stock Options. On\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ (the 'Grant Date'), the Company irrevocably granted to the Optionee not in lieu of salary or other compensation for services, the right and option to purchase all or any part of\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ shares of authorized but unissued or treasury common stock of the Company (the 'Options') on the terms and conditions herein set forth. This Agreement replaces any stock option agreement or offer letter previously provided to the Optionee, if any, with respect to these Options. The Optionee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, as amended.

2. Price. The exercise price of the Options is\_\_\_\_\_ per share.

3. Vesting-When Exercisable.

(a) Subject to Section 3(c) of this Agreement, vested Options may be exercised until 6:00 p.m. New York time for five years from the Grant Date (the 'Expiration Date').

(b) The Options shall vest in based on the following schedule: [VESTING SCHEDULES - QUARTERLY OVER A ONE, TWO, OR FOUR YEAR PERIOD(S)  OR  OTHER  SCHEDULES  WHICH  MAY  INCLUDE  A  CLIFF  AS  PART  OF  THE  SCHEDULE],  subject  to  the  Optionee's  continued  service  as  an employee to the Company as of each vesting date. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Agreement, the Options shall vest immediately on the occurrence of a Change of Control as defined under the Plan (a 'Triggering Event'); provided, however, that there shall be no immediate vesting under clause (ii) of the definition of Change of Control if the directors serving just prior to the Triggering Event remain the majority of the Board after the Triggering Event. Additionally, all Options shall vest immediately (subject to the preceding sentence) on the date the Company publicly announces, by press release, by disclosure in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission or otherwise (the 'Public Announcement'), its intention to sell substantially all of the Company's assets or to enter into a merger or consolidation as  described  under  the  definition  of  Change  of  Control  in  the  Plan.  If  the  Optionee  exercises  the  Options  within  10  calendar  days  from  the  date  of  the  Public Announcement, the Optionee shall be deemed a record holder of the shares underlying the Options as of the record date of the Change of Control.

- (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, upon resolution of the Board or the Compensation Committee (as defined in the Plan), the Options, whether vested or unvested, shall be immediately forfeited and no longer exercisable if any of the events specified in Section 24 of the Plan occur.

4. Termination of Relationship.

- (a) If for any reason the Optionee ceases to perform services for the Company, all rights granted hereunder shall terminate effective one year from that date.

- (b) If the Optionee ceases to provide services for the Company as a result of his death, the Optionee's estate or any Transferee, as defined herein, shall have the right within one year from the date of the Optionee's death to exercise the Optionee's the Options subject to Section 3(c). For the purpose of this Agreement, 'Transferee' shall mean a person to whom such shares are transferred by will or by the laws of descent and distribution.

2

- (c) If the Optionee ceases to provide services as a result of becoming disabled within the meaning of Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, all rights granted hereunder shall terminate effective one year from that date.

- (d) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 4, the Options may not be exercised after the Expiration Date.

- (e) Any of the Options that were not vested immediately prior to termination of services shall terminate at that time.

For purposes of this Agreement 'Company' shall include subsidiaries and/or affiliates of the Company.

5. Forfeiture and Clawback. The Options granted hereunder shall all be subject to forfeiture and clawback provisions provided for under Sections 24 of the Plan.

6. Profits on the Sale of Certain Shares; Redemption. If any of the events specified in Section 24 of the Plan occur within one year from the last date the Optionee performs services for the Company (the 'Termination Date'), all profits earned from the sale of the Company's securities, including the sale of shares of common stock underlying the Options, during the two-year period commencing one year prior to the Termination Date shall be forfeited and forthwith paid by the Optionee to the Company. Further, in such event, the Company may at its option redeem shares of common stock acquired upon exercise of the Options by payment of the exercise price to the Optionee. The Company's rights under this Section 6 do not lapse one year from the Termination Date but are a contract right subject to any appropriate statutory limitation period.

7. Method of Exercise. The Options shall be exercisable by a written notice which shall:

(a) state the election to exercise the Options, the number of shares to be acquired upon exercise of the Options, the person in whose name the stock certificate or certificates for such shares of common stock is to be registered, address and social security number of such person (or if more than one, the names, addresses and social security numbers of such persons);

- (b) if applicable, contain such representations and agreements as to the holder's investment intent with respect to such shares of common stock as set forth in Section 11 hereof;
- (c) be signed by the person or persons entitled to exercise the Options and, if the Options are being exercised by any person or persons other than the Optionee, be accompanied by proof, satisfactory to counsel for the Company, of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Options;

(d) be accompanied by full payment of the exercise price by tender to the Company of an amount equal to the exercise price multiplied by the number of underlying shares being purchased either in cash, by wire transfer, or by certified check or bank cashier's check, payable to the order of the Company; and

(e)  be  accompanied by payment of any amount that the Company, in its sole discretion, deems necessary to comply with any federal, state or local withholding requirements for income and employment tax purposes. If the Optionee fails to make such payment in a timely manner, the Company may: (i) decline to permit exercise of the Options or (ii) withhold and set- off against compensation and any other amounts payable to the Optionee the amount of such required payment. Such withholding may be in the shares underlying the Options at the sole discretion of the Company.

(f) The certificate or certificates for shares of common stock as to which the Options shall be exercised shall be registered in the name of the person or persons exercising the Options.

8. Anti-Dilution Provisions. The Options granted hereunder shall have the anti-dilution rights set forth in the Plan.

4

9. Necessity to Become Holder of Record. Neither the Optionee, the Optionee's estate, nor any Transferee shall have any rights as a shareholder with respect to any of the shares underlying the Options until such person shall have become the holder of record of such shares. No cash dividends or cash distributions, ordinary or extraordinary, shall be provided to the holder if the record date is prior to the date on which such person became the holder of record thereof.
10. Reservation of Right to Terminate Relationship. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall restrict the right of the Company to terminate the relationship of the Optionee at any time, with or without cause. The termination of the relationship of the Optionee by the Company, regardless of the reason therefor, shall have the results provided for in this Agreement.
11. Conditions to Exercise of Options. In order to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Act of 1933 (the 'Securities Act') and relevant state law, the Company may require the Optionee, the Optionee's estate, or any Transferee as a condition of the exercising of the Options, to give written assurance satisfactory to the Company that the shares underlying the Options are being acquired for such persons own account, for investment only, with no view to the distribution of same, and that any subsequent resale of any such shares either shall be made pursuant to a registration statement under the Securities Act and applicable state law which has become effective and is current with regard to the shares being sold, or shall be pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act and applicable state law.

The Options are subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Board shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration, or qualification of the shares of common stock underlying the Options upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental regulatory body, is necessary as a condition of, or in connection with the issue or purchase of the shares underlying the Options, the Options may not be exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected.

5

12. Transfer. No transfer of the Options by the Optionee by will or by the laws of descent and distribution shall be effective to bind the Company unless the Company shall have been furnished with written notice thereof and a copy of the letters testamentary or such other evidence as the Board may deem necessary to establish the authority of the estate and the acceptance by the Transferee or Transferees of the terms and conditions of the Options.
13. Duties of the Company. The Company will at all times during the term of the Options:

(a)  Reserve  and  keep  available  for  issue  such  number  of  shares  of  its  authorized  and  unissued  common  stock  as  will  be  sufficient  to  satisfy  the requirements of this Agreement;

- (b) Pay all original issue taxes with respect to the issuance of shares pursuant hereto and all other fees and expenses necessarily incurred by the Company in connection therewith;

(c) Use its best efforts to comply with all laws and regulations which, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, shall be applicable thereto.

14. Parties Bound by Plan. The Plan and each determination, interpretation or other action made or taken pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be final and shall be binding and conclusive for all purposes on the Company and the Optionee and the Optionee's respective successors in interest.
15. Severability. In the event any parts of this Agreement are found to be void, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless be binding with the same effect as though the void parts were deleted.
16. Benefit. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their legal representatives, successors and assigns.

designate from time to time):

The Optionee:

To Optionee at the address on the signature page of this Agreement

The Company:

Recruiter.com Group, Inc. 500 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10018 Attention: Chief Executive Officer Email: evan@recruiter.com

With a copy to (which will not constitute notice):

Lucosky Brookman LLP 101 Wood Avenue South Woodbridge, NJ 08830

Attention: Joseph Lucosky, Esq.

Email:

7

18. Attorney's Fees. In the event that there is any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or to the interpretation, breach or enforcement thereof, and any action or proceeding is commenced to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to a reasonable attorneys' fees, costs and expenses.

19. Governing Law; Exclusive Jurisdiction. This Agreement and any dispute, disagreement, or issue of construction or interpretation arising hereunder whether relating to its execution, its validity, the obligations provided herein or performance shall be governed or interpreted according to the laws of the State of Nevada without regard to choice of law considerations. Any action, suit or proceeding relating to this Option shall be brought exclusively in the courts located in New York County, New York , and, for all purposes of any such action, suit or proceeding, each of the parties hereby irrevocably (i) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, (ii) waives any objection to such choice of venue based on f orum non conveniens or any other legal or equitable doctrine, and (iii) waives trial by jury and, in the case of the Company, the right to interpose any set-off or counterclaim, of any nature or description whatsoever, in any such action, suit or proceeding.

20. Oral Evidence. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. Neither this Agreement nor any provision hereof may be changed, waived, discharged or terminated orally, except by a statement in writing signed by the party or parties against whom enforcement or the change, waiver discharge or termination is sought.

21. Counterparts.  This  Agreement  may  be  executed  in  one  or  more  counterparts,  each  of  which  shall  be  deemed  an  original  but  all  of  which  together  shall constitute one and the same instrument. The execution of this Agreement may be by actual or facsimile signature.

22. Section or Paragraph Headings. Section headings herein have been inserted for reference only and shall not be deemed to limit or otherwise affect, in any matter, or be deemed to interpret in whole or in part any of the terms or provisions of this Agreement.

8

## 23. Stop-Transfer Orders.

(a)  The  Optionee  agrees  that,  in  order  to  ensure  compliance  with  the  restrictions  set  forth  in  the  Plan  and  this  Agreement,  the  Company  may  issue appropriate 'stop transfer' instructions to its duly authorized transfer agent, if any, and that, if the Company transfers its own securities, it may make appropriate notations to the same effect in its own records.

(b)  The  Company  shall  not  be  required  (i)  to  transfer  on  its  books  any  shares  of  the  Company's  common  stock  that  have  been  sold  or  otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of the Plan or the Agreement or (ii) to treat the owner of such shares of common stock or to accord the right to vote or pay dividends to any purchaser or other Transferee to whom such shares of common stock shall have been so transferred.

9

[Signature Page to Follow]

10

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties hereto have set their hand and seals the day and year first above written.

RECRUITER.COM GROUP, INC.

Date

By:

Evan Sohn Chief Executive Officer

## OPTIONEE:

Address of the Optionee:

11

## NOTICE OF EXERCISE

To:

Please  be  advised  that  I  hereby  elect  to  exercise  my  option  to  purchase  shares  of\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_,  pursuant  to  the  Stock  Option  Agreement dated\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_.

Number of Shares to Be Purchased:

Multiplied by: Purchase Price Per Share

$

Total Purchase Price $

Please check the payment method below:

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Enclosed is a check for the total purchase price above.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Wire transfer sent on\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_, 20\_\_.

Please contact me as soon as possible to discuss the possible payment of withholding taxes and any other documents we may require.

Name of Option Holder (Please Print):

Address of Option Holder

Telephone Number of Option Holder:

Social Security Number of Option Holder:

12

If the certificate is to be issued to person other than the Option Holder, please provide the following for such person:

(Name)

(Address)

(Telephone Number)

(Social Security Number)

In connection with the issuance of the Common Stock, if  the Common Stock may not be immediately publicly sold ,  I  hereby represent to the Company that I am acquiring the Common Stock for my own account for investment and not with a view to, or for resale in connection with, a distribution of the shares within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933 (the 'Securities Act').

I am\_\_\_\_\_\_ am not\_\_\_\_\_\_ [ please initial one ] an accredited investor for at least one of the reasons on the attached Exhibit A. If the SEC has amended the rule defining the definition of accredited investor, I acknowledge that as a condition to exercise the Options, the Company may request updated information regarding the Holder's status as an accredited investor. My exercise of the Options shall be in compliance with the applicable exemptions under the Securities Act and applicable state law.

Dated:

Signature of Option Holder

13

## Exhibit A To Notice of Exercise of Stock Option Agreement

For Individual Investors Only:

1.  A  person  who  has  an  individual  net  worth,  or  a  person  who  with  his  or  her  spouse  has  a  combined  net  worth,  in  excess  of  $1,000,000.  For  purposes  of calculating net worth under this paragraph (1), (i) the primary residence shall not be included as an asset, (ii) to the extent that the indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence is in excess of the fair market value of the primary residence, the excess amount shall be included as a liability, and (iii) if the amount of outstanding indebtedness that is secured by the primary residence exceeds the amount outstanding 60 days prior to exercising the stock options, other than as a result of the acquisition of the primary residence, the amount of such excess shall be included as a liability.

2a. A person who had individual income (exclusive of any income attributable to the person's spouse) of more than who has $200,000 in each of the two most recently completed years and who reasonably expects to have an individual income in excess of $200,000 this year.

2b. Alternatively, a person, who with his or her spouse, has joint income in excess of $300,000 in each applicable year.

3. A director or executive officer of the Company.

Other Investors:

4. Any bank as defined in Section 3(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933 ('Securities Act') whether acting in its individual or fiduciary capacity; any broker or dealer registered pursuant to section 15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; insurance company as defined in Section 2(13) of the Securities Act; investment company registered  under  the  Investment  Company  Act  of  1940  or  a  business  development  company  as  defined  in  Section  2(a)(48)  of  that  Act;  Small  Business  Investment Company licensed by the U.S. Small Business Administration under Section 301(c) or (d) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958; any plan established and maintained by a state, its political subdivisions, or any agency or instrumentality of a state or its political subdivisions, for the benefit of its employees, if such plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000; employee benefit plan within the meaning of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, if the investment decision is made by a plan fiduciary, as defined in Section 3(21) of such Act, which is either a bank, savings and loan association, insurance company, or registered investment advisor, or if the employee benefit plan has total assets in excess of $5,000,000, or if a self-directed plan, with investment decisions made solely by persons that are accredited investors.

5. A private business development company as defined in Section 202(a)(22) of the Investment Advisors Act of 1940.

6. An organization described in Section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code, corporation, Massachusetts or similar business trust or partnership, not formed for the specific purpose of acquiring the securities offered, with total assets in excess of $5,000,000.

7.  A  trust,  with  total  assets  in  excess  of  $5,000,000,  not  formed  for  the  specific  purpose  of  acquiring  the  securities  offered,  whose purchase is directed by a sophisticated person as described in Rule 506(b)(2)(ii) of the Securities Act.

8. An entity in which all of the equity owners are accredited investors.

## Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on December 17, 2021, (File No. 333-261734), of our report dated March 31, 2022 on the consolidated financial statements of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. as of and for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, which report is included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021.

/s/ Salberg &amp; Company, P.A.

SALBERG &amp; COMPANY, P.A. Boca Raton, Florida March 31, 2022

## I, Evan Sohn, certify that:

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Recruiter.com Group, Inc.;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2022

/s/ Evan Sohn Evan Sohn

Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer

## Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

I, Judy Krandel, certify that:

I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Recruiter.com Group, Inc.;

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

Date: March 31, 2022

/s/ Judy Krandel Judy Krandel Chief Financial Officer, principal financial and accounting officer

## Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification

## Section 1350 Certification

In connection with the Annual Report of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'Report'), I, Evan Sohn, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as adopted pursuant to SS. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1.The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and

2.The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 31, 2022

/s/ Evan Sohn

Evan Sohn

Chief Executive Officer, principal executive officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

## Section 1350 Certification

In connection with the Annual Report of Recruiter.com Group, Inc. (the 'Company') on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 'Report'), I, Judy Krandel, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350, as adopted pursuant to SS. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that:

1.The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and

2.The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial conditions and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 31, 2022

/s/ Judy Krandel

Judy Krandel

Chief Financial Officer, principal financial and accounting officer

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.