## ANNUAL REPORT 2022

<!-- image -->

## Moments of Joy

<!-- image -->

| ## ABOUT REGIS  2 4 6 8 10 12 16 18 24 26 28 30 38 41 42 58 71 119 120 122  SNAPSHOT 2022 AS AT 30 JUNE 2022  CHAIRMAN'S REPORT  MANAGING DIRECTOR &amp; CEO'S REPORT  OUR STRATEGY  OUR STRATEGY REGIS CULTURE OF CARE OUR STRATEGY POSITIVE PEOPLE AND PRACTICE OUR STRATEGY ENSURING OUR FUTURE EXCELLENCE IN CLINICAL GOVERNANCE ONGOING MANAGEMENT OF COVID-19 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM CORPORATE INFORMATION DIRECTORS' REPORT REMUNERATION REPORT FINANCIAL REPORT SHAREHOLER INFORMATION GLOSSARY OF TERMS  SERVICE LOCATIONS   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ABOUT REGIS

For nearly 30 years, Regis has provided high-quality aged care and services for older Australians. We are proud of the care and support we provide to more than 7,000 people Australia-wide.

Every day we strive to help our residents and clients live well and realise their wellbeing goals. We support those goals with residential care, retirement living, home care, respite care and day therapy programs delivered by our 8,650-strong workforce.

Despite a challenging year for residents, clients and their families, we have delivered care with compassion, resilience and a focus on safety.

## Residential Aged Care

Regis Residential Aged Care services support our residents to live the life they choose. We offer a range of support for people with various care needs across our network of 64 aged care Homes Australia-wide:

- Ageing-in-place
- Short stays and respite care
- Specialist dementia care
- Palliative care.

We offer different levels of personal service and comfort with Club, Reserve and Classic to choose from at select Homes.

## Retirement Living

Regis Retirement Living is an Australiawide network of owned and operated specialist retirement and independent living villages. The living villages enable residents to live life independently in a friendly, secure and supportive environment. Our communities empower residents to stay active and healthy.

## Home Care

Regis Home Care helps clients enjoy the best possible quality of life in their own homes. Our extensive services offered in eight locations across Australia include the provision of personal, nursing and allied health care; meal preparation; social support and companionship; and respite and group therapy.

<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT 2022 ABOUT REGIS | 3

## SNAPSHOT 2022 AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

8,650+ EMPLOYEES

640+

VOLUNTEERS

7,000+ AGED CARE AND RETIREMENT LIVING RESIDENTS

64 AGED CARE HOMES

9

DAY THERAPY AND DAY RESPITE CENTRES

10

REGIS RETIREMENT VILLAGES

20

CLUB SERVICES HOMES

6

HOME CARE SERVICE HUBS

45,000+ COVID-19 VACCINE DOSES DELIVERED TO RESIDENTS AND EMPLOYEES

## CHAIRMAN'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

## I want to thank all Regis staff for their on-going dedication and care for our residents and clients, and their families over FY 2022.

Our Board acknowledges the enormous strain that the pandemic, now in its third year, has and continues to place on our clinical and care workforce in particular, but also our support and leadership teams. Working every day under the threat of further outbreaks, constrained by on-going requirements to work in PPE and challenged by workforce shortages across the whole health sector, our staff have delivered empathetic and quality care to our consumers, and we thank them sincerely for their professionalism.

FY 2022 has been a year of significant change for the Aged Care sector, as Government implements the most comprehensive reform program since the Living Longer, Living Better reforms a decade ago. Key aspects of this program have been announced but are yet to be delivered. The sector still awaits details of the impact these reforms will eventually have on the quality of care delivered. The transparency of sector governance and the willingness of Government (and the community) to fund an aged care sector that can sustainably deliver the standard of care we should all want for older Australians.

Regis fully supports the objectives of lifting the quality of care across the sector, increased workforce minutes and the transparency and accountability of provider performance. But the objectives set by Government have not yet been matched by a willingness to fund these critical improvements. With large sections of the residential sector already struggling financially, the disconnect between the additional requirements already being asked of the sector and its workforce, and the funding needed to deliver a higher level of care requirements becomes more apparent. Fixing this fundamental challenge of a shortage of staff, increased care minutes and the sustainability of sector funding is a key focus for both the new Government and aged care providers in the year ahead.

Despite the challenges faced in FY 2022, Regis invested $48.6m in capital expenditure during the year to strengthen our operating business and invest in future growth.

The business has removed multi-bed rooms across a number of homes to improve the quality of our portfolio consistent with current resident expectations, and further reviews will be part of our work program in the year ahead. Management has upgraded our WIFI services across our homes and refreshed our additional services and menu offerings to residents. We upgraded our ERP platform and we are completing improvements to our core care management system. We will also be introducing a new electronic medication management system. These platform upgrades will improve data accuracy, reduce errors and manual data input and reporting for clinical and care staff, creating more time for resident care.

During the financial year, Regis acquired vacant land in Belrose, NSW and took out an option over a new greenfield site in Carlingford, NSW. Both sites are earmarked for residential aged care development. Regis has also commenced the development of a new residential aged care home in Camberwell, Victoria.

Regis reported a large Net Loss after Tax of $38.8m in FY 2022, but this outcome was largely the result of two important factors; a net after tax write-down of $42.7m following the Australian Government's decision in September 2021 to deregulate operational places from 1 July 2024 (a non-cash item) and; $27.8m in COVID expenses in the year which, as at 30 June 2022, only $3.2m had been refunded by the Government.

Excluding a number of one-off / non-recurring items, Underlying EBITDA was $78.1m, up 8% on like terms from FY 2021. Net operating cashflow was $114.8m, assisted by a strong increase of $83.9m in net RAD cash inflows.

Despite on-going COVID out-breaks, resident occupancy was stable across the year and net debt was reduced by 28% to $102.9m. Regis' balance sheet remains strong, and the business has substantial access to undrawn funding lines to support future growth. Reflecting this position, the Board approved a FY 2022 final dividend of 2.32 cents per ordinary share making full-year dividends of 5.84 cents per ordinary share.

Following the Annual General Meeting last October, the Board reviewed the company's executive remuneration framework. The Remuneration Report in the Annual Report outlines changes to the short-term and long-term incentive arrangements for key executives. We believe the new arrangements achieve the right balance to support shareholder interests and encourage retention of key executives in today's very competitive employment market.

This past year saw a change in Regis' Board composition, with two Directors stepping down and the appointment in January 2022 of Sally Freeman, who will stand for election at this year's AGM. Sally is an experienced Director and has been Chair of Regis' Audit and Risk Committee since her appointment. During the year, Regis also established a Property Committee of the Board, chaired by Ian Roberts. This Committee's focus is on the rejuvenation of our existing portfolio of aged care homes and the development of new homes. As resident needs and expectations continue to change, and as we head towards a deregulated market for operational places and its flow-on impact on expected investment returns, this Committee will play an important role in shaping our aged care strategies.

In closing, I am pleased to report that despite all the challenges your company has faced in FY 2022, I believe we are in a strong position heading into FY 2023. We have a very capable CEO and executive team, have strengthened our operational capabilities and investment in our employees, and we continue to put resident, client and family care and safety at the forefront of what we do.

I would like to thank my fellow Directors and all Regis Executives and employees for their contribution throughout the year.

Finally, I want to thank our shareholders for their continued support.

<!-- image -->

Graham Hodges Chairman

## MANAGING DIRECTOR &amp; CEO'S REPORT

<!-- image -->

## Regis' team of more than 8,650 people has delivered care and services to more than 7,000 residents and clients over the past year.

I am immensely proud of our team and their continued focus on care and service while many were personally impacted by another year of the COVID-19 pandemic, with new variants, and extensive floods in Queensland and New South Wales.

At a Company level, the business was also impacted by the ongoing pandemic, floods, border closures, workforce shortages, escalating costs and insufficient clarity regarding key elements of the reform agenda, including AN-ACC funding and care minutes. The Company received shadow assessments for most residents late in the financial year and continues to review Government communications regarding care minute inclusions, as well as monitoring the labour market. A key reform milestone effective 1 July 2023 will be the Independent Hospital and Aged Care Pricing Authority reviewing costing data and setting a price for high quality aged care, as per the recommendation from the Royal Commission.

Progress on the Government's reform agenda has been mixed and was interrupted by the Federal Election and caretaker conventions. Like many providers, Regis continues to be concerned about the adequacy of AN-ACC funding to cover the increased care minutes, as well as proper funding levels for increased labour and other costs, including compliance and reporting.

Regis is now a member of the newly formed Aged and Community Care Provider Association (ACCPA). Achievement of a single representative body for the aged care sector was a recommendation of the Royal Commission and a long-awaited milestone for the sector. ACCPA brings together all providers, and will advocate for the essential reforms to ensure older Australians are cared for and served in accordance with community values, recommendations from the Royal Commission and by providers who have financial and regulatory certainty.

The year has again been challenging from an operating and financial perspective. Most of the meaningful sector reforms to funding, quality and safety, regulation and pricing are still to come. In the meantime, expectations of provider delivery have increased without an increase in funding and in the context of serious labour constraints. This is now close to a decade where indexation to Government funding has been materially inadequate to cover the increases in staffing costs.

The Company continues to review the progress of the pandemic and take necessary steps to protect the health, wellbeing and safety of our residents, clients, employees and visitors. I would like to again highlight the support of our residents, families and employees as we have navigated the challenges of the pandemic, updated our operating procedures, provided opportunity for vaccination and promoted availability of the new anti-viral treatments to aged care residents.

Our financial results for the year have been adversely impacted by ongoing inadequate funding and indexation, the COVID-19 pandemic, delays in COVID-19 outbreak grants by Government, floods, the timetable to redundancy of bed licences and lack of certainty with respect to the Government's reform agenda. Key financial results included an increase in underlying EBITDA to $78.1 million and a net loss after tax of $38.8 million as a result of the amortisation of bed licences. Given the extreme external factors, we maintained occupancy, exceeded our net RAD cashflow target and substantially reduced our debt, noting our debt levels have been impacted by the delay in the Government assessment of COVID-19 outbreak grants.

The overall results are again well below what we would expect to deliver in a properly funded environment. The Company notes that most providers in the sector are now delivering operating losses.

On a positive note, the Company achieved the majority of the initiatives contained in the first year of our Strategic Plan, with key highlights covered on pages 12 - 23, as well as continuing to stabilise the business, harness efficiencies and prepare for much needed sector reforms.

The pause on residential aged care property development and acquisitions continued through part of the year pending more certainty regarding the return on investment providers and investors can expect. The Company was pleased to purchase land at Belrose, New South Wales, and place an offer on land at Carlingford, New South Wales, in preparation for better times ahead.

Regis' ambition to expand our home care services was placed on hold as a result of the Government's In Home Support plans. The Company was pleased that the new Minister for Aged Care, the Hon Anika Wells MP, has paused implementation of this program pending further review and discussion with key stakeholders. The Company notes that a number of existing providers exited the market on the basis that the In Home Support program would be implemented with a model that was not financially viable.

The Company is proud of its continuous improvement and learning philosophies driven from the Board and Executive through to our frontline teams. This is critical to a high performing and valued workforce and Regis continues to promote the virtues of these frameworks to the Government and regulatory bodies. Our teams delivered significant improvements across key quality, safety and satisfaction indicators, as well as a number of system and software upgrades, which you will read through this Annual Report. Regis has also progressed a number of important research partnerships, with a focus on translational research that will make a meaningful difference to our residents, clients, employees and business.

Regis has worked extremely hard to form the right team supported by contemporary systems and processes, an ethical framework and a strong balance sheet to deliver our strategic plan and the best of care and services to our consumers. Care and service remain our core business drivers to improved consumer experience, and operational and financial performance.

I have spoken numerous times throughout the year about the need to elevate the status of aged care workers in the general community and to advocate for higher wages for these essential workers. The Company looks forward to the outcome of the work value case before the Fair Work Commission and notes the new Australian Government's assurances that it will fund the recommended increase. Increased wages are an important lever to appropriately recognise the value of the work, stabilise the workforce, reduce turnover and attract workers to the sector.

Once again, I would like to express my gratitude to the entire team at Regis for their work in a difficult environment. I am looking forward to the coming year and hope for a more settled and positive outlook.

Dr Linda Mellors Managing Director &amp; Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

## OUR STRATEGY

Our strategic plan for financial years 2022 to 2024 outlines what is important to Regis. Our strategy is to always deliver excellent and sustainable outcomes for our residents, clients, employees, shareholders and the community.

We do this by:

- delivering high-quality care and services to our residents and clients
- investing in clinical governance systems
- investing in ensuring we have a highly skilled and capable workforce
- investing in new developments to deliver contemporary products and experiences
- investing in systems and technology
- maintaining a geographically diverse portfolio.

## OUR VALUES

- Optimism
- Passion
- Integrity
- Respect

## WHO WE SERVE

Our Residents

Our Clients

Our People

Our Care Partners ers

Our Community

- Our Shareholders

<!-- image -->

## OUR BEHAVIOURS

- We have a relentless customer focus
- We are transparent and accountable
- We are collaborative
- We all own quality and safety · We all
- We continuously improve · We con

## OUR PRIORITIES &amp; GOALS O

<!-- image -->

## THE REGIS CULTURE OF CARE T C

## Our goals: Our goals: O

- We deliver Personal Care ·
- We deliver Safe Care
- We deliver Effective Care
- We deliver Integrated Care

<!-- image -->

## POSITIVE PEOPLE AND PRACTICE P A

## Our goals: Our goals:

- We empower, support and enable our people
- We ensure the right people are in the right roles
- We keep people physically safe and psychologically well
- We provide an inclusive and flexible workplace

<!-- image -->

## ENSURING OUR FUTURE E O

## Our goals: Our goals:

- We transform our living, care, services and work through digital enablers
- We expand and develop our property and service portfolio
- We lead in operational excellence
- We build positive partnerships
- We embrace environmental sustainability

## OUR PURPOSE

Personalised and respectful care that embraces the experience of ageing

<!-- image -->

222}

## OUR STRATEGY REGIS CULTURE OF CARE

## Trial of quality-of-life survey tool to improve resident outcomes

Regis has partnered with Flinders University to trial a validated quality-of-life survey tool to gather wellbeing and consumer experience data. With increases in life expectancy and an expected increase in the number of older adults utilising residential aged care, Regis is committed to improving the quality of long-term care.

The Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety recommended the implementation of routine evaluation and reporting of quality of life, wellbeing and consumer experience data using standard assessments.

While several measures currently exist, the use of a tool developed specifically for assessing quality-of-life in aged care is preferred. The optimal approach is a longitudinal assessment of quality of life measures in which data collection is part of the delivery of person-centred care.

After becoming an affiliate partner for stage three of the research, trial surveys were conducted across eight Regis Homes within three states: The Gap, Lutwyche and Chelmer (Queensland); Marleston (South Australia); Woodlands, Embleton, Nedlands and Como (Western Australia).

Regis is now licensed to use and implement the quality-of-life survey, which allows us to become leaders in capturing and reporting quality-of-life data across our Homes. Given that quality-of-life indicators are likely to be a future inclusion in the aged care mandatory quality indicator program, we are currently exploring how to embed the tool into business as usual.

## Improving the Regis catering model

## Moulded food production and presentation rolling out to all Regis Homes

As with many areas of the aged care sector, consumer expectation has shifted over recent years in regards to nutrition, which includes the presentation of food for those residents who require a smooth puree diet.

Research indicates that improved texture-modified meal presentation can lead to an increase in oral intake, decrease in plate waste, improved consumer satisfaction and even increased weight. When modifying food texture, Bartl and Bunney's Best Practice Food and Nutrition Manual for Aged Care (2015) recommends that the taste, food value, calories and eye appeal are not compromised; that the food looks like food; and that meals are enjoyable. The appearance of smooth puree meals should not be limited to 'scoops', and varied plating methods are encouraged. Food moulds are considered a better option due to the realistic food appearance achieved.

<!-- image -->

Regis was one of the first aged care providers to introduce moulded food as a standard offering to Regis Club Homes. Our philosophy was to present smooth pureed meals in their original form with the use of moulds to create a more visually appealing and appetising meal for the resident.

We are currently rolling out moulded food production and presentation to the remaining 44 Regis Homes. To support this transition, each Home required significant investment for a blast chiller, food moulds, storage containers for coldroom storage, and in some cases, the purchase of freezers.

The transition from scoops to moulded food supports our efforts to provide residents with the best care possible, and will help Regis remain a preferred aged care provider in an increasingly competitive market.

## Boosting the dairy intake of residents

We're constantly looking to boost the dairy intake of residents to reduce fractures and support improved health outcomes.

As is the case with all our menus, the Autumn/Winter menu was created in consultation with a dietitian with the aim of increasing the dairy serves received by residents. Highlights of the new menu, introduced in April 2022, include:

- fresh fruit desserts always offering the option of adding yoghurt and ice cream
- morning and afternoon teas are mainly dairy-based; and residents can request a glass of milk for morning or afternoon tea
- the Lifestyle team will periodically offer milkshakes and ice cream to residents for afternoon tea.

## Development of RISC Net feedback management system

In April 2022, Regis implemented RiscNet, an electronic incident reporting system that captures resident, client and employee incidents. Available on every desktop within the organisation and accessible via mobile phone, this allows employees to report, review and analyse incidents in a fast and meaningful way. The system has automatic flags, so that if an employee has an incident, the system will automatically email the employee's manager and the Work Health and Safety Team.

WHENEVER YOU SEE THE CONSUMER REVIEWED LOGO, YOU KNOW THAT FEEDBACK FROM CONSUMERS HAS BEEN INSTRUMENTAL IN DEVELOPING THAT INITIATIVE

This ensures that everyone is aware of what occurred and can provide wrap around support for the employee as quickly as possible.

Where the system has made the greatest impact is in relation to resident and client care. The electronic system has reduced the manual paperwork that the nursing team were required to complete in the past, freeing up their time to deliver more care. The system provides meaningful information about incident themes and trends, which means that employees can be proactive and timely in implementing strategies to improve safety for residents and clients.

## Announcing the Consumer Reviewed logo

We have introduced a Regis Consumer Reviewed logo, which acknowledges consumer input and co-design in the development or review of initiatives including service planning, design, quality improvement and consumer publications (brochures, posters and presentations). Whenever you see the Consumer Reviewed logo, you know that feedback from consumers has been instrumental in its development.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Regis Consumer Advisory Council

As part of our ongoing commitment to the active participation of consumers in service planning, design and evaluation of initiatives, we are pleased to announce the formation of the consultative Regis Consumer Advisory Council.

A diverse group of consumers has been recruited and engaged to join the council, which was first convened in October 2021. Key areas of focus for the council include:

- improving the care and experience of residents living with dementia
- partnering with Regis in choice and dignity of care, diversity and inclusion initiatives as we prepare for a diverse future population
- consultation in the development of the Regis Consumer Engagement Framework
- consultation in the Regis Partners in Care Program (completed)
- co-design of the Family Escalation Pathway
- advancing the Regis model of consumer representatives in governance committees.

To embrace the advancing reforms within aged care, we believe the evolution of partnerships with consumers across all levels of the business will grow in importance. These partnerships will enable us to develop a deeper understanding of resident needs and preferences to provide further safeguards that protect vulnerable residents and clients.

Consumer representative partnerships will provide clients improvements in the way care is planned, designed and evaluated, with a firm focus on consumer-centred care. Consumer representatives advocating for consumers that often don't have a voice can support improved outcomes; this is particularly important in the aged care environment where up to 50% of residents have some level of cognitive impairment. Consumer representatives add valuable input to discussion around the lived resident experience by providing a nonhealthcare perspective.

Based in Brisbane, the Consumer Advisory Council comprises seven volunteer members including current Regis residents and family members of current residents. Internal and external keynote speakers have presented and sought consumer advice on many topics such as dementia care, clinical communication and escalation of care.

The inclusive recruitment process had a strong focus on ensuring those with mild memory loss or cognitive impairment were not excluded from the opportunity to be involved in the council. Future initiatives towards expanding consumer representative partnerships in governance are planned and will include the key community representation such as older LGBTQIA+ persons and the Older Persons Advocacy Network (OPAN).

## ELDAC program participation to enhance end-oflife and palliative care practices

The End of Life Directions for Aged Care (ELDAC) Linkages program (previously known as 'Working Together') is an innovative palliative care and advanced care planning initiative that aims to improve the quality of end-of-life care for all older Australians receiving aged care. This is achieved by developing or strengthening linkages between our service, specialist palliative care, primary care and other local service providers and networks.

Regis successfully secured the participation of four Homes in the ELDAC Linkages program: Bunbury (Western Australia), Caboolture (Queensland), Fawkner and Macleod (Victoria).

As part of the program, participating Homes have appointed a Palliative Care Champion (PCC) to:

- build employee capability for delivering high quality palliative care,
- improve Advance Care Planning, and
- provide adequate bereavement support to residents and the family.

The program has injected significant funding into the business to ensure the successful implementation of the PCC roles and the program action plan. The PCCs have been supported by skilled facilitators from ELDAC to be equipped as a go-to palliative care person in the Home, and as a program lead to identify areas for improvement so that action plans can be developed and completed.

We have completed diagnostic audits facilitated by ELDAC to evaluate the quality of palliative and end-of-life care Regis delivers. The audit results, published in June 2022, will be used by the Regis Palliative and End of Life Model of Care Working Group to ensure our processes reflect contemporary and best practice palliative care guidelines so that residents and families are supported throughout the end-of-life journey.

## Changed Behaviour and Dementia Model of Care

Our Clinical and Care Practice Team is excited to be leading the 'Changed Behaviour and Dementia Model of Care' project. The purpose of the project is to provide a framework to guide our employees in the provision of contemporary and evidence-based dementia care, having our residents in the centre of our care delivery and decision making process.

The project draws skills and expertise from our internal subject matter experts. The membership includes Regional Lifestyle Specialists, General and Clinical Care Managers, Quality Managers and Clinical Care Specialists with experience in dementia related projects, dementia specialist work experience, dementia care workforce development and postgraduate qualifications in personcentred dementia care.

The following are key outcomes and priorities of the project:

- Improving employee knowledge and understanding of changed behaviour and dementia care
- Improving communication of each resident's personal stories and care needs
- Ensuring sustainability through ongoing education and environmental factors.

The Model of Care taskforce has developed key information including tools, guidelines, procedures and care pathways that promote our employees to understand and establish a true connection with each resident to achieve true resident-centred care.

The Changed Behaviour and Dementia Model of Care align with the guiding principles of the Regis Model of Care that it:

- is resident-centred and acknowledges the unique needs, dignity, values, expectations preferences and circumstances of each resident across the continuum of care
- is integrated and coordinated in a planned and structured way
- guides safe, quality care that is supported by contemporary best practice
- provides standardised processes and tools that support efficient and effective ways of providing resident and client care
- is developed in collaboration with clinicians, managers and healthcare partners, as well as with patients, their carers, organisations that support them, and the broader community.

## OUR STRATEGY POSITIVE PEOPLE AND PRACTICE

## Review safety performance through robust metrics and analysis

The Work Health and Safety team, in partnership with Operations, continues to monitor Regis safety performance data for trends and opportunities. Our reporting tool for capturing safety data, RISC Net, was recently enhanced and relaunched in order to provide improved safety information.

From FY21 to FY22 there was a 3% improvement in our Lost Time Injury Frequency Rates (LTIFR). We saw a 25% reduction in the number of claims lodged and claims costs decreased by 60% in FY22. Our All Injury Frequency Rate improved by 24%.

## Revised Leadership Capability Framework

Assessing leadership capabilities for today's needs is key to our Strategic Plan priority area. It underpins our Positive People and Practice pillar which strives to develop empowered, positive and capable people working in integrated teams.

The Leadership Capability Framework aims to build the critical leadership needed to deliver on our strategy. We adopted Korn Ferry Leadership Architect™ as the underlying framework, recognised by industry as the world standard.

The new framework was launched at the annual leadership day on 12 November 2021 which was attended online by 268 Regis leaders.

We are now integrating the Leadership Capability Framework into the employee lifecycle.

LEADERSHIP CAPABILITY IS A KEY STRATEGIC PLAN PRIORITY AREA. IT UNDERPINS OUR POSITIVE PEOPLE AND PRACTICE PILLAR

## Occupational violence prevention program

A multidisciplinary Behaviours of Concern Taskforce was established in late 2021 to discuss and propose initiatives to address all forms of occupational violence experienced by employees within our Homes.

Focus groups were conducted with frontline employees to determine the gaps and their areas of concern, with terms of reference then established.

We have set a target to reduce behaviour of concern injuries by 10% in FY23. This will be realised with a BEKIND to a Carer campaign, dementia awareness and de-escalation training.

## Flexibility and career progression at Regis

Finding flexible work arrangements is vital to ensuring employees can continue focusing on their work endeavours whilst retaining their personal commitments.

Sehrish Farhan, Regis Inala Lodge General Manager, recently returned from a period of maternity leave. With massive changes to her personal and work life, Sehrish had to juggle new personal and business requirements.

However, at Regis, support is on hand for those that need it. Understanding how critical it is for a parent to be close to their newborn child, Sehrish can work from home a couple of days a week. Sehrish says, 'Regis is so supportive of me. They accepted my request and provided a laptop and remote access so I can work from home smoothly. My manager also checks-in with me daily to see if I need any support.'

Speaking of her fantastic team, Sehrish says, 'I am incredibly grateful to the organisation. They provided me with training and support. I am enjoying being back at work.'

Finishing with one message to all, Sehrish says, 'going back to work after maternity leave can be challenging, but with the right support, you can thrive.'

## Full review of Learning and Development Framework

We know that having a workforce with the right skills, knowledge and attitude is critical to success in delivering exceptional care and services to our residents and clients. In an ever-changing environment, we must challenge ourselves on traditional ways of learning and adapt accordingly. This ensures what and how we train is most relevant to our people and to continually meet and exceed consumer and stakeholder expectations.

A revised Learning and Development (L&amp;D) Framework was developed in FY22 as a key part of our Strategic Plan. Underpinning the Positive People and Practice goal of development - to 'empower, support and enable our people'- our L&amp;D Framework sets out how we create a learning culture at Regis. We have also conducted a deep dive review of our premier L&amp;D programs and are working towards enhancing our framework to ensure it meets the changing needs of our residents and clients, and enhances the employee experience.

<!-- image -->

## OUR STRATEGY ENSURING OUR FUTURE

## Upgrade of Epicor finance system

Regis is committed to investing in technology to generate business-wide improvements. This includes more streamlined and efficient internal processes and reduced manual inputs.

In 2022 we completed a transformational project that enabled us to work better and communicate more seamlessly with Government Departments by upgrading the Epicor system. Epicor is our core Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) software and the financial heart of the Regis organisation; it manages and simplifies many business processes by tying everything together under a single database and interface.

## Digital integration strategy

Regis has built a strong reputation as a leading player in the aged care industry and our continued investment in information technology highlights our commitment to innovation and service. Our current infrastructure footprint is now being transformed to improve system capability and deliver better functionality to employees and residents. Not only are we investing in new systems, we are also improving the employee/resident experience by investing in integration technology.

The decision to move to the latest version of Epicor was made in 2021, and the new version went live on 8 March 2022. The upgrade work was closer to a new implementation: the previous version had to be completely changed in architecture and functionality, and no part of the previous program was automatically migrated to the new version. The project was completed in two phases corresponding to business needs and resources.

We are committed to continue as an aged care provider that delivers quality technology solutions and provides a positive digital experience to employees and residents. Our digital transformation journey will provide an IT platform that adapts to evolving business needs and provides accurate data to support better decision-making. A key step on this journey is to develop a sustainable application delivery and support model that promotes the retention of intellectual property and business knowledge.

<!-- image -->

The Regis Integration Platform aims to create a solution that can support activities across all organisational functions and can scale with changing business needs. Standardised data models will enable loose coupling between applications that will enable interoperability across the Regis internal landscape and with external providers. Work has commenced on building out our integration platform with initial use cases developed and deployed in March 2022.

Key projects approved in FY22 such as the upgrade to our clinical management software and the Electronic Medication Management, EMM, are significant and will place Regis in a strong position to achieve efficiencies and improved care. This includes being the single source of truth for all resident clinical and medication information.

An iterative approach is being managed with further developments occurring over the coming 12 months. These will simplify business transactions and enable modular plug and play services to enhance resident and employee experience.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Privacy and cyber security

Around the world and in Australia there has been an increase in the frequency, severity and sophistication of cyber attacks. Of particular note was the rise of ransomware attacks in the healthcare industry and the increase in supply chain-related cyber attacks. To mitigate these risks, Regis has and will continue to invest in the following:

- Building cyber resilience into our systems, solutions and IT services by adopting modern and secure design principles. This will ensure that security and privacy requirements are identified and addressed at the beginning and throughout the lifecycle of systems, solutions, IT services and supplier engagements.
- Developing and enhancing our detection and response capability. Early detection of and adequate response to cyber intrusions is crucial to mitigate the impact of cyber incidents.
- Providing greater cyber awareness and education to our employees to embed a security culture.

<!-- image -->

## High speed Wi-Fi upgrade to Regis Homes

In today's aged care environment there is a need for residents and employees to have high speed internet access throughout the Homes via Wi-Fi technology.

The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the need for high speed Wi-Fi to resolve high demands for telehealth, family connection and voice calling over the internet.

We have commenced a comprehensive Wi-Fi and internet upgrade throughout the Regis Aged Care Home network, to provide exceptional levels of access and service to residents and employees. The Wi-Fi enablement project provides a robust foundation for future innovations in care products.

A controlling WAN (Wide Area Network) has been established to connect all Homes to our data centres and the internet. The WAN enables internet access to be balanced between residents and employees as needed. In addition, 6,600 Wi-Fi access devices will be implemented across all Regis Homes.

The project is due for completion in September 2022.

## Review of design standards completed

Periodically, Regis design standards are reviewed to ensure new builds are contemporary and fit for purpose. Version 7 of the design standards was introduced in September 2019 following an extensive review based on feedback received from eight consumer focus group sessions.

Having regard to the fluid nature of the aged care environment, version 7 standards have been under review since June 2020. The review has identified that the design standards were still broadly appropriate, with refinements needed in three areas:

1.  infection control
2.  workplace efficiency
3.  cost reduction.

Version 8 design standards will drive greater efficiency in design and improve outcomes for residents. Changes can be grouped into two areas:

1.  Changes to the ground floor organisational arrangement of spaces to ensure clear and secure access can be achieved while maintaining a welcoming entrance and good wayfinding.
2.  Changes to the arrangement of spaces on a typical floor.

The new arrangement of a typical floor introduces the concept of 32 spaces divided into two neighbourhoods of 16, which are then divided into communities of eight. Public and utility areas are provided at the floor, neighbourhood or community level (for example, one nurse hub per floor or one utility room per community). These spaces are arranged to enable discrete separation and a more homely feel for our residents.

Other changes include a more domestic appearance to the dining and snacking experience while maintaining the commercial back of house catering model, targeted area reductions, and a more prescriptive approach to storage.

## Achieve NDIS certification across residential aged care

In December 2020, all residential aged care providers who had a National Disability Insurance Scheme (NDIS) participant in their care were automatically registered as an NDIS provider. Whilst this was a significant change across the industry, pleasingly, it meant that all aged care providers needed to focus on and embed NDIS requirements to ensure their participants were receiving high-quality care and services.

## Through the accreditation audit we were able to demonstrate that we met the six key elements of NDIS registration. That is:

1. We demonstrated compliance with the NDIS practice standards.

<!-- image -->

Our employees work within the NDIS code of conduct.

<!-- image -->

We have an effective complaints management and resolution system in place.

<!-- image -->

We have an effective incident management system in place and are reporting to the NDIS Commission appropriately.

5.

We ensure that all of our workers have been appropriately screened through the NDIS Worker Screening Check.

6.

We support our NDIS participants with their behaviour support requirements.

To maintain our commitment to our 180+ NDIS participants, Regis took the opportunity to review our systems and processes in response. We left no stone unturned and focused on everything from how we support an NDIS participant on admission to a Home, to how we onboard, educate and train our employees in NDIS, to how we provide clinical care such as NDIS behaviour support and restrictive practices.

From March to June 2022, this culminated in Regis undergoing an accreditation audit against the NDIS practice standards. Over the two stages of the accreditation audit, three NDIS assessors reviewed over 300 pieces of evidence, conducted tours across 12 Regis Homes, interviewed and surveyed over 100 employees and 23 residents and clients, and audited over 100 employee files.

We successfully passed the accreditation audit and were recommended to the NDIS Commission for ongoing registration.

## Additional Services model refresh

Additional Services are hotel-type services which provide an increased choice of accommodation, food and entertainment for residents. There are three levels of Additional Services available in 54 Regis Homes: Club Services, Reserve and Classic.

In response to consumer demands the Regis Additional Services offering has been refreshed. The refreshed offering was relaunched from November 2021 to June 2022.

## Participation in Research

Regis continues to support and drive research and innovative partnerships to improve and develop new treatments, services and technologies that support the expansion of knowledge in the field of aged care. As well as new research projects, many of the research projects that we helped to facilitate last year have remained ongoing into this year. Our partnerships also continue to expand to align with our Culture of Care and focus on improving the health, care and quality of life for our residents and clients.

<!-- image -->

REGIS CONTINUES TO DRIVE RESEARCH TO IMPROVE THE EXPANSION OF KNOWLEDGE IN THE FIELD OF AGED CARE.

| University and  Partners  Project Title  Project Summary/Status  The University of  Melbourne  Remote expert nurse  consultation for pressure  injury prevention and  management in  residential aged care  Ongoing project  •  The expected outcomes of the program include the prevention  and quicker healing of pressure injuries, capability building of  nurses, and reduced cost of treatment and care.  •  The feasibility study pilot has been completed and we are now  ready to move to the next stage of the project - the randomised  controlled trial.  •  Regis have employed two Wound Clinical Nurse Consultants to  oversee and guide the project.  •  Employees have participated in project training, resident  recruitment via a consultative and informed consent process,  collected study data and participated in evaluation.  Swinburne University  of Technology  Dementia Care Research  Project -  Communities of  Practice  Pilot  •  This project continued into this year and aims to investigate  whether participating in a community of practice improves  knowledge, attitudes and applied dementia care practice in the  workplace.  •  The findings are currently being prepared for publication.  •  The project involved 22 employees across nine Homes nationally.  •  Participants included Lifestyle, General Managers, Personal Care  Assistants, Nurses and Dementia Liaison roles.  Monash University  Optimising health  information exchange  during aged care transfers  Ongoing project  •  Commenced July 2021 and scheduled to conclude in two years.  •  The project seeks to develop and test a digital health solution for  sharing critical data during transfers of residents living in residential  aged care.  •  The project has just concluded defining the system and end user  requirements.  •  The next stage is to optimise end user engagement by moving  into the co-design display options, governance and consent  processes.  Ambulance Victoria  Patient Care Academy  Better at Home  Project  •  The aim of this project was to understand the reasons why  Residential Aged Care Homes call Triple Zero (000) for resident  care and treatment that is non-urgent.  •  Ambulance Victoria were preparing a new pathway that included a  direct link through to the Victorian Virtual Emergency Department.  •  Clinical Care Specialists attended the design and consultation  workshop.  •  Clinical Care Managers across 10 Homes participated in identifying  barriers to accessing treatment.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EXCELLENCE IN CLINICAL GOVERNANCE

To ensure Regis continues to have the highest standard of clinical governance, we have implemented further initiatives over the past 12 months. In addition to the improvements already highlighted in this report such as the Regis Consumer Advisory Council, Partners in Care program and the implementation of RISC Net, we have undertaken a range of activities to strengthen clinical governance.

## Review and refresh the feedback management framework

We made information about how to raise feedback more accessible to consumers by updating brochures and posters at our Homes and services, and by including information on our website. By focusing on training and improving our processes, employees are responding to feedback faster, meaning consumers are less likely to escalate a complaint to an external body as their concerns are being adequately addressed at the point of care. We have also improved our skills in open disclosure, which is an approach for openly and transparently communicating to consumers, particularly in instances where something has gone wrong.

In FY22, Regis performed well in relation to external complaints that are escalated by consumers to the Aged Care Quality and Safety Commission (The Commission). As per The Commission's quarterly Sector Performance Report, Regis has consistently outperformed the aged care sector average.

## Implement a Clinical Incident Review Committee

The Clinical Incident Review Committee (CIRC) is a multidisciplinary panel that meets on a monthly basis to review the investigation outcomes of our most serious incidents that occur. As part of its responsibilities, the CIRC ensures that the investigation has been conducted using best practice investigation techniques, that there has been appropriate consumer involvement, that the findings are robust and that adequate actions have been put in place to prevent the incident from occurring again.

'The Clinical Incident Review Committee has been instrumental in strengthening the effectiveness of our resident and client safety culture and program at Regis,' says Professor Christine Bennett AO, Chairman of the Regis Clinical Governance and Care Committee.

'Through the comprehensive investigation of incidents and open communication of lessons learnt, we are able to optimise the safety and quality of care that we provide to residents and clients.'

Since it was first convened in October 2021, the CIRC has reviewed over 21 incident investigations and has monitored the implementation of 40 resident and client safety actions.

## Review restrictive practices and change behaviour support processes

On 1 July 2021, legislative changes came into effect that strengthened a provider's obligation around restrictive practicesthat is any practice or intervention that has the effect of restricting the rights or freedom of movement of a resident. For example, a locked door to the memory support unit would be considered a restrictive practice.

Regis takes a supportive approach to behaviours and we use restrictive practices as a last resort.

## Sector Performance Data External complaints per 100 residents

<!-- image -->

The Sector Perfomance data for FY22, Quarter 4 (Apr-Jun) was not yet available at the time of printing.

Given the importance and significance of the legislative changes, we implemented several initiatives over FY22 to strengthen how we support our residents who have a change in behaviour and those who need to have a restrictive practice in place, including:

- enhancing our behaviour support and planning care processes
- developing detailed guidance and reference materials for a broad range of audiences
- providing education and training to employees and care providers (such as GPs)
- appointing an internal Behaviour Support Specialist to provide clinical coaching and expertise across Regis
- convening a Restrictive Practice Panel to provide interim guidance and oversight for residents who need a formal guardian appointed

## The Regis Clinical Governance Model

Clinical governance refers to the systems, structures and processes we have in place to ensure we deliver great care. Our goal is to provide safe, effective, personal and integrated care for every resident and client. We know this can only be delivered in partnership by qualified, caring and compassionate employees who are supported by great systems.

<!-- image -->

- implementing additional governance checks and balances to ensure we continue to meet our legislative compliance requirements.

As a result of this increased focus, we saw a 25% decline in the number of resident behaviour incidents that occurred in FY22 compared to the previous financial year.

## Data highlights

OF SURVEYED RESIDENTS, CLIENTS AND FAMILIES STRONGLY AGREE OR AGREE THAT THEY ARE TREATED WITH RESPECT

98.1 %

OF SURVEYED RESIDENTS, CLIENTS AND FAMILIES FEEL SAFE

98.2 %

OF SURVEYED RESIDENTS, CLIENTS AND FAMILIES STRONGLY AGREE OR AGREE THAT EMPLOYEES ARE KIND AND CARING

98.4 %

## Optimise CarePage survey tool

CarePage, is a tool that allows us to survey residents, clients and their families to understand their experiences and identify areas for local and national improvement. 8,760 surveys were completed in FY22.

## ONGOING MANAGEMENT OF COVID-19

## COVID-19

Our residents, clients, employees, Homes and services continued to be impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, albeit in different ways. High rates of vaccination and the introduction of effective anti-viral medications drastically lowered the risk of severe illness and death. This meant that we could welcome more visitors and resume most of our regular activities in our aged care Homes, with our employees exercising diligence around infection prevention and control. Our services were heavily impacted by the Omicron wave and we continue to implement our outbreak management plans, which have been updated as new information and treatment recommendations have come to light.

## COVID-19 booster clinics

Our priority is to ensure the health and safety of older Australians in our care, as well as Regis employees and the community. We do this by following guidance from the Commonwealth Department of Health and Local Public Health Units and by implementing strict infection prevention and control measures in our Homes, sites and offices. These control measures include actively supporting our residents and employees to take up the COVID-19 vaccination.

Since July 2021 we have engaged Company Medical Services (CMS) to deliver our vaccination program to all Regis Homes, sites and services.

The scale of the program has been immense. The main learning has been how important vaccinations have been for our residents; as a result of our high vaccination rates our residents with COVID-19 are generally well and are not experiencing severe illness.

45,000 COVID-19 VACCINES DELIVERED

TO RESIDENTS 21,000+

TO EMPLOYEES 24,000+

## Launch of Partners in Care

Regis recognises and values the important contributions family and friends make to the wellbeing of residents. Keeping residents connected with their families and loved ones is crucial to maintaining the emotional and mental wellbeing of residents, particularly during periods of visitor restrictions or lockdowns due to COVID-19.

The Partners in Care program was introduced to allow visitors to continue their care visits at our Homes in a way that manages risk, even during a COVID-19 outbreak at a Home. Launched in March 2022, the program has received an encouraging response from residents' families and loved ones.

A Partner in Care is a person over the age of 16 who has a close and continuing relationship with a resident, such as a partner, family member, friend or representative. This person frequently visits the resident to provide aspects of regular routine care and companionship. Each Partner in Care works closely with the team at the Home and receives education around infection prevention and control and supporting residents in day-to-day activities.

512 VACCINE CLINICS OVER THE LAST 18 MONTHS

## COVID-19 antiviral medication

In partnership with the Commonwealth Department of Health, COVID-19 antiviral medication was placed directly into our Homes. This allowed the medication to be readily available for residents if they tested positive for COVID-19 and their GP found them suitable to commence treatment.

Molnupiravir (trade name Lagevrio) can be effective in treating people with mild to moderate COVID-19 who are within five days of displaying symptoms and are at high risk of severe disease requiring hospitalisation.

Regis Rose Bay resident Aldwyn was prescribed Lagevrio one day after being diagnosed with COVID-19. The 81-yearold was up to date with her vaccinations but suffers from a chronic illness.

'I had to take four capsules twice a day for five days. I think the medication honestly did help. I had a cough and I was tired but once I started the medication I didn't get any worse.' - Aldwyn.

<!-- image -->

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

As a leading Australian aged care provider, Regis recognises our important role in sustainability.

The Regis Sustainability Strategy creates an actionable plan to align company practices with clear environmental and sustainability goals and objectives. It is supported by a welldefined leadership structure and robust management approach.

In FY22 we continued to progress key projects and initiatives to move towards achieving the priority targets set within our Sustainability framework across three key themes: Our Environment, Our Community, Our People.

## Our Environment

Regis is committed to responsibly managing the short and long-term impacts of our operations, including the use of natural resources such as electricity and natural gas and the production of other waste.

## Energy performance

Regis is committing to a combined 10% energy reduction target by FY24 (against a FY19 baseline).

| Metric  FY20*  FY21*  FY22*  Energy Consumption (GJ)  260,485  239,491  232,999  Energy Consumption  (CO  2  -e tonnes)  40,592  35,484  33,688   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*   Excludes Regis Home Hill and Regis Ayr. Adjustments made in respect to ramp up sites. Source: Bid energy

Our 3.6 megawatts of solar panels across the country have continued to offset electricity consumption with a total of 4,951,219 kilowatt hours of electricity being generated through this renewable source.

## Plastic alternatives

Our partnership with the Turtle Tribe has enabled us to replace approximately 30,000 plastic toothbrushes annually with sustainable, biodegradable bamboo alternatives.

## Intelligent appliances

As part of our ongoing efforts to be more energy efficient and environmentally friendly while providing an outstanding resident experience, we have purchased over 50 intelligent Unox combi ovens for our Homes. These specialty ovens use artificial intelligence to maximise the quality and consistency of cooking results and provide many other benefits.

Performance statistics allow us to monitor and compare oven performance, detect anomalies, and improve efficiency. Using the self-cleaning function, the system can automatically recognise when the oven requires cleaning and suggests the correct wash to maximise cleanliness and minimise water and chemical usage.

## Electric and hybrid vehicles

Regis is investing in electric and hybrid vehicles to help reduce our environmental footprint.

We have purchased an electric vehicle to help deliver meals across the Regis Inala Village complex, which is situated on 10 hectares of land. Previously the site used a petrol fueled van to transport breakfast, lunch and dinner to hundreds of residents in independent living units and the residential aged care Home. We've also had a custom trailer built for the electric vehicle to help transport garbage bins around the complex.

## Green thumbs

We are constantly trying to establish innovative ways to recycle, repurpose and be sustainable.

Our raised garden beds allow residents who are immobile to participate in most of our gardening activities, while our mobile residents do not have to bend. Planting and watching something grow gives the residents a sense of ownership, purpose and satisfaction.

Regis Sippy Downs recently purchased a Vegepod (a contained, raised garden bed) and planted herbs in it which are thriving. Chef Kylie now uses the herbs in the kitchen and the Lifestyle team uses the herbs for sensory stimulation with residents. Once the residents are finished with the herbs they are placed in the Home's compost bin to be used for fertiliser.

## Our Community

Regis is committed to contributing towards supporting the needs of our communities. We recognise the importance of actively supporting our residents and the communities in which we work.

## KMS4KIDS

Regis employees actively supported LifeChanger's KMS4KIDS, a 21-day virtual health and wellbeing challenge held in September 2021. Thirty five teams and 259 team members participated, and collectively walked over 1 1,281 kilometres which is the distance from Melbourne to each Capital City or from Melbourne to Santiago, Chile. More than $15,000 was raised during the challenge, with all proceeds going to LifeChanger, a preventative mental health and wellbeing non-profit that empowers young people to live thriving, resilient lives.

Regis supported employees to participate in this challenge to encourage them to improve their mental health and fitness while raising money for a worthy cause.

## The Shared Value Project

In February 2022, Regis became a member of the Shared Value Project (SVP).

The term 'shared value' was first coined in a 201 1 Harvard Business Review article which described the concept as 'policies and operating practices that enhance the competitiveness of a company while simultaneously advancing the economic and social conditions in the communities in which it operates'.

The shared value framework creates new opportunities for private sector organisations, community organisations and governments to leverage the power of business in addressing societal problems.

<!-- image -->

## Our People

The quality of our people is essential to the success of Regis. We work to maintain a productive and healthy organisation, employ and develop talented people, strengthen our leadership, and enhance employee performance through strong engagement.

## Studies Assistance Program

$22,000 approved for over 25 Regis employees to engage in external learning opportunities to further their career development.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

## Our commitment to corporate governance

The Regis Board is committed to maximising performance to deliver quality care and services to our residents and clients, generating shareholder value and financial return, and sustaining the growth and success of Regis.

The Board seeks to ensure that Regis is well managed and achieves high-quality of care objectives for our residents and clients and provides support and engagement with other stakeholders such as family and friends.

Regis, its Directors, officers and personnel ensure a sound system of corporate governance applies throughout the business to enable Regis to achieve its objectives in accordance with its core values as set out in the Regis Way.

Full details of Regis' compliance with the ASX Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations, 4 th  edition can be found in the Regis Healthcare Corporate Governance Statement. This statement is on the company website at www.regis.com.au/corporate-governance/

## Board of Directors

<!-- image -->

Graham Hodges Chairman Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

Dr Linda Mellors Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Prof Christine Bennett AO Independent Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Bryan Dorman Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

To view our Board members full profiles turn to page 42 - 44 in the Directors' Report.

Sally Freeman Independent Non-Executive Director

Ian Roberts Non-Executive Director

<!-- image -->

## Board skills and experience

The Board has strong experience across key areas through the current mix of Directors.

<!-- image -->

## Directors holding strong skills

Directors holding intermediate skills

## Skills or experience

| Leadership and culture  6  Human resources  4  2  Experience on other boards  5  1  Aged/healthcare  4  2  Clinical governance  4  2  Public/government relations  3  3  Stakeholder management  5  1  Risk and compliance management  4  2  Strategy  5  1  Mergers and acquisitions and capital markets  2  4  Information technology  4  2  Listed company governance  4  2  Project management  3  3  Remuneration  3  3  Accounting and finance  6  Building/facilities  3  3  Property development  3  3  Sustainability/corporate social responsibility  4  2  Business development  5  1  Health and safety  4  2  Marketing and communications  3  2   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Shareholder engagement

The Board is committed to ensuring that shareholders are kept informed of developments affecting the state of affairs of Regis, including information necessary to assess the performance of Directors.

The Board recognises that current and potential investors may wish to access information about Regis beyond our continuous disclosure obligations. To this end, Regis maintains an active investor relations program managed by our Chief Financial Officer. Under this program Regis communicates information regularly to shareholders and other stakeholders through a range of forums and publications, including:

- The Annual Report distributed to shareholders
- The Half Yearly Report which is available on the Company's website
- The Annual General Meeting
- Announcements to the ASX; and
- Investor updates and direct shareholders contact through the Company's website at www.regis.com.au

The program facilitates two-way communication with investors, with shareholders able to contact the Chief Financial Officer or ask questions via the Regis website. Shareholders are also able to communicate with directors at the Annual General Meeting which is held at a time and format to maximise the opportunity for shareholders to attend and participate in meetings.

This year Regis will hold a hybrid AGM. This will enable better access for a greater number of shareholders who may attend and participate in an online or physical meeting.

## Board committees

The Board recognises the importance of an appropriate committee structure to assist the efficient and effective operation of the Board.

The Board has established four committees, including the Property Committee in November 2021.

The committees are:

- Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
- People and Remuneration Committee
- Clinical Governance and Care Committee
- Property Committee.

Our Board Committees enable Directors with particular skills and expertise to have a primary role in considering specific areas of operations and governance. Committees report on meetings and decisions to the full Board. This provides oversight and opportunity for other Directors to question and test the Committee recommendations.

Each Committee has adopted a formal Board approved Charter that details its role, authority, responsibilities, membership and operations.

## Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee

The Committee's key responsibilities and functions are to oversee:

- the Company's external audit function and relationship with the external auditor
- the Company's internal audit function
- the preparation of financial statements and reports
- the Company's financial controls and systems
- identification and management of risk.

## People and Remuneration Committee

The People function of the Committee is to assist the Board with:

- employee engagement, talent management and employee relations strategies
- organisational culture
- diversity and inclusion.

The Remuneration function of the Committee assists the Board with:

- succession planning
- remuneration of the MD/CEO
- remuneration of Executives reporting to the MD/CEO.

## Clinical Governance and Care Committee

Key responsibilities and functions of the Committee are to:

- provide effective clinical governance and quality improvement policies and frameworks
- ensure systems and processes are appropriate to deliver safe and effective clinical and personal care services - meeting legislative requirements and ensuring the best outcomes for residents and clients
- oversee transparent and consistent processes within defined clinical governance structures
- oversee robust monitoring, audit and quality improvement processes across clinical and personal care services
- ensure effective engagement with residents and clients, their representatives and clinical employees regarding the quality of clinical and personal care.

## Property Committee

The role of the Committee is to:

- provide guidance in relation to strategy and planning for property development and the acquisition and disposal of real estate assets
- provide guidance to ensure the Company's property development activities create value for shareholders and are well governed, having regard to time and cost management and delivery of a product which delivers operational and service excellence and meets all legislative requirements
- provide oversight and assurance that the Company has design standards in place to ensure new developments are contemporary and fit for purpose.

<!-- image -->

## Values and ethics

Regis' core values are set out in the 'Regis Way', which explains the values and expectations of Regis' workers, Executives and Directors. The Regis values are:

- Optimism - we are enthusiastic about what we do
- Passion - we make a positive difference every day
- Integrity - we act in a professional and ethical manner at all times
- Respect - we listen, we are polite and treat every person with courtesy.

## Code of Conduct

Regis' formal Code of Conduct reflects the Company's values of integrity, honesty and respect. The code outlines how Regis expects its representatives to behave and conduct business in the workplace. It includes requirements in relation to legal compliance and guidelines on appropriate ethical standards. All employees of Regis (including temporary employees, contractors, Executives and Directors) must comply with the Code of Conduct.

<!-- image -->

## Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy

The Regis Healthcare Board has adopted the Anti-Bribery and Corruption Policy, which supports the Company's commitment to a high level of integrity and ethical standards in all of its business practices. The purpose of the policy is to set clear standards for how all Directors, employees, agents and contractors should behave, to prevent bribery and corruption in Regis' business practice.

## Whistleblower reporting

Employees are encouraged to report unlawful or unethical conduct to the Company Secretary or our independent reporting hotline called STOPline. Under the Whistleblower Protection Policy, the Company Secretary reports all whistleblower disclosures to the Board.

## Feedback and continuous improvement

Regis is committed to providing the best experience for our residents and clients and we welcome feedback from all members of the Regis community. Whether this is feedback about what we are doing well, or is in relation to areas or ideas on how we can improve, there are a range of options available for providing feedback. Avenues include providing feedback directly to employees and managers at a Home or service, by calling or emailing the Regis Advice Team, or by writing to our Head Office. If a member of the Regis community feels there are things that we should know but are more comfortable telling an independent reporting service, they are able to provide feedback through Regis Shareline. Regis Shareline is operated by a third-party provider and can even accept feedback anonymously. There are many ways that feedback information is used to help shape what we do at Regis.

For further information on how you can provide feedback and how this is used to improve what we do, please visit: www.regis.com.au/providing-feedback

<!-- image -->

## Modern Slavery

Regis strongly supports the objectives of the Modern Slavery Act 2018 (Cth). We are committed to acting ethically and with integrity in our business relationships.

We comply with and report various statutory obligations, including the assessment, risks, identification and remediation (as required) of all forms of Modern Slavery in our supply chains.

Modern Slavery-in the context of legislation-is any situation of serious exploitation where coercion, threats, abuse of power or deception are used to exploit victims and undermine or deprive them of their freedoms. Examples of Modern Slavery include servitude, forced labour and people trafficking.

A condition of all Regis contracts is that suppliers and service providers adhere to the Modern Slavery Code of Conduct and supply compliance information on request. We continue to monitor our supply chain for Modern Slavery risks. If Modern Slavery is identified, Regis will implement the Modern Slavery Remediation Policy.

Our Modern Slavery Statement can be found on our website: www.regis.com. au/investorinformation/corporategovernance

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Continuous Disclosure Policy

Regis places a high priority on communication with shareholders and its obligations under the Corporations Act and the ASX Listing Rules. This keeps the market fully informed of any information concerning Regis that is not generally available and that a reasonable person would expect to have a material effect on the price or value of Regis' securities.

The Regis Healthcare Board has adopted a Continuous Disclosure Policy that establishes procedures to ensure Directors and senior management are aware of and fulfil their obligations in relation to the timely disclosure of material price-sensitive information.

## Dealing in Securities

The Regis Healthcare Policy for Dealing in Securities sets out the types of conduct in dealings in securities that are prohibited under the Corporations Act. It also establishes a best practice procedure for the trading of securities that protects Regis and its Directors and employees against the misuse of unpublished information that could materially affect the value of securities.

The policy applies to all Directors, officers and Senior Executives of Regis Healthcare and its related bodies corporate, other designated employees specified by the Board and connected persons of Directors, officers, Senior Executives and designated employees.

<!-- image -->

## Diversity

Regis has an inclusive and respectful workplace that recognises and celebrates the many cultures of our residents, clients and employees. Through recognition of national holidays and celebrations with food and special events, such as Australia Day, NAIDOC Week, National Reconciliation Week, Ramadan, Christmas, Easter and Anzac Day, we showcase the various ethnic origins, beliefs and backgrounds in our community.

The Board has formally approved a Diversity Policy which enshrines our commitment to support workforce diversity in a number of different attributes including gender, ethnicity and disability. In FY22, as in previous years, gender was identified as a key area of focus and the Company is committed to addressing the representation of women in management positions and on the Board, to actively facilitate a more diverse and representative management and leadership structure and achieve a diverse workplace through inclusive recruitment and employment strategies.

Under the Policy, the Board set measurable objectives, with a key focus of progressing towards a balanced representation of women at a Board and management level.

The Company's achievements against the Diversity Objectives in FY22 were:

| Workforce Diversity Priorities (FY22)  Summary of Progress FY22  Have not less than 30% of Directors and  Management of each gender  As at 30 June 2022:  •  Directors (incl. CEO): 50% male (3) to 50% female (3) (One vacancy)  •  Assessing employees under the five Workplace Gender Equality Agency  (WGEA) management categories, as at 30 June 2022 showed 67% of  employees in management roles were female.  Overall, the proportion of females shortlisted  for all Senior Management roles should be  monitored with a proposed target of 50%  (calculated across all senior roles, not by  individual role)  During the period 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022, monitoring commenced.  Pay equity to be reviewed annually with  corrective action to be implemented in the  event of any anomalies  Pay equity is formally reviewed annually through the WGEA Report for the  period 1 April to 31 March each year.  Outliers are considered as part of the annual remuneration review. As part  of the annual remuneration review conducted in 2021, nine employees had  their remuneration adjusted to address gender inequity.  Strategies to support employees experiencing  family and domestic violence to be monitored  for suitability and uptake  We offer the Employee Assistance Program and provisions for such leave  (unpaid) are in all Enterprise Agreements.  Due to the sensitivity of these events, it is difficult to collect data and  feedback to monitor the effectiveness of such support.  We have seen an increase in the uptake of support.  Monitor the proportion of diverse backgrounds  across management levels  Our cultural diversity profile shows that employees in Senior Management  and Executive roles are being performed by 70% Australian born employees  who come from a broad range of cultural backgrounds. The 30% 'born  overseas' are from 13 different countries. The largest groups were born in  the United Kingdom (7.5%) and India (5%).  Formulate and commence implementation of a  Reconciliation Action Plan  This priority was delayed to FY23 due to the heavy demands on our team  related to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## EXECUTIVE LEADERSHIP TEAM

Filomena Ciavarella Executive General Manager Strategy, Quality and Improvement

<!-- image -->

Filomena commenced at Regis in August 2020. Filomena has over 20 years of experience in the health sector, working in various executive management and senior leadership roles across many health services, including the Royal Children's Hospital, Peter MacCallum Cancer Centre, Monash Health, Austin Health and Mercy Health. Filomena has extensive experience in the development and implementation of clinical governance, strategic management, quality management, risk management and improvement frameworks.

Filomena ensures that we have robust quality systems in place and provides leadership for the four Regis Care goals-personal care, safe care, effective care and integrated care-and that these goals are delivered for our residents and clients. Filomena is passionate about consumer engagement that residents, clients, families and community members have a voice across the different levels of the organisation, and that this voice drives all that we do.

Gregg Funston Executive General Manager Operations - QLD/NSW/NT

<!-- image -->

Joining Regis in 2010 in a General Manager's role, Gregg has since held a range of positions including Regional Manager, Operations Manager, National Manager Operations Support, Acting Executive General Manager Operations, Southern Region and Executive General Manager Support Services.

He is an integral part of the Regis team in the provision of high-quality and safe care for all residents, building a strong values-based culture for our employees and the continued positioning of Regis as an innovative leader in the care of older people.

Gregg's qualifications include a Diploma of Business Management. He has over 25 years of operational, business development and management experience across the hospitality and aged care sectors.

James Theofanis Executive General Manager Support Services

<!-- image -->

Joining Regis in 2009, James has held several positions including National Recruitment Manager, General Manager across several Homes, and most recently, Regional General Manager Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania. Prior to joining Regis, James worked in recruitment and management in the private sector.

A leader with a genuine interest in his team's success, James oversees several corporate and operations functions including marketing, catering, lifestyle, advice and staffing services. James' focus is to ensure the teams at our Homes have the necessary skills, tools and support to provide outstanding care and services to our residents.

James holds a Bachelor of Business Management degree and brings extensive management and leadership experience to his role.

Imtiaz Bhayat Chief Information Officer

<!-- image -->

Imtiaz commenced at Regis in October 2020. Imtiaz has a 20-year track record in using technology to transform organisations and improve outcomes. As a leader with broad commercial experience in tier 1 consulting, Imtiaz is known for identifying and building high performing teams that deliver great results.

Imtiaz holds a Master of Commerce (University of Sydney), Master of Research (Macquarie University), a Bachelor of Commerce (Western Sydney University), is a Lean Six Sigma Black Belt (project management), a CPA and a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Malcolm Ross General Counsel and Company Secretary

<!-- image -->

Malcolm Ross leads the legal and governance team, having joined Regis as General Counsel and Company Secretary in November 2021.

Malcolm has practised law for over 20 years locally and internationally and has gained extensive experience in listed companies in legal counsel, General Counsel and Company Secretary positions. Malcolm has worked in law firms and in-house at Boom Logistics Limited (ASX: BOL), an industrial services business and IHG Plc (FTSE: IHG), a hotel business.

Malcolm was admitted as a Barrister and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Victoria in November 1997 and holds a Bachelor of Business (Banking and Finance), Bachelor of Laws, Master of Laws and Graduate Diploma in Applied Corporate Governance. He has attended a number of executive leadership development programs and coaching over the course of his career.

Melissa McDonald Executive General Manager Clinical and Care Practice

<!-- image -->

Melissa joined Regis in March 2020 as the inaugural Executive General Manager Clinical and Care Practice. Melissa has responsibility for strategic leadership in the delivery of high-quality contemporary clinical care and practice, and for the professional stewardship of our nurses and clinical teams. She is committed to ensuring that all care and practice is considered, evidence-based and always with the resident or client at the centre of decision making and care delivery practices.

Melissa's priorities are ensuring that the clinical practice, processes and structures are developed and embedded across the company to ensure the delivery of safe, high-quality care.

Melissa has over 30 years of experience in the private and public healthcare sectors and has held a number of senior leadership roles including with Mercy Health and Ramsay Health. Melissa holds a Masters of Enterprise (University of Melbourne), Graduate Diploma Business Administration (Swinburne University), Bachelor of Health Science, Nursing (Monash University) and a Professional Certificate in Health Systems Management (University of Melbourne).

Michael Horwood Executive General Manager Property and Retirement Living

<!-- image -->

Michael joined Regis in July 2010 as the Executive General Manager Property. He is responsible for executing the growth strategy through land acquisition and property development. He also leads the property management team ensuring homes are well-maintained, safe and comfortable.

Passionate about the built environment and the positive impact it can have on residents, his priority is ensuring the property portfolio is designed, built and maintained to the highest quality.

Michael has over 30 years of experience in the property development, construction and facilities management industries, including 20 years specialising in residential aged care and retirement living. He has held senior roles in several listed and private Australian companies. Michael holds a Master of Project Management and a Bachelor of Construction Management from the Queensland University of Technology and is a registered builder. Michael is also a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Paul Cohen Executive General Manager Operations - VIC/SA/WA/TAS/ Home Care

<!-- image -->

Paul joined Regis in April 2020 as the Executive General Manager, Operations for the Southern Region. Paul's priorities are to ensure that our Home Care clients nationally receive safe, high-quality services, that residents in our Homes are safe, supported and happy, and frontline employees are supported in their daily work. Paul believes these priorities will maintain a strong brand that demonstrates living in a residential aged care home or receiving care in your own home remain good choices despite the global pandemic.

Paul has 30 years of experience as a leader in the health industry in New Zealand and Australia across Government, hospitals and aged care. This experience has reinforced the need to focus on the wellbeing of the people we deliver care to develop stronger, more financially successful and vibrant organisations.

Rick Rostolis Chief Financial Officer

<!-- image -->

Rick joined Regis in March 2020. He has responsibility for accounting and finance, investor relations, mergers and acquisitions and procurement activities across the business.

Rick's priorities include ensuring adequate funding for the business, improving systems of internal control and developing appropriate financial policies and procedures.

Rick has over 10 years of experience in CFO and CEO roles in ASX listed companies, including Pro-Pac Packaging Limited and SMS Management &amp; Technology Limited. Rick has also held several senior management roles with ASX-listed Pacific Brands Limited.

Rick is a Chartered Accountant and holds a Bachelor of Business degree. He is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants, Australia and New Zealand.

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

Corporate Information

## Directors

| Graham K Hodges  Chairman, Non-Executive Director  Linda J Mellors  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  Christine C Bennett AO  Non-Executive Director  Bryan A Dorman  Non-Executive Director  Sally M Freeman  Non-Executive Director (appointed 17 January 2022)  Ian G Roberts  Non-Executive Director  Sylvia Falzon  Non-Executive Director (retired 26 October 2021)  Matthew J Quinn  Non-Executive Director (retired 26 October 2021)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Company Secretary

Malcolm Ross

## Registered Office

Level 2, 615 Dandenong Road, Armadale VIC 3143

## Principal Place of Business

Level 2, 615 Dandenong Road Armadale VIC 3143

## Share Registry

Link Market Services Limited Tower 4, 727 Collins Street Melbourne VIC 3000

Phone: 1300 554 474

## Stock Exchange

Regis Healthcare Limited shares are listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX code: REG).

## Solicitors

Herbert Smith Freehills 80 Collins St Melbourne VIC 3000

## Auditors

Ernst &amp; Young Australia 8 Exhibition St Melbourne VIC 3000

## DIRECTORS' REPORT

Directors' Report

## Your Directors present their report on Regis Healthcare Limited (the Company) and its controlled entities (the Group) for the year ended 30 June 2022

## Board of Directors

The names of Directors (collectively, the Board) in office at any time during or since the end of the financial year are:

## Graham Hodges

## Chairman, Independent Non-Executive Director

Graham has been a Non-Executive Director since August 2017  and  was  appointed  Chairman  on  1  July  2018.  He has  extensive  international  experience  in  the  financial services  industry  with  a  career  spanning  more  than  40 years.  He  commenced  his  career  in  Commonwealth Treasury,  Canberra,  where  he  worked  for  approximately 10  years  before  being  seconded  to  the  International Monetary Fund in Washington for several years.

Graham  built  an  executive  career  at  the  Australian  and New Zealand Banking Group Limited and was formerly the Deputy Chief Executive Officer, ANZ Banking Group Ltd.

Graham is currently a Director of Assemble Communities Pty Ltd, and was previously Chairman of ANZ SAM Board (Special  Assets  Management),  Esanda,  ANZ  Wealth,  a Director of AmBank Holdings Berhad and a member of the Australian Government's Aged Care Financing Authority.

Graham  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Economics  (Hons)  degree from Monash University.

Special responsibilities:

- -Chairman of the Board
- -Member of the Audit, Risk &amp; Compliance Committee
- -Member of the People and Remuneration Committee (Chairman since 29 November 2021)
- -Member of Clinical Care and Governance Committee (29 November 2021 to 22 February 2022)

## Linda Mellors

Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer

Linda  has  been  Managing  Director  and  Chief  Executive Officer  since  September  2019.  Linda  has  20  years  of executive  experience  in  health  and  aged  care.  Prior  to joining Regis, Linda held a range of roles in hospital and health  systems  predominantly  in  Victoria,  as  well  as  a national aged care service. Linda was also the Co-Chair of the Victorian Metropolitan Hospital Chief Executive group.

Linda  is  currently  a  Board  Director  of  Mackillop  Family Services and Director of the Australian Aged Care Providers Association (AACPA).

Linda  was  formerly  Chair  of  the  Aged  Care  Reform Network, Chair of the Aged Care Guild, Chair of the North Eastern Metropolitan Integrated Care Service, Board Member of the Parent Infant Research Institute and Board Director  of  the  South  West  Melbourne  Medicare  Local. Linda  has  a  PhD  in  cardiac  physiology,  Bachelor  of Science with first class Honours, Bachelor of Arts and is a Graduate of the Australian Institute of Company Directors. She  is  also  a  graduate  of  the  Williamson  Community Leadership Program, operated by Leadership Victoria.

## Christine Bennett AO

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed  to  the  Board  in  March  2018,  Christine  is  a specialist paediatrician with over 30 years' health industry experience  in clinical care and  governance,  strategic planning, executive management, teaching and research. Christine  is  also  Convenor  of  the  Champions  of  Change Coalition  Health  Group  and  joined  the  Telstra  Health Board in July 2020.

Christine  was  awarded  the  title  of  Emeritus  Professor  at the University  of  Notre  Dame  Australia  following  her contributions  as  Deputy  Vice  Chancellor  Enterprise  &amp; Partnerships and Dean of Medicine, Sydney for more than 10  years.  Previously,  Christine  was  Chair  of  Research Australia, a Group Executive and Chief Medical Officer at both  MBF  Limited  and  Bupa  Australia,  a  Partner  in  the KPMG  Health and Life Sciences Practice, CEO  of Westmead  Hospital, Chair of the Sydney Children's Hospitals  Network  and  Non-Executive  Director  of  Digital Health CRC Limited.

From  2008  to  2010,  Christine  was  Chair  of  the  National Health  and  Hospitals  Reform  Commission  to  provide advice on a long-term plan for the future of the Australian health and aged care system.

Christine was awarded an Officer of the Order of Australia in recognition of her distinguished service to medicine and health care leadership in 2014.

Christine  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Medicine  and  Bachelor  of Surgery  from  the  University  of  Sydney  and  a  Master  of Paediatrics from the University of New South Wales. She is a Fellow of the Royal Australasian College of Physicians and  a  Graduate  of  the  Australian  Institute  of  Company Directors.

Special responsibilities:

- -Chairman  of the Clinical  Governance  and  Care Committee

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

46

Directors' Report

## Christine Bennett AO (continued)

Independent Non-Executive Director

Special responsibilities (continued):

- -Member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee since 29 November 2021 (Chairman 29 November 2021 to 17 January 2022)
- -Member of the People and Remuneration Committee (29 November 2021 to 22 February 2022)
- -Member of the Property Committee

## Bryan Dorman

Non-Executive Director

Bryan was a Director of the Group on listing on 7 October 2014. Prior to listing, Bryan had been a Director of Fairway Investment Holdings Pty Ltd 1 since May 2007.

Bryan has considerable experience working in and growing  enterprises  across  a  broad  range  of  industry sectors,  including  residential  aged  care,  manufacturing, property  development,  asset  investment  and  business services.

Bryan  was a Partner in  Melbourne  accounting  firm  Rees Partners from 1977 until 2000 and is a qualified accountant.

Bryan  is  a  founding  Director  and  shareholder  of  Regis. From  its  commencement  in  the  early  1990s  until  2014, Bryan was Chairman (and Executive Chairman  until 2008),  during  which  time  he  oversaw  the  management and growth of the Group.

Bryan was also the National President of the former aged care industry body, The Aged Care Association of Australia, from 2004 to 2012, and was actively involved in the development of the industry and shaping its future.

Bryan holds a Bachelor of Business (Accounting).

Special responsibilities:

- -Member of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee
- -Member of the Clinical Governance and Care Committee

## Ian Roberts

Non-Executive Director

Ian  was  a  Director  of  the  Group  on  listing  on  7  October 2014. Prior to listing, Ian had been a Director of Fairway Investment Holdings Pty Ltd 1 since May 2007.

Ian has over 30 years' experience in the real estate sector including 20 years in residential aged care.

1 Fairway Investment Holdings Pty Ltd converted to Regis Healthcare Limited on listing in October 2014

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

Prior to co-leading the Regis journey, Ian was involved in property  development  (sub-divisional  and  commercial)  in South East Queensland.

As a founding shareholder and Director of Regis (Executive  Director  prior  to  2008),  Ian  headed  up  the property  division  with  oversight  of  the  development  and implementation of the strategy that saw the business grow to in excess of 4,500 beds nationally.

Ian is currently a Non-Executive Director of several property and property services enterprises.

Ian  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Science  (Surveying)  from  the Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology.

Special responsibilities:

- -Chairman of Property Committee
- -Member of the People and Remuneration Committee

## Sally Freeman

Independent Non-Executive Director

Appointed to the Board on 17 January 2022, Sally's career spans  over  25  years,  having  worked  as  a  Partner  at KPMG and Ernst &amp; Young, with a focus on audit and risk management. Sally  is currently  a  Non-Executive  Director at Eastern Health, Regional Investment Corporation, Melbourne  Football  Club,  Suburban  Rail  Loop  Authority and  ASX-listed  Netwealth  Group  limited  and  Netwealth Superannuation Services. She also serves as an independent member of the audit committees of HealthShare Victoria, Caulfield Grammar and Commonwealth Games Australia.

Sally is an experienced audit, risk and compliance committee  Chair  and  previously  served  as  committee member for the Royal Children's Hospital, Uniting Church VIC/TAS, and VicHealth. She is also a past Non-Executive Director of KPMG  Actuarial Pty Ltd and Swinburne University.

Sally holds a Bachelor of Commerce from the University of Western  Australia and  is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Chartered Accountants. She  is a Global Certified  Information  Systems  Auditor,  a  Graduate  of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, a Fellow of the Victorian Williamson  Leadership Program and a member of Chief Executive Women.

Listed company directorships (last 3 years):

- -Netwealth Group Limited (ASX:NWL) (October 2019 to present)

47

Directors' Report

## Sally Freeman (continued)

Independent Non-Executive Director

Special responsibilities:

- -Chairman of the Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee since 17 January 2022
- -Member of the People and Remuneration Committee since 22 February 2022
- -Member of the Clinical Governance and Care Committee since 22 February 2022

## Sylvia Falzon

Independent Non-Executive Director (appointed September 2014; retired 26 October 2021)

Sylvia  has  held  senior  executive  positions within the financial services industry over a 30-year career. Through her  executive  and  non-executive career,  she  has  gained extensive  experience  working  in  large  consumer-facing and highly regulated businesses within the financial services, healthcare, retail and aged care sectors.

Currently an Independent Non-Executive Director of ASX listed companies Premier Investments Limited and Suncorp Group Limited, Sylvia is also Chairman of Cabrini Australia,  a  large  not-for-profit  health,  technology  and outreach organisation.

Sylvia holds a Master's degree in Industrial Relations and Human Resource Management (Hons) from the University of Sydney and a Bachelor of Business from the University of  Western  Sydney.  She  is  a Senior Fellow of the Financial Services Institute and a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors.

Listed company directorships (last 3 years):

- -Premier  Investments  Limited  (appointed  16  March 2018)
- -Suncorp  Group  Limited (appointed  1  September 2018)
- -Zebit Incorporated (12 August 2020 to March 2022)

## Matthew Quinn

Independent Non-Executive Director (appointed March 2018; retired 26 October 2021)

Matthew  has  a  track  record  of  strategy  development, delivering financial results and driving operational efficiency as a senior real estate and property development executive. He has a deep understanding of strategic M&amp;A, capital markets and regulatory environments.

Matthew was Managing Director of Stockland for 13 years and is currently a Non-Executive Director of CSR Limited and Elders Limited, and TSA Management Group Holdings Pty Ltd.

Matthew  holds  a  Bachelor  of  Science  in  Chemistry  with Management  (1st  Class  Honours)  from  Imperial  College London and is a qualified Chartered Accountant.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

Listed company directorships (last three years):

- -Elders Limited (2020 to present)
- -CSR Limited (2013 to present)
- -Class Limited (2015 to February 2022)

## Interests in the Shares of the Group

As at the date of this  report, the  interests of the Directors in the ordinary shares of Regis Healthcare are the same  as those disclosed on page 69 of the Remuneration Report.

## Malcolm Ross

General Counsel and Company Secretary

Malcolm Ross leads the legal and governance team,  having joined Regis as General Counsel and Company Secretary in November 2021.

Malcolm  has  practised  law  for  over  20  years  locally and internationally and has gained extensive experience in listed companies in legal counsel, General Counsel and Company  Secretary  positions. Malcolm  has  worked  in  law  firms  and  in-house  at  Boom Logistics Limited (ASX: BOL), an industrial services business and IHG Plc (FTSE: IHG), a hotel business.

Malcolm  was admitted as a Barrister and Solicitor of the Supreme Court of Victoria in November 1997 and holds a Bachelor of Business (Banking and Finance), Bachelor of Laws, Master of Laws and Graduate Diploma in Applied Corporate Governance.

## Rebecca Dean

## Deputy Company Secretary

Rebecca Dean was Acting Company Secretary for the  period 16 July 2021  to  7  November  2021  and remains Regis' Deputy Company Secretary. With experience  in both  private  practice  and  in-house  legal roles,  Rebecca was  admitted  as  a Barrister  and Solicitor of  the  Supreme  Court  of  Victoria  in  April  2008,  and holds  a  Bachelor  of  Arts  and  Bachelor  of  Commerce from Monash  University  and a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) from La Trobe University.

## Principal Activities

The Group's principal activity during the year was the provision of residential aged care services. No significant changes occurred to these activities during the year.

48

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review

As at 30 June 2022, the Group owned and operated 64 residential aged care homes with over 7,000 operational places, and provided residential aged care services in six States and the Northern Territory. In addition, Regis, through retirement living, manages over 570 retirement village units across ten retirement villages and affordable housing communities. Regis also offers home care services.

## Business Model

Regis aims to provide quality care to meet the growing needs of Australia's elderly population. This is achieved through a focus on the following core areas:

- -Care delivery :  Supporting  personal  care  and  clinical  staff  to  deliver  a  quality  care  experience  in  a  home  environment across the physical, mental and social wellbeing of residents and clients.
- -Focused and well-resourced risk management : Regis has robust systems and processes in place to manage clinical care  and  governance  and  the  broader  business'  operational  risks,  including  those  that  relate  to  aged  care  legislative compliance and health and safety.
- -Vertical integration :  The  spectrum  of  activities  Regis  undertakes  includes analysis  of each  proposed residential aged care home's catchment area, site identification, site acquisition, brownfield/greenfield development, home operation and asset renewal.
- -Strong cash flow generation: Regis aims to achieve and maintain strong cash flow from operations, which it augments with a focus on the receipt and profitable use of Refundable Accommodation Deposits (RADs). The Group leverages its RAD cash inflows from developments to facilitate the repayment of acquisition and development related debt.
- -High quality portfolio : Homes are primarily located in metropolitan areas with high median house prices. The homes are typically modern with a high proportion of single rooms and an emphasis on lifestyle and supported living.
- -Scalable platform : Regis has invested in scalable business processes supported by IT systems, and in-house resources, to facilitate growth through acquisitions and developments.

## Review and Results of Operations

To assist in the evaluation of the financial performance of the Group, certain measures are used that are not recognised under Australian Accounting Standards or International Financial Reporting Standards ('IFRS') and therefore, these are considered to be  non-IFRS  measures.  Underlying  Earnings  before  interest,  tax,  depreciation  and  amortisation  ('Underlying  EBITDA') 2 is reported in order to provide a greater understanding of the performance of the Group. All other amounts reported below are recognised and measured in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

A summary of the financial results for the year ended 30 June 2022 is set out below:

| 2022  2021  For the year ended  $'000  $'000  % Change  Revenue from services  725,333  701,365  3.4%  Other income  71,621  83,037  (13.7%)  Underlying EBITDA  78,127  72,068  8.4%  Net profit after tax before amortisation of operational places (NPATA)  3,927  19,949  (80.3%)  Net profit after tax (NPAT)  (38,799)  19,949  (294.5%)  Basic earnings per share  (12.90) cents  6.63 cents  (294.6%)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2 Non-IFRS  financial  information  has  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  ASIC  Regulatory  Guide  230  -  Disclosing  non-IFRS  financial information, issued in December 2011. Non-IFRS financial information, while not subject to an audit or review, has been extracted from the Financial Report, which has been subject to review by the Group's external auditors. Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ('Underlying EBITDA'), which excludes imputed income on RADs and Bonds of $62,444,000 (30 June 2021: $64,389,000), $24,513,000 of net COVID-19 outbreak expenses and other one-off items, and includes operating lease expense of $1,423,000 (30 June 2021:  $1,383,000),  is  reported  in  order  to  provide  shareholders  with  a  greater  understanding  of  the  performance  of  the  Group.  A reconciliation of profit before income tax to Underlying EBITDA is provided on page 47 .

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

49

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Review and Results of Operations (continued)

A summary of revenue from services for the year ended 30 June 2022 is set out below:

| 2022  2021  For the year ended  $'000  $'000  Government funded revenue  517,858  499,864  Resident basic daily fee revenue  120,588  117,442  Other resident revenue  79,449  76,287  Other operating revenue  5,155  5,870  Deferred management fee revenue  2,283  1,902  Revenue from services  725,333  701,365   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from services for the year ended 30 June 2022 included:

- -$22,919,000  (30  June  2021:  $nil)  of  Government  Basic  Daily  Fee  (BDF)  Supplement  received  from  1  July  2021, representing $10 per resident, per day. This additional revenue was announced in the 2021-22 Federal Budget as part of the Australian Government's response to the Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety.
- -Nil (30 June 2021: $6,813,000) of COVID-19 Government funding
- -Nil (30 June 2021: $913,000) of COVID-19 temporary uplift in the Aged Care Funding Instrument (ACFI)
- -Nil (30 June 2021: $5,400,000) of one-off Government funding

A summary of other income for the year ended 30 June 2022 is set out below:

| 2022  2021  For the year ended  $'000  $'000  Imputed income on RADs and Bonds  3  62,444  64,389  Interest income  9  14  Government grants  3,248  4,156  Gain on disposal of non-current assets  -  2,818  Change in fair value of investment property  5,920  11,660  Other income  71,621  83,037   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in other income was COVID-19 outbreak Government grants of $3,248,000 (30 June 2021: $4,156,000) relating to the first  half  of  the  financial  year.  Further  claims  for  COVID-19  outbreak  Government  grants  amounting  to  approximately $19,000,000 to $21,000,000 have been/will be submitted for the second half of the financial year ended 30 June 2022. Regis has been advised by the Department of Health and Aged Care (DHAC) that due to the significant impact of the COVID-19 Omicron  variant,  large  volumes  of  COVID-19  outbreak  grant  reimbursements/agreements  are  being  processed  and  this  is causing significant delays in approving submitted claims. As a result, Regis expects to receive approval from the DHAC for claims submitted during the 30 June 2023 financial year.

The change  in  fair  value  of  investment  property  represents  the  gain  recognised  from  the  external  valuation  of  the  Group's retirement villages and retirement village development sites.

Despite COVID-19, including the significant impact of the Omicron variant, occupancy rates across the residential aged care portfolio remained stable in resident numbers but increased in percentage terms to 89.8% (30 June 2021: 88.9%) reflecting the business' decision to remove multi-bed rooms from a number of homes.

3 Following adoption of AASB 16 Leases effective 1 July 2019, profit/loss before income tax for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 includes income on RADs and Bonds of $62,444,000 (2021: $64,389,000) and, correspondingly, finance costs of $62,444,000 (2021: $64,389,000) with no net impact on profit or loss. The Group also recognised depreciation and interest costs totalling $990,000 (2021: $993,000) and $332,000 (2021: $381,000) respectively. Prior to the introduction of AASB 16 Leases , the Group would have recognised an operating lease expense of $1,423,000 (2021: $1,383,000).

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

50

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review (continued)

## Review and Results of Operations (continued)

A reconciliation of profit/(loss) before income tax to Underlying EBITDA is set out below:

| 2022  2021  For the year ended  $'000  $'000  Profit/(Loss) before income tax  (55,185)  29,150  Add back/(deduct):  Imputed income on RADs and bonds  4  (62,444)  (64,389)  Depreciation  4  42,070  43,893  Amortisation of operational places  61,037  -  Finance costs  4  70,381  73,997  Finance income  (9)  (14)  Operating lease expense  (1,423)  (1,383)  COVID-19 Government funding and grants  (3,248)  (11,882)  COVID-19 outbreak related expenses  27,761  11,800  Profit on sale of assets  -  (2,818)  Cyber-security costs  -  672  Net fair value gain on investment property (refer Note C7 to Financial Report)  (3,022)  (9,158)  Impact of regulatory penalties  -  2,200  Professional services costs incurred in relation to potential employee underpayments  program of work  2,209  -  Underlying EBITDA  78,127  72,068   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## COVID-19 Pandemic

Regis  has  continued  to  be  impacted  by  COVID-19  including  the  Omicron  outbreak  from  mid-December  2021.  Regis  has implemented  Outbreak  Management  Plans  across  impacted  homes.  Residents  have  continued  to  be  provided  with  care, services  and  support,  and  the  Group  has  provided  updates to  residents,  families  and  employees  of  impacted  homes.  High levels  of  vaccination  rates  have  provided  additional  protection  to  residents  and  staff  against  the  outbreaks.  The  Group continues to work closely with health and regulatory authorities.

During the financial year, the Group experienced significantly increased staff expenses including additional overtime and use of agency contractors due to staff shortages caused by pre-existing sector workforce challenges compounded by border closures and the direct impact of COVID-19. Increased staff expenses due to the impact of Enterprise Agreements were only partially offset by the 1 July 2021 indexation increase (1.1%) applied by the Australian Government to aged care funding. The additional Government Basic Daily Fee Supplement received from 1 July 2021 was largely offset by increased compliance and reporting costs.

The  Group  incurred  COVID-19  outbreak  costs  of  $27,800,000  including  incremental  staff  expenses,  personal  protective equipment, infection prevention and control, and employee welfare.

A major issue facing aged care providers is that the spread of the COVID-19 Omicron variant has placed additional strain on a workforce that had already been experiencing significant pressure. The ongoing presence of the COVID-19 virus has led to additional staffing disruption and financial pressures. Regis has in place in-house specialist infection control expertise, robust operational controls and detailed business continuity plans.  The Company continues to review the progress of the COVID-19 pandemic and take necessary steps to protect the health, well-being and safety of residents, clients and employees.

4 Following adoption of AASB 16 Leases effective 1 July 2019, as detailed in Note B2, profit/loss before income tax for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 includes income on RADs and Bonds of $62,444,000 (2021: $64,389,000) and, correspondingly, finance costs of $62,444,000 (2021:  $64,389,000)  with  no  net  impact  on  profit  or  loss.  The  Group  also  recognised  depreciation  and  interest  costs  totalling  $990,000 (2021: $993,000) and $332,000 (2021: $381,000) respectively.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

51

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review (continued)

Review and Results of Operations (continued)

## COVID-19 Pandemic (continued)

Vaccination  of  residents  and  workforce  has  required  substantial  effort  and  coordination.  Regis  has  actively  promoted vaccination  which  has  been  shown  to  be  highly  protective  against  death  and  serious  illness  from  COVID-19.  Regis  is  in partnership  with  a  workplace  occupational  health  provider  that  is  experienced  in  running  complex  vaccination  programs  for large, national institutions to provide COVID-19 and influenza vaccinations to all our residents and staff. As of 19 August 2022, 81.0% of residents have had their fourth COVID-19 booster shot. Regis is currently providing the fourth COVID-19 booster shot to eligible staff.

On 1 February 2022, as part of the Australian Government's commitment to the ongoing COVID-19 response, the Australian Government announced it will provide $210 million to support the aged care workforce, in recognition of their dedication in continuing to care for older Australians during the COVID pandemic. During the financial year, Regis received $4,878,000 for the aged care workforce bonus, which was subsequently paid to eligible employees in April and May 2022.

## Deregulation of Operational Places

In response to the Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety's final report, the Australian Government announced in  the  2021-22  Federal  Budget  that  it  would  be  investing  $17.7  billion  into  an  aged  care  reform  package.  As  part  of  this package,  there  will  be  no  further  Aged  Care  Approval  Rounds  (ACAR).  From  1  July  2024,  residential  aged  care  places (operational places or bed licences) will be assigned directly to senior Australians, giving consumers more control to choose an approved provider that best suits their residential aged care needs.

The Australian Government has announced its decision to discontinue operational places from 1 July 2024. In accordance with Accounting Standards and the guidelines issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ('ASIC'), as well as the  Group's  current  understanding  of  the  relevant  legislation  and  transitional  arrangements  relating  to  the  removal  of operational places, the Group has reassessed the useful life of its operational places. Consequently, Regis has commenced amortising the value of operational places from 1 October 2021 on a straight-line basis over their remaining economic life to 1 July 2024. This has resulted in a before tax amortisation expense in the profit and loss for the year ended 30 June 2022 of $61,037,000 with no impact to the cash flows of the Group. In addition, a related deferred tax liability of $18,311,000 has been partially reversed

The reassessment of useful life is considered to be a change in accounting estimate under Australian Accounting Standard AASB 108 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors.

The intended market deregulation of operational places presents new opportunities for Regis to invest in geographic areas previously not open to the Group. The removal of operational places will most likely increase competition around quality of care, service and accommodation, which presents an advantage to providers such as Regis who have a strong balance sheet and access to capital to further develop the sector.

## Potential Employee Entitlement Underpayments

As disclosed in the 2021 Annual Financial Report, Regis announced to the ASX on 9 August 2021 that it had identified potential underpayments of employee entitlements to certain current and former employees under its enterprise agreements.

These payment shortfalls had arisen because some employee entitlements due under various enterprise agreements were recorded inaccurately in the payroll system. This has led to incorrect payments to a number of employees.

Regis, with the assistance of external advisors, has commenced a review to determine the extent of the underpayments. While this review is ongoing, based on further analysis undertaken during the financial year, Regis has increased the provision from $35,000,000 to $37,700,000 at 30 June 2022.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

52

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review (continued)

## Review and Results of Operations (continued)

## Cash Flow and Capital Expenditure

The  Group's  principal  source  of  funds  was  its  cash  flow  from  operations  (including  RADs).  Net  cash  flows  from  operating activities  in  the  financial  year  ended  30  June  2022  were  $114,793,000  (30  June  2021:  $105,030,000).  RAD  and accommodation bond net inflows were $83,940,000 (30 June 2021: $37,732,000).

During  the  year,  the  Group  invested  $48,648,000  in  capital  expenditure  for  ongoing  development,  replacement  and refurbishment of existing facilities (30 June 2021: $18,836,000).

Investment in new residential aged care homes has generally paused due to the continued lack of certainty in relation to the financial  impact  of  future  Federal  Government  funding  and  policy.    However,  the  Group  has  recommenced  planning  for  its greenfield residential aged care development in Camberwell, Victoria.

For the remaining developments in the pipeline, activities such as preparing land for commencement, development approvals and design documentation are underway in readiness to commence construction once funding certainty is obtained.

During the year, the Group repaid $36,450,000 (30 June 2021: $100,367,000) of bank borrowings assisted by net RAD inflows. Net debt at 30 June 2022 was $102,910,000 (30 June 2021: $142,462,000), a reduction of $39,552,000 (27.8%) on the prior corresponding period, and represented a leverage ratio 5 of 1.6 times (30 June 2021: 2.0 times).

The Group has a $515,000,000 syndicated debt bank facility, which provides sufficient liquidity to meet the Group's currently anticipated cash flow requirements. In March 2022, the Group refinanced its $150,000,000 facility, which has been extended to March 2026. The Group's remaining $365,000,0000 debt facility matures in March 2024. As at 30 June 2022, undrawn bank facilities of $417,207,000 are also available should they need to be drawn.

## Oneview Healthcare PLC

On 21 December 2020, Oneview Healthcare PLC lodged a claim in the Supreme Court of Victoria against the Group seeking damages for alleged breach of a collaboration agreement between the two parties. In May 2022, Regis fully settled the dispute with Oneview Healthcare PLC. The settlement had no impact on Regis' financial result for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## Clinical Governance Framework

Regis has long-established clinical governance systems and processes, including the Regis Care Strategic Quality and Clinical Governance Framework.  Regis continues  to  refine  and  update  its  systems  and  processes  in  line  with  best  practice,  sector reform and regulatory changes.

## Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety

The Australian Government called the Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety for the purposes of ensuring that the oldest and most vulnerable Australians receive care that supports and respects their dignity and recognises the contribution they have made to society. The Royal Commission Final Report made 148 recommendations.

The 2021-22 Federal Budget proposed a $17.7 billion aged care reform package. The funding is to be provided over 5 years from 2020/21 to 2024/25.

5 Leverage ratio is based on rolling 12-month underlying EBITDA (pre-AASB 16 Leases )  as a ratio of net debt. Net debt is calculated as interest-bearing liabilities, less cash and cash equivalents.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

53

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review (continued)

## Review and Results of Operations (continued)

Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety (continued)

The reforms are split across five key pillars:

-  Pillar 1 - $7.5 billion for Home Care.
-  Pillar 2 - $7.8 billion for Residential Aged Care Services &amp; Sustainability, including $3.9 billion to increase the amount of front-line care (care minutes) delivered to residents and $3.2 billion to support providers to deliver better care and services through the Government funded Basic Daily Fee Supplement from 1 July 2021.
-  Pillar 3 - $942 million for Residential Aged Care Quality and Safety.
-  Pillar  4  -  $652  million  support  for  the  Workforce  including  the  creation  of  a  single  workforce  to  undertake  all  resident assessments and to  provide  registered  nurses  working  for  the  same  aged  care  provider  over  a  12-month  period  with financial support.
-  Pillar  5  -  $698.3  million  for  consumers  in  regional,  rural  and  remote  areas,  as  well  as  new  governance  and  advisory structures.

A new Aged Care Act will underpin the reforms.

Regis continues to work with consumers, the Australian Government and stakeholders on advancing aged care reform. Regis is committed to delivering consistently high quality and safe care to its residents.

## Dividends

An  interim dividend of 3.52  cents  per ordinary  share  totalling  $10,600,000  (50%  franked)  for  the  half-year  ended 31 December 2022 was paid on 8 April 2022.

On 24 August 2022, the Board of Directors resolved to pay a final dividend of 2.32 cents per ordinary share totalling $6,979,343 (50% franked) for the year ended 30 June 2022 payable on 30 September 2022 (record date 16 September 2022).

## Australian National Aged Care Classification (AN-ACC) Care Funding Model

From 1 October 2022, the Australian National Aged Care Classification (AN-ACC) will replace the current Aged Care Funding Instrument (ACFI).

The AN-ACC model operates by providing funding according to the needs of residents. This is driven through characteristics of each residential aged care home and the needs of individual residents. The AN-ACC funding model aims to provide:

-  Funding that better matches resident care needs;
-  Independent assessments of residents' needs for funding purposes; and
-  A new method for annual changes in prices/indexation, informed by independent costing studies and advice.

In preparation for the new funding model, Regis has participated in shadow assessments of its residents and has assessed the potential impact of future funding to the business.

In addition, the Australian Government has also committed to introducing the following requirements in relation to care minutes:

-  Requirement to have a registered nurse on site 24 hours a day from 1 July 2023;
-  Sector-wide average of 200 of minutes of care time, including an average of 40 minutes of registered nurse time from 1 October 2023 (funding for this requirement will start from 1 October 2022); and
-  Sector-wide average of 215 minutes of care, including an average of 44 minutes of registered nurse time, from 1 October 2024.

Further guidance is expected from the Government on the detailed operational make-up of AN-ACC, particularly in relation to work to define the parameters of the care minutes mandate, which may impact Regis' future profitability. Regis expects the increase in Government revenue to be offset by an increase in staff costs to meet the Government's mandated average of 200 care minutes per resident per day.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

54

Directors' Report

## Operating and Financial Review (continued)

## Review and Results of Operations (continued)

## Australian National Aged Care Classification (AN-ACC) Funding Model (continued)

Regis continues to proactively work with Government and the industry peak body to support the development of an effective funding and care model, including addressing challenges relating to staff shortages.

## Outlook

Given insufficient clarity over the financial impact of the new AN-ACC funding model, the ongoing challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic and labour shortages, the Board does not believe it prudent to put forward any earnings guidance at this stage. A business update will be provided at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 25 October 2022.

## Likely Developments and Expected Results

The Group's growth strategy continues to include the following four levers:

- -Greenfield aged care and retirement living developments
- -Residential aged care and home care acquisitions
- -Expansion and reconfiguration of existing facilities
- -Residential aged care portfolio acquisition opportunities as they arise.

Other than the likely developments disclosed above and elsewhere in this report, no matters or circumstances have arisen which significantly affected or may significantly affect the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of the affairs of the Group in future financial years.

## Significant Changes in the State of Affairs

No  other  changes  in  the  state  of  affairs  arose  during  the  year  which  significantly  affected  or  may  significantly  affect  the operations of the Group, the results of those operations, or the state of affairs of the Group in subsequent financial years.

## Subsequent Events

## COVID-19 Pandemic

Regis anticipates ongoing COVID-19 additional costs in both outbreak and non-outbreak homes associated with staff expenses and infection prevention and control including the use of personal protective equipment (PPE) and rapid antigen test kits.

Depending on the on-going spread of the virus, it also has the potential to continue to significantly disrupt the financial position of the Group including a decline in occupancy levels and significantly increased costs to continue to protect residents, clients and staff. The Group continues to work closely with health and regulatory authorities.

## Regulatory Penalty

On  11  August  2022,  the  Aged  Care  Quality  and  Safety  Commission  (ACQSC)  applied  regulatory  penalties  to  Regis  Port Coogee of a Sanction and Notice to Agree (NTA). Regis has complied  with  all  actions and requirements stipulated by the ACQSC under the NTA and will be seeking review of the Sanction.

## Other Matters

No  other  matters  or  circumstances  have  arisen  since  the  end  of  the  financial  year  which  significantly  affected  or  may significantly  affect the operations of  the  Group,  the  results of those operations, or the state of  affairs of the Group in future periods.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

55

Directors' Report

## Key Business Risks

The following risks identified by the Group represent potential threats to its operational performance and growth strategy. The Group has a risk management framework in place to manage the risks identified.

| Risk description  Mitigant  ## Changes to the Regulatory Framework   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Australian Aged Care industry is highly regulated by the Australian Government. Regulatory change to the aged care industry may have an adverse impact on the way the Group promotes,  manages  and  operates  its  facilities  and  on  its financial performance.

The introduction of new legislation or changes in Government policies  in  relation  to  any  or  all  of  the  existing  legislation, including  fees  and  charges,  may  adversely  impact  Regis' financial performance and future prospects. This includes the introduction  of  a  new  consumer-focused Aged Care  Act and fee structure as announced by the Government in response to the  recommendations  of  the  Royal  Commission  into  Aged Care Quality and Safety.

From  1  October  2022,  the  Australian  National  Aged  Care Classification  (AN-ACC)  will  replace  the  current  Aged  Care Funding  Instrument  (ACFI).  The  Australian  Government  has also  committed  to  changing  requirements  in  relation  to  care minutes from 1 October 2023.

## Regis' RADs level may fluctuate

The value of Regis' RADs (formerly known as Accommodation Bonds)  may  fluctuate  due  to  a  range  of  factors.  RADs  are refunded after  a  resident's  departure. While  individual  RADs are  generally replaced in a short period of time, often with a RAD  of  equal  or  higher  value,  Regis  is  exposed  to  risks associated with repayment and future sale of RADs.

The effect of these risks may be that the value and number of new RADs Regis receives may be  reduced and it may take longer  for  Regis  to  reach  agreement  with  new  residents  or collect RADs.

## Occupancy levels may fall

In  the  ordinary  course  of  business,  Regis  faces the  risk  that occupancy  levels  at  any  of  its  individual  facilities  may  fall below  expectations  due  to  a  number  of  factors,  including adverse  consumer  sentiment  to  the  industry  generally  or Regis specifically, reputational damage, and loss of accreditation.

Reduced  occupancy  levels  at  a  number  of  facilities  may adversely affect Regis' revenue and general financial performance as it would reduce the amount of funding Regis is entitled to, and the number and value of RADs.

The Group has robust systems and processes in place to manage  business  operational  risks,  including  those  that relate to aged care legislative compliance.

In  preparation  for  the  new  funding  model,  Regis  has participated  in  shadow  assessments  of  its  residents  and has assessed the potential impact of future funding to the business.

Regis continues to proactively  work  with  Government  and the  industry  peak  body  to  support  the  development  of  an effective funding and care model.

The Group monitors its RAD level and liquidity risk through monthly reporting and rolling cash flow forecasts.

The  Group  maintains  a  liquidity  management  strategy  to ensure that  it  has  sufficient  liquidity  to  enable  it  to  refund RAD and accommodation bond balances that are expected to fall due within at least the next 12 months.

Demographic  factors  will  lead  to  significant  demand  in service provision. The Group operates a large and geographically  diversified  portfolio  of  well  located,  high quality facilities with a history of providing excellent care.

The  reputation  of  individual  facilities  is  central  to  Regis' sales  and  marketing  strategy,  which  is  complemented  by the quality of the Group's facility staff, supporting sales and marketing applications and the strength of Regis' relationship with intermediaries including placement agents and medical professionals.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

56

Directors' Report

## Key Business Risks (continued)

| ## Risk description  Mitigant  ## Facilities may lose their approvals or accreditation   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aged  care  homes  are  required  to  hold  approvals  and  be accredited in various ways, including clinical care requirements.  These  approvals  are  generally  subject  to periodic review and may be revoked in certain circumstances.

Aged  care  homes  need  approvals  and  accreditations  to attract  funding.  If  Regis  does  not  comply  with  regulations and is unable to secure accreditation for the operation of its aged care homes and resident places in the future, or if any of its existing approvals are adversely amended or revoked, this may adversely impact Regis' financial performance.

Further, if Regis is required to undertake facility refurbishments  or  make  significant  structural  changes  to facility buildings in order to retain its approvals or accreditations,  the  cost  of  those  works  may  impact  its profitability and cash flows.

## Regis' reputation may be damaged

Regis operates in a commercially sensitive industry in which its  reputation  could  be  adversely  impacted  should  it  or  the aged  care  industry generally,  suffer  from  any  adverse publicity.

Examples  of adverse publicity may  include reports of inappropriate  care  of  residents,  inquiries  or  investigations relating to the operation of aged care homes or incidents at aged care homes, health and safety issues affecting residents, staff or visitors, failure to ensure homes are well maintained or poor service delivery at homes.

If  there  were  to  be  any  such  adverse  publicity,  this  may reduce the number of existing residents at Regis' homes or Regis' ability to attract  new  residents to its homes,  both of which may adversely impact Regis' profitability.

Adverse  media coverage  may  also lead to increased regulatory  scrutiny  which  could  have  a  material  adverse effect  on  Regis'  revenue  and  profitability  by,  for  example, increased compliance costs.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

Regis has policies and procedures in place that align with the accreditation standards.

Service  delivery  is  monitored  through  the  Quality  Indicator program,  audit  and  review  processes,  consumer  feedback and experience mechanisms and care planning and assessment tools, to ensure ongoing compliance with clinical care and other requirements for accreditation.

Regis  has  developed  and  delivered  training  to  ensure  that employees  understand  the  key  role  they  play  in  upholding these standards.

The  Group  seeks  to  avoid  reputational  damage  through  a strong control environment and enforcement of robust policies and procedures, to meet community and stakeholder expectations.

In  addition  to  upholding  the  accreditation  standards,  Regis has  policies  and  processes  in  place  addressing  a  range  of topics including, but not limited to, health and safety management,  bullying  and  harassment,  and  bribery  and corruption.

Incidents or potential incidents that occur at a home level are escalated to the Executive.  Investigations are conducted and actions implemented as findings indicate.

57

Directors' Report

## Key Business Risks (continued)

| ## Risk description  ## Mitigant  ## Information technology and cyber risks   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cyber threats are constantly evolving, including from foreign groups targeting individuals and companies based in Australia  and  sophisticated  phishing  scams  and  cyberattacks targeting the critical infrastructure that Regis manages.

The privacy and security of resident and corporate information may be compromised in many ways, including a breach of IT systems and vendors' systems, unauthorised or inadvertent release of information or human error.

Should  the  Group's  systems  be  compromised,  it  could impact  residents'  trust,  damage  the  Group's  brand  and reputation, and potentially significantly disrupt operations.

## Increased competition may affect Regis' competitive position

Each  aged  care  home  has  its  own character  and is effectively  operating  in  its  own  local  area  (referred  to  as  a catchment  area).  The  competition  faced  by  aged  care operators is mainly experienced at the home level within the relevant catchment area.

A  substantial  increase  in  the  level  of  competition  Regis faces  across  its  portfolio  of  homes  could  result  in,  among other  things,  Regis  experiencing  lower  than  anticipated occupancy rates, reduced revenue and margins and loss of market share.

This may have a material adverse effect on Regis' financial performance  at  the  home  level,  and  if  this  was  to  occur across a number of homes, this may reduce Regis' ability to achieve its strategic objectives.

## Regis may not be able to retain key management

Regis relies on a specialised  management  team  with significant aged care industry knowledge and experience.

If Regis is not able to retain key members of its management  team,  Regis  may  not  be  able  to  operate  its business  to  the  current  standard,  which  may  undermine Regis'  ability  to  comply  with  regulations  and  may  reduce demand  for  Regis'  services  from  existing  and  prospective residents. These occurrences may adversely impact Regis' business operations including its ability to grow.

Hardware  and  software  obsolescence  are  being  addressed with various measures including an assessment to move to a Cloud environment where appropriate, modernise data centres and upgrade applications.

The  Group  has  a  number  of  strategies  to  manage  cyber threats, which include  access security controls, security monitoring, business continuity management, disaster recovery processes and off-site back-up facilities. The strength  and  effectiveness  of  these  strategies  are  regularly assessed and improved as appropriate.

The  residential  aged  care  sector  is  highly  regulated  by  the Government in relation to both the supply of new places and the ongoing operation of homes, creating natural barriers to entry for incoming market participants. These barriers include:

-  Government's policy of controlled release of new aged care places; 6
-  Obtaining initial places and high levels of ongoing regulatory compliance;
-  Initial capital investment requirement for new entrants;
-  Access to specialist skill set required to operate facilities;
-  Annual  competitive  process  for  new  places  which  favours established, reputable and compliant operators.

The Group has several core programs that  are designed to identify  and  develop  employees  with  specialist  skill  sets required for key management and leadership positions.

Surveys  are  conducted  to  regularly  evaluate  culture  and employee engagement.

6 As  part  of  the  response  to  the  Royal  Commission's  Final  Report,  the  Australian  Government  announced  its  intention  to  discontinue Aged Care Approvals Round (ACAR) from 1 July 2024.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

58

Directors' Report

## Key Business Risks (continued)

| Risk description  Mitigant  Regis may face medical indemnity and public liability claims, litigations and coronial enquiries   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Aged care service providers such as Regis are exposed to the  risk  of  medical  indemnity  and  public  liability  claims, litigation  and  coronial  inquests.  Subject  to  the  insurance arrangements that Regis has in place at the relevant time, any  actual  or  threatened  medical  malpractice  or  public liability  litigation  against  Regis  could  cause  Regis  to  incur significant  expenditure  and  may  adversely  impact  Regis' future financial performance. If the costs of medical malpractice  or  public  liability  insurance  were  to  rise,  this could  also  adversely affect Regis'  financial performance. If Regis is involved in actual or threatened litigation or coronial enquiries,  the  cost  of  such  actions  may  adversely  affect Regis'  financial  performance  and  may  also  give  rise  to adverse publicity.

## Regis may not be able to attract and retain skilled and trained employees

Regis' business is dependent on its specialised health and aged care staff. There is a risk that Regis may not be able to maintain  or  expand  an  appropriately  skilled  and  trained workforce  that  is  able  to  meet  the  existing  or  future  care needs of residents.  If this type  of  risk  was  to  eventuate,  it may increase Regis' costs and reduce its profitability.

## COVID-19 Pandemic

The  COVID-19  outbreak  was  declared  a  pandemic  by  the World  Health  Organisation  in  March  2020.    Residents  in residential  aged  care  are  highly  vulnerable  to  the  serious effects  of  COVID-19  infection.  The  pandemic  has  created significant  uncertainty  for  the  residential  aged  care  sector. The unprecedented nature of the pandemic makes  it impossible to know when this uncertainty will be resolved.

Regis has experienced COVID-19 outbreaks at several of its homes  during  each  wave  of  the  virus.  The  spread  of COVID-19  in  a  home  may  lead  to  a  sizeable  decline  in occupancy if  resident  discharges  are  not  matched  by  new resident admissions. Staff shortages may result from workers contracting the virus or from a requirement to selfisolate  after  exposure  to  the  virus.  In  addition,  the  Group may  have  difficulty  retaining  staff  for  its  own  homes  if  an outbreak occurs across multiple homes within a region.

Clinical governance is an integral component of the Group's corporate governance framework. It ensures that all members of  the  Group,  from  frontline  clinicians  to  members  of  the Board are accountable to care recipients and their representatives for assuring the delivery of safe, effective and continuously improving clinical and personal care services.

The Group has a Clinical Governance and Care Committee, which  comprises  members  of  the  Board  and  is  chaired  by Professor Christine Bennett AO.

Regis has a robust framework in place to learn from incidents that have occurred, including deaths that have been reported to the Coroner. Remedial actions are implemented across the business if gaps in care are identified. Open disclosure forms an integral part of this framework.

Regis is committed to shaping its future workforce, attracting and retaining the right people through its Diversity Policy and professional development programs, and providing meaningful career paths and opportunities.

The  Group  provides  training  to  all  staff  to  ensure  they  are equipped with the specialised skills required to deliver quality aged care.

The Group develops strategies to address any risks identified as a result of regular employee engagement surveys conducted.

A  key  focus  of  the  Group  is  clinical  leadership  and  clinical governance.

Overseen  by  Regis'  Pandemic  Planning  Committee  and supported  by  the  Board  of  Directors,  Regis  has  in  place robust operational controls including detailed Outbreak Management Plans for each home.

Regis partnered with a Workplace Occupational Health Provider experienced in running complex vaccination programs  for large, national institutions to  implement  a nationwide COVID-19 staff vaccination program.

As of 19 August 2022, 81.0% of eligible residents have had their fourth COVID-19  booster shot. Regis is currently providing  the fourth  COVID-19 booster shot to eligible  staff. Regis homes have infection and preventional control nurses assigned to this role.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

59

Directors' Report

## Directors' Meetings

Details of the number 1 of Board and Committee meetings held during the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and attendance by Directors as members are as follows:

| Directors'  Meetings  Audit, Risk and  Compliance  Committee  People and  Remuneration  Committee  Clinical  Governance and  Care committee  Property  Committee  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  Held  Attended  G Hodges  19  19  4  4  3  3  2  2  -  -  L Mellors  19  19  -  -  -  -  -  -  1  1  C Bennett  19  19  3  3  1  1  4  4  1  1  B Dorman  19  19  4  4  -  -  4  4  -  -  S Freeman  9  9  2  2  1  1  1  1  -  -  I Roberts  19  19  -  -  3  3  -  -  1  1  S Falzon  6  6  1  1  1  1  -  -  -  -  M Quinn  6  5  -  -  1  1  1  1  -  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

1 Numbers represent meetings held and attended in capacity as a member of the Board or Committee.

## Indemnification and Insurance of Directors and Officers

The constitution of the Company provides for the Company to indemnify Directors and executive officers of the Company and its related bodies corporate against liability incurred in their capacity as an officer of the Company or related body corporate, except as may be prohibited by law.

Premiums have been paid by Regis Aged Care Pty Ltd, a 100% owned subsidiary company,  with regard to Directors' and officers' liability insurance to insure each of the Directors and officers of the Company against certain liabilities incurred by them arising out of their conduct while acting in the capacity of Directors or officers of the Company or its related bodies Corporate. The contract of insurance prohibits disclosure of the nature of the liability and the amount of the premiums.

## Indemnification of Auditors

To the extent permitted by law, the Group has agreed to indemnify its auditors, Ernst &amp; Young Australia, as part of the terms of its audit engagement agreement against claims by third parties arising from the audit (for an unspecified amount). No payment has been made to indemnify Ernst &amp; Young during or since the financial year.

## Options

No options over issued shares or interests in the Company or a controlled entity were granted during or since the end of the financial year and there were no options outstanding at the date of this report.

## Proceedings on Behalf of the Group

No person has applied for leave of court to bring proceedings on behalf of the Group or intervene in any proceedings to which the Group is a party for the purpose of taking responsibility on behalf of the Group for all or any part of those proceedings. The Group was not a party to any such proceedings during the year.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

60

Directors' Report

## Environmental Regulations and Performance

The Group's operations are not regulated by any significant environmental regulation under a law of the Commonwealth or of a State or Territory.

## Corporate Governance

Full details of Regis' compliance with the ASX Corporate Governance Council Principles and Recommendations (4th Edition), can be found in the Regis Healthcare Corporate Governance Statement on the company website at www.regis.com.au/corporate-governance.

## Rounding

The Company is an entity to which ASIC Corporations (Rounding in Financial/Directors' Reports) Instrument 2016/191 applies and,  accordingly,  amounts  in  the  financial  statements  and  Directors'  Report  have  been  rounded  to  the  nearest  thousand dollars.

## Auditor's Independence Declaration

The auditor's independence declaration as required under section 307C of the Corporations Act 2001 is set out on page 7 0 .

## Non-Audit Services

The following non-audit services were provided by the entity's auditor, Ernst &amp; Young Australia. The Directors are satisfied that the  provision  of  non-audit  services  is  compatible  with  the  general  standard  of  independence  for  auditors  imposed  by  the Corporations Act 2001. The nature and scope of each type of non-audit service provided means that auditor independence was not compromised.

Ernst &amp; Young Australia received the following amounts for the provision of non-audit services:

| $'000  Tax compliance  110  Other services  56  Total  166   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

Signed in accordance with a resolution of the Directors.

<!-- image -->

Graham K Hodges Chairman Melbourne, 24 August 2022

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

61

## REMUNERATION REPORT

Remuneration Report

## Message from the Chairman of the People and Remuneration Committee

## Dear Shareholders

On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present our Remuneration Report (the Report) for the year ended 30 June 2022.

The Report communicates important information about our remuneration framework and how we set and assess performance measures under the current and future incentive schemes for the CEO and CFO.

## Remuneration Outcomes - Financial Year Ended 30 June 2022

Quality of care at Regis is paramount and, to reflect this, the Board continues to impose a 'Care and Compliance Gateway' which ensures that cash incentives are at risk and may be forfeited where defined quality of care standards are not met.

The Board is pleased to announce that the 'Care and Compliance Gateway' was achieved in the 2022 financial year.

## Revised Remuneration Framework - Financial Year Ending 30 June 2023

At the 2021 Annual General Meeting (AGM) held on 26 October 2021, 27.06% of eligible votes cast were against adoption of our remuneration report, resulting in a 'first strike'.

In  response  to  this,  the  Company  sought  feedback  from  stakeholders  including  proxy  advisors  and  external  remuneration consultants and completed a review of the reward framework.

This review indicated Shareholders would prefer a more traditional reward framework, particularly in relation to the longer-term incentive arrangements.

As a result of the review, for the year ending 30 June 2023, the Board has decided to replace the VRRP with an executive reward framework with separate short-term incentive (STI) and long-term incentive (LTI) plans.

This  approach  is  consistent  with  broader  market  practice,  and  the  Board  believes  that  it  will  appropriately  incentivise  key executives and align their interests with those of our residents, clients and shareholders. In particular, the new framework will include long-term performance hurdles that will need to be met for vesting to occur. This is consistent with the achievement of longer term business objectives.

We trust that our Shareholders and other stakeholders find the Report informative and we welcome any feedback.

<!-- image -->

Graham Hodges

Chairman of the People and Remuneration Committee

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

62

Remuneration Report

## Remuneration Report - Audited

The Directors of Regis Healthcare Limited present the Remuneration Report (the Report) for the period 1 July 2021 to 30 June 2022. This Report forms part of the Directors' Report and has been audited in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth).

The Report includes details of the remuneration strategies and outcomes for Key Management Personnel ('KMP'), comprising the Non-Executive Directors ('NEDs'), the Chief Executive Officer ('CEO') and Chief Financial Officer ('CFO') with direct or indirect authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Company during the year.

The names and positions of the KMP are:

| Non-Executive Directors  Graham Hodges  Independent Non-Executive Chairman  Christine Bennett  Independent Non-Executive Director  Bryan Dorman  Non-Executive Director  Sally Freeman  Independent Non-Executive Director (appointed 17 January 2022)  Ian Roberts  Non-Executive Director  Sylvia Falzon  Independent Non-Executive Director (retired 26 October 2021)  Matthew Quinn  Independent Non-Executive Director (retired 26 October 2021)  CEO and CFO  Linda Mellors  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  Rick Rostolis  Chief Financial Officer   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## A. Principles used to Determine the Nature and Amount of Remuneration

The Group's executive remuneration framework aims to ensure that reward is competitively based to secure high calibre people and incentivise performance within an appropriate risk framework.  It also aims to ensure that the quantum of remuneration is appropriate  for  the  results  delivered.  The  framework  aligns  executive  reward  with  achievement  of  strategic  objectives,  the provision of quality care and services to care recipients, the creation of value for shareholders and sound management of both financial and non-financial risks. It provides a mix of fixed and variable pay, delivered in a combination of cash and deferred equity. During the financial year, the Board reviewed the executive remuneration framework and changes will be implemented for the financial year ending 30 June 2023.

The diagram below provides an overview of the executive reward framework.

<!-- image -->

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

63

Remuneration Report

## Executive Reward Framework - Year Ended 30 June 2022

The key component of the executive reward framework is the Variable Reward and Retention Plan (VRRP).

The VRRP is structured to align the CEO and CFO with shareholders through a simple and transparent model which rewards performance over both the short and long-term.

To be eligible for the full amount of the cash component of the VRRP, the 'Care and Compliance Gateway' must be met in full. Performance within the VRRP is then assessed over a 12-month period against short and long-term measures directly linked to the  Group's  strategic  plan  and  the  award  is  delivered  in  a  combination  of  cash  (40%)  and  Share  Rights  (60%).  The  cash component is paid following release of the audited financial statements.  The Share Rights vest in three tranches of 10%, 20% and 30% of the total award deferred for one, two and three years respectively after the delivery of the cash component, subject to continued employment.

The Share Rights ensure the CEO and CFO are invested in the sustainable long-term performance of the Group, have aligned interests with shareholders and are encouraged to remain committed to Regis.

To further align executives and shareholders, the Group has an Executive Minimum Shareholding Policy. Under the Policy, the CEO  and  CFO  are  required  to  accumulate  and  maintain  a  holding  in  shares  equivalent  to  at  least  100%  of  Total  Fixed Remuneration (TFR) in the case of the CEO and 50% of TFR in the case of the CFO. It is expected that executives will achieve compliance  with  the  Policy  by  regularly  accumulating  shares  under  the  VRRP  and  in  future  under  a  Short  and  Long-Term Incentive component.

The People and Remuneration Committee (the Committee), is responsible for developing and reviewing remuneration policies and  practices.  It  also  makes  specific  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  remuneration  packages  and  other  terms  of employment/appointment for NEDs, the CEO and the CEO's direct reports.

The Group's Corporate Governance Statement provides further information on the role of the Committee and can be found on the Group's website at https://www.regis.com.au/corporate-governance.

## Revised Executive Reward Framework - Year Ending 30 June 2023

At  the  Company's  2021  AGM  held  on  26  October  2021,  27.06%  of  eligible  votes  cast  were  against  adoption  of  the remuneration report, resulting in a 'first strike'.

In response, the Company sought feedback from stakeholders and undertook a review of the Group's remuneration framework. The Company engaged KPMG as a remuneration consultant to provide input into the review.

The  review  indicated  that  Shareholders  would  prefer  a  more  traditional  reward  framework,  particularly  in  relation  to  the longer-term incentive arrangements.

As a result of the review, for the year ending 30 June 2023, the Board has decided the VRRP will be replaced with an executive reward framework with separate short-term incentive (STI) and long-term incentive (LTI) plans.  For executive KMP, key details of the STI and LTI plan are as follows:

- -The STI will be assessed against a scorecard of financial and non-financial measures over a 12-month period.  The Care and Compliance Gateway  will continue to apply to the  cash component of  the STI, such that  participants  will not  be eligible to receive some or all of the cash STI where the gateway is not met. 75% of the STI opportunity will be eligible to be delivered in cash, with the other 25% deferred into share rights subject to a further 12-month service requirement.
- -The LTI will be delivered in performance rights, which will be eligible to vest subject to performance against identified group-wide  measures  over  a  3-year  performance  period.    Further  detail  in  relation  to  the  2023  financial  year  LTI performance measures will be disclosed in the notice of AGM.

The  Board  may  clawback  or  adjust  any  awards  as  a  result  of  a  material  misstatement  in,  or  omission  from,  the  financial statements  or  otherwise  as  a  result  of  fraud,  dishonesty  or  breach  of  obligations.  The  Board  has  discretion  to  adjust  any conditions applicable if considered appropriate.

This approach is consistent with broader market practice, and the Board believes it will appropriately incentivise key executives and align their interests with that of our residents, clients and shareholders.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

64

Remuneration Report

## Non-Executive Director Remuneration

To maintain Director independence, NED remuneration is not linked to Group performance and is comprised solely of Directors' fees (including superannuation). The fees comprise base fees plus additional fees for chairing or being members of the Board committees.

NED fees are set at a level to attract and retain suitably qualified and experienced Directors having regard to:

- -Market benchmarks for ASX listed companies;
- -The size and complexity of the Company's operations; and
- -Responsibilities and work requirements.

To align  NED and shareholder interests, the Group has a NED Minimum Shareholding Policy requiring NEDs to achieve a minimum shareholding of 100% of base fees by the later of:

- -1 May 2024; or
- -5 years from the relevant Director's appointment.

All NEDs either currently hold or are on track to hold the minimum shareholding required by the Policy.

## Remuneration Consultants and Other Advisors

To assist in performing its duties and in making recommendations to the Board, the Committee may seek independent advice from remuneration consultants and other advisors on various remuneration-related matters. When doing so, the remuneration consultants and other advisors are required to engage directly with the Chairman of the Committee as the first point of contact.

During the year ended 30 June 2022, the Committee engaged KPMG as a remuneration consultant to provide advice in support of the review of the remuneration framework. The advice did not contain any remuneration recommendations as defined in the Corporations Act.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

65

Remuneration Report

## Group Performance

The following table sets out the Group's financial and share price performance for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 and the four previous years.

| Financial Year Ended 30 June  Key Performance Indicators  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Revenue  725,333  701,365  677,872  646,855  593,990  Net profit/(loss) before tax  (55,185)  29,150  5,718  69,627  76,772  Net profit/(loss) after tax  (38,799)  19,949  (716)  50,897  53,869  Share price at beginning of year  $1.95  $1.41  $2.63  $3.28  $3.93  Share price at end of year  $1.85  $1.95  $1.41  $2.63  $3.28  Dividends per share  5.84 cents  6.63 cents  4.02 cents  15.23 cents  17.93 cents  Basic earnings/(loss) per share  (12.90) cents  6.63 cents  (0.24) cents  16.93 cents  17.93 cents  Diluted earnings/(loss) per share  (12.90) cents  6.63 cents  (0.24) cents  16.91 cents  17.91 cents   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The financial year ended 30 June 2022 was a challenging one for the Group. In addition to the challenge of the COVID-19 pandemic, the business continued to face the on-going effect of inadequate Government aged care funding and employee and other costs increased at a faster rate than the indexation increase the Government applied to its aged care funding.

## B. Remuneration Structure - CEO and CFO

The remuneration framework for the CEO, Dr Linda Mellors, and CFO, Mr Rick Rostolis comprises:

- -TFR; and
- -Performance based (at risk) remuneration delivered through the VRRP.

The mix of TFR versus maximum potential performance-based remuneration for participants in the VRRP in the financial year ended 30 June 2022 was:

| % of Total Remuneration  TFR  Maximum  Potential  Performance-  Based Remuneration (VRRP)  Linda Mellors  60.0%  40.0%  Rick Rostolis  60.2%  39.8%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

TFR is reviewed as required to ensure it remains competitive to attract and retain high calibre executives and is commensurate with the responsibilities of the position.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

66

Remuneration Report

The current structure of the VRRP is set out in the following table:

| Structure of  VRRP  Participants  are  eligible  to  receive  an  annual  award  of  cash  and  Share  Rights  subject  to  meeting  financial and non-financial performance measures.  Performance  Measures  The 2022 VRRP was subject to the following performance measures determined by the Board:    EBITDA (30%);    Net Refundable Accommodation Deposit (RAD) cash flow (30%);    Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (10%); and    KPIs specific to each Executive's Strategic responsibilities (30%).  The Board chose these measures as they support short-term financial performance and the achievement  of the Group's long-term strategic objectives.  Assessment of  Performance  Measures  Assessment  of  performance  measures  occurs  annually  as  part  of  the  broader  performance  review  process for participants.  For the purposes of testing financial hurdles, financial results are assessed by reference to the Group's  audited financial statements.  This method of assessing performance was chosen because it is, as far as practicable, objective and  fair.  The  use of financial  statements ensures the  integrity of the measure  and alignment with  the true  financial performance of the Group.  Split of Cash  and Share  Rights  The percentage of the maximum opportunity achieved by participants is determined by the Board at the  end of the financial year against the above measures.  Awards under the VRRP comprise 40% in cash and 60% in Share Rights.  The Share Rights vest in three tranches of 10%, 20% and 30% of the total award deferred for one, two  and three years respectively after the delivery of the cash component, subject to continued employment.  Care and  Compliance  Gateway  Payment  of  the  cash  component  is  subject  to  a  'Care  and  Compliance'  Gateway.  The  Care  and  Compliance Gateway for 2022 was as follows:    All service accreditations received;    All undertakings to remedy for a notice of non-compliance are met; and    No services sanctioned.  For the full-year, if one service is sanctioned, 50% of the cash component is forfeited and if two services  are sanctioned, 100% of the cash component is forfeited.  Number of  Share Rights  Awarded  The  number  of  Share  Rights  granted  is  calculated  by  dividing  the  face  value  of  the  Share  Rights  component  by  the  volume  weighted  average  price  of  the  Company's  shares  on  the  ASX  over  the  5  trading days commencing on the day after the ex-dividend date for the final dividend. In the event that  the Board decides to not pay a final dividend, the Board will select a date for commencement of the 5  trading day period used for determining the face value of a share.  Each  Share  Right  entitles  the  holder  to  acquire  a  fully  paid  ordinary  share  in  the  Company  for  nil  consideration at the end of the vesting period, subject to their continued employment.  The Share Rights do not carry dividends or voting rights prior to vesting.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

67

Remuneration Report

## Cessation of Employment

## Restrictions on Dealing

Unless the Board determines otherwise, if a participant's employment is terminated for cause or they resign:

-  Before the end of the performance period or before the cash component of the VRRP is paid, the entitlement to receive any VRRP award and any unvested Share Rights will lapse;
-  After the end of the performance period and after the cash component of the VRRP is paid and Share Rights granted, any unvested Share Rights will lapse.

Where employment ceases for any other reason including retirement, total and permanent disablement or death:

-  Before the end of the performance period or before the cash component of the VRRP is paid and Share Rights are granted, a pro-rata  portion  of  the  VRRP award (calculated by reference to the portion of the performance period that has elapsed up to the date of cessation) will remain on foot and any award will be paid in cash; and
-  After the end of the performance period and after the cash component of the VRRP is paid and Share Rights granted, unvested Share Rights will remain on foot and vest in accordance with the vesting schedule.

Participants must not sell, transfer, encumber, hedge or otherwise deal with Share Rights. Participants are free to deal with the shares allocated on vesting of the Share Rights, subject to the requirements of the Group's Policy for Dealing in Securities.

## Change in Control

The Board has discretion to determine  whether or not vesting of some or all of a Participant's Share Rights  should  be  accelerated.  Where  only  some  of  the  Share  Rights  are  vested,  the  remainder  will immediately lapse.

## C. Performance Outcomes

This  section  outlines  performance  outcomes  for  the  financial  year  ended  30  June  2022  against  the  scorecard  used  for  the VRRP.

Quality care of residents is Regis' fundamental critical success factor, above all else, and it is for this reason that the Care and Compliance Gateway is a key part of the remuneration framework. The gateway was met in 2022:

| Care and Compliance Gateway  Outcome  All accreditations received  ✔  Gateway achieved.  14 homes which were subject to accreditation were successfully re-  accredited  All undertakings to remedy for a  notice of non-compliance are met  ✔  Gateway achieved.  10 homes received a Notice to Agree, Directions Notice or Notice of  Non-Compliance during the year.  All homes are compliant with rectification requirements.  No sanctions  ✔  Gateway achieved.  No homes were sanctioned.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

68

Remuneration Report

The Board assessed performance against the 2022 VRRP measures as follows:

| Performance Measure  Weighting  Target  Outcome  Result  Target EBITDA  30%  $96.2m  Not achieved  0%  RAD cashflow  30%  $25.0m  $83.9m  30%  Lost Time Injury  Frequency Rate (LTIFR)  10%  10% reduction on financial year 2021 LTIFR  Reduction  not achieved  0%  Role Specific Individual  Strategic Objectives  30%  Role specific targets include staff engagement,  clinical governance, strategic and operational  imperatives, workplace health and safety and  business stabilisation during COVID-19  Achieved  30%  100%  60%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The VRRP outcomes for the CEO and CFO for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 are set out in the following table:

| Award  Maximum  Potential Award  Amount  Awarded  %  of  Maximum  Achieved  % of  Maximum  Award  Forfeited  Linda Mellors  VRRP  $489,600  $293,760  60%  40%  Rick Rostolis  VRRP  $336,600  $201,960  60%  40%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The amount awarded represents the portion of the award comprising Share Rights (60% of the overall amount assessed) and Cash component (40% of the overall amount assessed).

Linda Mellors had total share rights of 76,893 as at 30 June 2022. No share rights vested during the year ended 30 June 2022.

Rick Rostolis had total share rights of 57,670 as at 30 June 2022. No share rights vested during the year ended 30 June 2022.

## D. Key Terms of Executive Service Agreements

The CEO and CFO have written executive service agreements with Regis Aged Care Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of  Regis Healthcare Limited.

Key Terms of Executive Service Agreement (ESA) for the CEO and CFO are as follows:

| Name  Linda Mellors  Rick Rostolis  Role  CEO  CFO  Commencement  5 August 2019  16 March 2020  Term  No fixed term  No fixed term  Notice of termination by  Company  6 months written notice  6 months written notice  Notice of termination by  Employee  6 months written notice  6 months written notice  Termination for serious  misconduct  At  any  time  without  notice  and  with  immediate effect.  At  any  time  without  notice  and  with  immediate effect.  Termination Entitlements  Payment in lieu of notice based on total fixed  remuneration, and accrued but untaken leave  entitlements.  Incentive  arrangements  under VRRP  will  be  determined  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the plan.  Payment in lieu of notice based on total fixed  remuneration, and accrued but untaken leave  entitlements.  Incentive  arrangements  under VRRP  will be  determined  in  accordance  with  the  terms  of  the plan.  Post-employment restraint  Non-compete and non-solicitation period of 6  months post-employment within Australia.  Non-compete and non-solicitation period of 6  months post-employment within Australia.  Change of Control  Agreement continues to apply  Agreement continues to apply   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

69

Remuneration Report

## E.  Remuneration Structure - Non-Executive Directors

NED fees reflect the workload and responsibilities of Directors and are reviewed periodically by the Board relative to market conditions and fees paid by comparable listed companies. There were no changes to NED base fees in the current year.

## Directors' Fees

Under the Constitution, the Board  may decide  the  amount  of  each  NED's  remuneration,  however,  the  total  amount  paid  to NEDs must not exceed the amount approved by shareholders at a general meeting, being $1.2 million.

Annual NED fees (inclusive of superannuation) are:

| Role  Annual Fees  Chairman  $240,000  Other NEDs  $110,000  Chairs of Board Committees  7  $30,000  Members of Board Committees  $20,000   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Directors  are  reimbursed  for  reasonable  travel  and  other  expenses  incurred  in  attending  to  the  Group's  affairs,  including attending Board and shareholder meetings.

## Retirement Allowances for Directors

NEDs do not participate in any performance-based share plans, retirement schemes or receive any other benefits.

7 There are four Board Committees - Audit, Risk and Compliance Committee, People and Remuneration Committee, Clinical Governance and Care Committee, and Property Committee. The fees for Chairman and members are the same for all four Board Committees

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

70

Remuneration Report

Statutory Remuneration Disclosures

Details of the remuneration of NEDs, CEO and CFO in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards are set out in the following table:

KMP Remuneration - Statutory Remuneration Table

8   Sally Freeman appointed as a Non-Executive Director on 17 January 2022. 9   Sylvia Falzon retired as a Non-Executive Director on 26 October 2021. 10 Matthew Quinn retired as a Non-Executive Director on 26 October 2021.

| Short-Term Benefits  Post-  Employment  Other Long-  Term Benefits  Share-Based Payments  Name  Role  Year  Salary &amp;  Fees  Non-  Monetary  Benefits  VRRP  Cash  Bonus  Superannuation  Long Service  Leave  Termination  payments  Share Rights  Granted under  VRRP Plans  Shares  Total  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Non-Executive  Directors  Graham Hodges  NED  FY22  266,381  -  -  23,115  -  -  -  -  289,496  FY21  255,708  -  -  21,694  -  -  -  -  277,402  Christine Bennett  NED  FY22  149,456  -  -  14,946  -  -  -  -  164,402  FY21  127,854  -  -  12,146  -  -  -  -  140,000  Bryan Dorman  NED  FY22  136,986  -  -  14,199  -  -  -  -  151,185  FY21  136,986  -  -  12,513  -  -  -  -  149,499  Sally Freeman  8  NED  FY22  65,594  -  -  6,564  -  -  -  -  72,158  FY21  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Ian Roberts  NED  FY22  127,573  -  -  12,762  -  -  -  -  140,335  FY21  118,721  -  -  11,279  -  -  -  -  130,000  Sylvia Falzon  9  NED  FY22  57,886  -  -  7,025  -  -  -  -  64,911  FY21  156,263  -  -  3,737  -  -  -  -  160,000  Matthew Quinn  10  NED  FY22  56,200  -  -  5,620  -  -  -  -  61,820  FY21  146,119  -  -  13,881  -  -  -  -  160,000  Sub-Total  Non-Executive  Directors  FY22  860,076  -  -  84,231  -  -  -  -  944,307  FY21  941,651  -  -  75,250  -  -  -  -  1,016,901   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

71

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

Remuneration Report

KMP Remuneration - Statutory Remuneration Table (continued)

| Short-Term Benefits  Post-  Employment  Other Long-  Term Benefits  Share-Based Payments  Role  Year  Salary &amp;  Fees  Non-  Monetary  Benefits  VRRP  Cash  Bonus  Superannuation  Long Service  Leave  Termination  payments  Share Rights  Granted under  VRRP Plans  Shares  Total  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  $  Executive Directors  Linda Mellors  11  MD/  CEO  FY22  711,285  -  117,504  23,115  3,037  -  97,522  -  952,463  FY21  698,306  -  -  21,694  1,732  -  45,392  -  767,124  Executives  Rick Rostolis  CFO  FY22  486,885  -  80,784  23,115  1,837  -  69,580  -  662,201  FY21  478,306  -  -  21,694  947  -  34,044  -  534,991  Sub-Total  Executives  FY22  1,198,170  -  198,288  46,230  4,874  -  167,102  -  1,614,664  FY21  1,176,612  -  -  43,388  2,679  -  79,436  -  1,302,115  Total Remuneration  FY22  2,058,246  -  198,288  130,461  4,874  -  167,102  -  2,558,971  FY21  2,118,263  -  -  118,638  2,679  -  79,436  -  2,319,016   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

11   Linda Mellors commenced on 5 August 2019 as CEO Designate and was appointed CEO on 4 September 2019 and Managing Director on 20 September 2019.

72

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

Remuneration Report

## KMP Shareholdings

The  following  table  summarises  the  movements  in  shareholdings  of  KMP  (including  their  related  entities)  for  the  reporting period.

| Number of shares  Held at  1 July  2021  12  Received  on vesting  of LTI  Received  on vesting  of STI /  VRRP  Received as  remuneration  Other  net  change  Held at  30 June  2022  Held nominally at  30 June 2022  13  Non-Executive Directors  Graham Hodges  110,000  -  -  -  -  110,000  -  Christine Bennett  82,500  -  -  -  -  82,500  -  Bryan Dorman  81,910,479  -  -  -  -  81,910,479  -  Sally Freeman  14  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Sylvia Falzon  27,397  -  -  -  -  27,397  -  Matthew Quinn  84,000  -  -  -  (84,000)  -  -  Ian Roberts  81,910,479  -  -  -  -  81,910,479  16,699  CEO and CFO  Linda Mellors  158,000  -  -  -  -  158,000  -  Rick Rostolis  42,500  -  -  -  -  42,500  -   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Transactions with the Group

No Director or other KMP (including their related parties) has entered into a contract with the Company or a subsidiary during the reporting period other than as disclosed in this Remuneration Report.

## Loans with the Group

No Director  or other  KMP (including their related parties) has  entered  into  a  loan  made, guaranteed  or secured, directly or indirectly, by the Group during the reporting period.

## End of Audited Remuneration Report

12   Comparative amounts are revised, if required, based on latest information and to conform with current year presentation.

13   Shares held 'nominally' means shares held indirectly or by a KMP's close family members or entities over which the KMP or family member has control.

14   Sally Freeman was appointed to the Board on 17 January 2022 and stands for election at the 2022 AGM.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

73

|

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 8 Exhibition Street Melbourne  VIC  3000  Australia GPO Box 67 Melbourne  VIC  3001

Tel: +61 3 9288 8000

Fax: +61 3 8650 7777

ey.com/au

## Auditor's independence declaration to the directors of Regis Healthcare Limited

As lead auditor for the audit of the financial report of Regis Healthcare Limited for the financial year ended 30 June 2022, I declare to the best of my knowledge and belief, there have been:

- a. No contraventions of the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 in relation to the audit;
- b. No contraventions of any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit; and
- c. No non-audit services provided that contravene any applicable code of professional conduct in relation to the audit.

This declaration is in respect of Regis Healthcare Limited and the entities it controlled during the financial year.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

BJ Pollock Partner 24 August 2022

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

## FINANCIAL REPORT

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

## FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  $000  $000  Revenue from services  B1  725,333  701,365  Other income  B1  71,621  83,037  Total revenue from services and other income  796,954  784,402  Expenses  Staff expenses  (550,456)  (521,068)  Resident care expenses  (59,156)  (53,366)  Administration expenses  (45,516)  (39,551)  Occupancy expenses  (23,523)  (23,377)  Depreciation  C4, C5  (42,070)  (43,893)  Amortisation of operational places  C6  (61,037)  -  Profit before income tax and finance costs  15,196  103,147  Finance costs  D3  (70,381)  (73,997)  Profit / (loss) before income tax  (55,185)  29,150  Income tax benefit / (expense)  B3  16,386  (9,201)  Profit / (loss) for the period  (38,799)  19,949  Other comprehensive income  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:  Other comprehensive income, net of tax for the period  -  -  Total comprehensive income, net of tax for the period  (38,799)  19,949  Profit / (loss) for the period attributable to:  Equity holders of the parent entity  (38,799)  19,949  Total comprehensive income, net of tax attributable to:  Equity holders of the parent entity  (38,799)  19,949  Earnings per share (EPS) attributable to equity holders of the parent:  Cents  Cents  Basic EPS (cents per share)  B4  (12.90)  6.63  Diluted EPS (cents per share)  B4  (12.90)  6.63   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

## AS AT 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  $000  $'000  Assets  Cash and cash equivalents  D1  4,151  3,889  Trade and other receivables  C1  17,910  9,086  Inventories  C2  5,163  4,367  Other current assets  C3  6,317  4,593  Income tax receivable  7,186  -  Total current assets  40,727  21,935  Property, plant and equipment  C4  1,109,153  1,101,582  Right-of-use assets  C5  4,305  4,997  Operational places and goodwill  C6  402,700  463,737  Investment property  C7  163,120  158,646  Total non-current assets  1,679,278  1,728,962  Total assets  1,720,005  1,750,897  Liabilities  Bank overdraft  D1, D2  11,397  14,920  Trade payables and other liabilities  C8  62,103  52,715  Lease liabilities  C5  1,040  1,087  Provisions  C9  111,116  112,087  Other financial liabilities  D4  1,312,344  1,227,852  Income tax payable  -  2,094  Total current liabilities  1,498,000  1,410,755  Interest-bearing loans and borrowings  D2  95,664  131,431  Lease liabilities  C5  5,223  5,968  Provisions  C9  5,771  7,338  Deferred tax liabilities  B3  36,340  53,440  Total non-current liabilities  142,998  198,177  Total liabilities  1,640,998  1,608,932  Net assets  79,007  141,965  Equity  Contributed equity  D7  273,629  273,519  Reserves  D9  (97,009)  (97,253)  Accumulated losses  (97,613)  (34,301)  Total equity  79,007  141,965   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

## FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| Issued  Capital  Remuneration  Reserve  Acquisition  Reserve  Accumulated  Losses  Total  $000  $000  $000  $000  $000  At 1 July 2020  273,485  4,035  (101,497)  (48,234)  127,789  Net profit / (loss) for the period  -  -  -  19,949  19,949  Total comprehensive income for the  year  -  -  -  19,949  19,949  Dividends paid or provided for  -  -  -  (6,016)  (6,016)  Equity settled share-based payment  -  243  -  -  243  Transfer from remuneration reserve  34  (34)  -  -  -  Balance as at 30 June 2021  273,519  4,244  (101,497)  (34,301)  141,965  At 1 July 2021  273,519  4,244  (101,497)  (34,301)  141,965  Net profit / (loss) for the period  -  -  -  (38,799)  (38,799)  Total comprehensive income / (loss)  for the year  -  -  -  (38,799)  (38,799)  Dividends paid or provided for  -  -  -  (24,513)  (24,513)  Equity settled share-based payments  -  354  -  -  354  Transfer from remuneration reserve  110  (110)  -  -  -  Balance as at 30 June 2022  273,629  4,488  (101,497)  (97,613)  79,007   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

## FOR THE YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  $000  $000  Cash flows from operating activities  Receipts from residents and Government subsidies  710,333  692,345  Government grants received  3,248  4,156  Payments to suppliers and employees  (671,168)  (620,291)  Finance income  9  14  Finance costs  (4,642)  (9,166)  Interest paid on RADs  (3,195)  -  RAD and accommodation bond inflows  408,432  370,448  RAD and accommodation bond outflows  (324,492)  (332,716)  ILU/ILA entry contribution inflows  12,342  5,852  ILU/ILA entry contribution outflows  (6,080)  (3,888)  Income tax received / (paid)  (9,994)  (1,724)  Net cash flows from operating activities  F2  114,793  105,030  Cash flows from / (used in) investing activities  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  (47,196)  (17,277)  Capital expenditure (investment property)  (1,452)  (1,359)  Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment  26  26,134  Net cash flows from / (used in) investing activities  (48,622)  7,498  Cash flows from / (used in) financing activities  Proceeds from borrowings  121,000  172,395  Repayment of borrowings  (157,450)  (272,762)  Payment of lease liabilities  (1,423)  (1,008)  Dividends paid on ordinary shares  (24,513)  (18,100)  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (62,386)  (119,475)  Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents  3,785  (6,947)  Cash at the beginning of the financial period  (11,031)  (4,084)  Cash at the end of the financial period  D1  (7,246)  (11,031)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form part of the consolidated financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

| A. Basis of Preparation  76  D. Capital Structure and  Financing  96  A1. Statement of compliance  A2. Going concern  A3. New standards, interpretations and  amendments  A4. Key judgements, estimates and  assumptions  76  76  76  76  D1. Cash and cash equivalents  D2. Interest-bearing loans and borrowings  D3. Finance costs  D4. Other financial liabilities  D5. Financial risk management and objectives  D6. Fair value of financial instruments  D7. Contributed equity  D8. Dividends paid and proposed  D9. Reserves  96  96  97  98  99  10  2  10  3  10  3  10  4  B. Results for the Year  77  B1. Revenue from services and other income  B2. Segment information  B3. Income tax  B4. Earnings per share  77  8  0  8  1  8  3  E. Group Structure  10  5  E1. Parent entity information  E2. Subsidiaries  E3. Business combinations  10  5  10  6  1  07  C. Operating Assets and  Liabilities  8  4  F. Other Disclosures  1  08  C1. Trade and other receivables  C2. Inventories  C3. Other current assets  C4. Property, plant and equipment  C5. Leases  C6. Operational places and goodwill  C7. Investment property  C8. Trade payables and other liabilities  C9. Provisions  8  4  8  5  8  5  86  88  9  0  9  2  9  4  9  5  F1. Related party disclosures  F2. Cash flows from operating activities  F3. Share-based payment plans  F4. Auditor's remuneration  F5. Commitments  F6. Contingent liabilities  F7. Other accounting policies  F8. Accounting standards issued  but not yet in effect  F9. Subsequent events  1  08  1  08  1  09  11  0  11  0  11  1  11  1  11  1  11  1  Directors' Declaration  11  2  Independent Auditor's Report  11  3   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Section A: Basis of Preparation

## IN THIS SECTION

This  section  sets  out  the  basis  on  which  the  Group's  financial  report  is  prepared.  A  glossary  containing  acronyms  and defined terms is included in the back of this report.

Regis Healthcare Limited ('Company') is a for profit  company limited  by shares incorporated in Australia  whose shares are publicly  traded  on  the  Australian  Securities  Exchange.  The  Group's  principal  activity  during  the  year  was  the  provision  of residential aged care services.

The consolidated financial statements  of  Regis Healthcare Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively, the  Group)  for the year ended 30 June 2022 were authorised for issue in accordance with a resolution of the Directors on 24 August 2022.

## A1. Statement of Compliance

The financial report is a general-purpose financial report, which has been prepared in accordance with the requirements of the Corporations Act 2001, Australian Accounting Standards and other authoritative pronouncements of the Australian Accounting Standards Board. The financial report also complies with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board.

The  financial  report  has  been  prepared  on  a  historical  cost  basis,  except  investment  property,  independent  living  unit  and apartment entry contributions and derivative financial instruments, which have been measured at fair value. The financial report is  presented  in  Australian  dollars  and  all  values  are  rounded  to  the  nearest  thousand  dollars  unless  otherwise  stated  in accordance with Instrument 2016/91 issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission.

## A2. Going Concern

The Group is in a net current asset deficiency position. This  deficiency principally  arises due to refundable  accommodation deposits  ('RADs'),  accommodation  bonds  and  independent  living  unit  and  independent  living  apartment  ('ILU'/'ILA')  entry contributions  being  recorded  as  current  liabilities  as  required  under  Australian  Accounting Standards.  However,  in  practice, RADs / accommodation bonds that are repaid are generally replaced by RADs from incoming residents in a short timeframe.

The Group generated positive cash flows from operations of $114,793,000 during the year (2021: $105,030,000). Undrawn syndicated bank facilities  of  $417,207,000  (2021:  $381,033,000)  (refer  Note  D2)  are  also  available  should  they  need  to  be drawn. In addition, the Group has the ability to refinance its existing borrowings and raise new external debt if required. Based on the cash flow forecasts for the next 12 months, the Group will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable. Accordingly,  the financial report  has been prepared  on  a going concern basis. The impact of COVID-19 has been taken into consideration in preparing the financial report on a going concern basis.

## A3. New Standards, Interpretations and Amendments

A number of amendments and interpretations have been applied for the first time in this reporting period but did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

## A4. Key Judgements, Estimates and Assumptions

The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to exercise judgement and make estimates and assumptions  in  applying  the  Group's  accounting  policies  which  impact  amounts  reported  for  assets,  liabilities,  income  and expenses. Actual results may differ from these judgements, estimates and assumptions. Uncertainty about these judgements, estimates and assumptions could result in outcomes that require a material adjustment to the carrying amount of assets or liabilities in future periods. Information about significant areas of estimation uncertainty and critical assumptions are described in the following notes:

- -Receivables - assumptions underlying expected credit losses - refer Note C1
- -Property,  plant  and  equipment  -  useful  life  assessment  and  assumptions  underlying  recoverable  amount  assessments - refer Note C4
- -Operational  places  and  goodwill  -  assumptions  underlying  recoverable  amount  assessments  and  the  useful  life  of operational places - refer Note C6
- -Investment property - assumptions underlying the assessment of fair value - refer Note C7
- -Provisions - assumptions underlying recognition and measurement of provisions - refer Note C9
- -Share-based payments - determination of valuation model and assumptions about achievement of performance hurdles refer Note F3

## Section B: Results for the Year

## IN THIS SECTION

This section explains the results and performance of the Group.

This  section  provides  additional  information  about  those  individual  line  items  in  the  financial  report  that  the  Directors consider most relevant in the context of Regis' operations, including:

- -Accounting policies that are relevant for understanding the items recognised in the financial report; and
- -Analysis of the results for the period by reference to key areas, including revenue and taxation.

## B1. Revenue from Services and Other Income

| 2022  $000  2021  $000  Revenue from services  Government funded revenue  517,858  499,864  Resident basic daily fee revenue  120,588  117,442  Other resident revenue  79,449  76,287  Other operating revenue  5,155  5,870  Deferred management fee revenue  2,283  1,902  Total revenue from services  725,333  701,365  Other income  Imputed income on RADs and Bonds  62,444  64,389  Government grants  3,248  4,156  Interest income  9  14  Gain on disposal of non-current assets  -  2,818  Change in fair value of investment property  5,920  11,660  Total other income  71,621  83,037  Total revenue from services and other income  796,954  784,402   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Residential Aged Care and Home Care

The Group recognises revenue from aged care and home care services over time as performance obligations are satisfied, which  is  as  the  services  are  rendered,  primarily  on  a  daily  or  monthly  basis.  Revenue  arises  from  discretionary  and  nondiscretionary services, as agreed in a single contract with the resident. Fees received in advance of aged care and home care services performed are recognised as contract liabilities and are included within Trade and Other Payables.

Bond retention fees are recognised over the expected length of stay of a resident. The expected length of stay of a resident is estimated based on historical tenure data.

## Retirement Living

Revenue arises from deferred management fees, long-term leases and short-term rentals, as agreed in a single contract with the  resident.  Revenue  from  deferred  management  fees  is  recognised  over  the  expected  length  of  stay  of  a  resident.  The expected  length  of  stay  of  a  resident  is  estimated  based  on  historical  tenure  data,  including  industry  data.  The  difference between revenue r ecognised and contractual deferred management fees earned is recognised as deferred revenue (contract liabilities) within Trade and Other Payables.

Revenue from long-term leases and short-term rentals are recognised on a daily basis as services are provided.

## Section B: Results for the Year

## B1. Revenue from Services and Other Income (continued)

## Nature of revenue and cash flows

Residential aged care and home care revenue is disaggregated based on the nature of funding. Revenue is recognised based on the terms and conditions for discretionary and non-discretionary services agreed in a single contract with the resident, which are enforceable primarily on a daily basis.

## Imputed income on RADs and Bonds

Other income includes imputed income from the provision of accommodation, which is accounted for as a Lease under AASB 16 Leases . Under AASB 16 Leases , the fair value of non-cash consideration (in the form of an interest-free loan) received from a resident that has elected to pay a RAD or accommodation bond is required to be recognised as income and correspondingly, interest expense (Note D3) with no net impact on profit or loss.

## Change in fair value of investment property

The change in fair value of investment property of $5,920,000 (2021: $11,660,000) represents the non-cash revaluation gain associated with the Group's retirement living property portfolio, as assessed by an independent valuer.

## Government grants

Government grants which are monetary in nature are recognised when the Group has reasonable assurance that all conditions attached to the grant will be met and the grant will be received. The monetary grant is recognised at an amount equivalent to what will be received. These amounts are considered as other income. Government grants include COVID-19 outbreak grants of $3,248,000 (2021: $4,156,000).

For non-monetary Government grants, the Group assesses the fair value of the non-monetary asset, or at a nominal amount, and accounts for both grant and asset at that fair or nominal value. Government grants related to assets is presented in the statement of financial position on a gross basis (i.e. asset and liability) and is recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the useful life of the asset.

<!-- image -->

## Key judgement, estimate and assumption: Interest rate applicable to RADs and Bonds

The Group has determined the use of the Maximum Permissible Interest rate ('MPIR') as the interest rate to be used in the calculation of the imputed income on RADs and Bonds. The MPIR is a rate set by the Australian Government and is used to calculate the Daily Accommodation Payment ('DAP') to applicable residents.

## Summary of sources of revenue

| Source of  Revenue  Description  Type of  Services  Government  funded revenue  Government funded  revenue  reflects  the  Group's  entitlement  to  revenue  from  the  Australian Government based upon the specific care and accommodation needs of  the  individual  residents.  Revenue  funded  by  the  Australian  Government  is  derived  under the Group's contracts with customers.  The  Australian  Government  funded  revenue  comprises  basic  subsidy  amounts  calculated  in  accordance  with  the  Aged  Care  Funding  Instrument  ('ACFI'),  accommodation  supplements,  funding  for  short  term  'respite'  residents  and  other  Government incomes.  Revenue is recognised over time as services are provided.  Funding claims are submitted / updated daily, and the Australian Government funded  revenue is usually received within approximately one month of services having been  performed.  Government funded revenue also includes the Government Basic Daily Fee (BDF)  Supplement received from 1 July 2021, representing $10 per day, per resident. This  additional  revenue  was  announced  in  the  2021-22  Federal  Budget  as  part  of  the  Australian Government's response to the Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality  and Safety.  Aged care and  home care   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Section B: Results for the Year

## B1. Revenue from Services and Other Income (continued)

Summary of sources of revenue (continued)

| Source of  Revenue  Description  Type of  Services  Resident basic  daily fee  revenue  Residents are charged a basic daily fee as a contribution to the provision of care  and accommodation. The quantum of resident basic daily fees is regulated by the  Australian Government and typically increases in March and September each year.  Resident basic daily fee revenue is recognised over time as services are provided.  Residents are invoiced on a monthly basis and cash is usually received within 30  days.  Aged care and  home care  Other resident  revenue  Other resident revenue represents other fees charged to residents in respect of care  and  accommodation  services  provided  by  the  Group  and  includes  means  tested  care  fees,  Daily  Accommodation  Payment  ('DAP')  /  Daily  Accommodation  Contribution ('DAC') revenue, additional services revenue and other income.  Other resident revenue is recognised over time as services are provided.  Residents  are invoiced on a monthly basis and cash is usually received within 30 days.  Aged care and  home care  Other  operating  revenue  Other  operating  revenue  comprises  aged  care  bond  retention  amounts  and  other  sundry  revenue.    Revenue  is  recognised  over  time  as  services  are  provided.  Residents  are  typically  invoiced  on  a  monthly  basis  and  cash  is  usually  received  within 30 days.  Aged care, home  care and  retirement living  Deferred  management  fee ('DMF')  revenue  DMF  revenue  represents  a  fee  that  is  contractually  deducted  from  the  ingoing  contribution that is paid back to a resident upon exit from a retirement village.  DMF  revenue is recognised over the expected length of stay of a resident.  Retirement living   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Section B: Results for the Year

## B2. Segment Information

The  Group  operates  predominantly  in  the  residential  aged  care  sector  and  also  provides  retirement  living  and  home  care services  in  Australia.  Operating  segments  are  reported  in  a  manner  consistent  with  the  internal  reporting  to  the  Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer (the chief operating decision maker ('CODM')) who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating segments.

Segment performance is measured by EBITDA adjusted to exclude one-off items ('Underlying EBITDA') 15 . Underlying EBITDA represents a non-IFRS earnings measure. A reconciliation of profit before income tax to Underlying EBITDA is set out below:

| 2022  2021  For the year ended  $'000  $'000  Profit/(Loss) before income tax  (55,185)  29,150  Add back/(deduct):  Imputed income on RADs and bonds  16  (62,444)  (64,389)  Depreciation  16  42,070  43,893  Amortisation of operational places  61,037  -  Finance costs  16  70,381  73,997  Finance income  (9)  (14)  Operating lease expense  (1,423)  (1,383)  COVID-19 Government funding and grants  (3,248)  (11,882)  COVID-19 expenses  27,761  11,800  Profit on sale of assets  -  (2,818)  Cyber-security costs  -  672  Net fair value gain on investment property (refer Note C7)  (3,022)  (9,158)  Impact of regulatory penalties  -  2,200  Professional services costs incurred in relation to potential employee underpayments  program of work  2,209  -  Underlying EBITDA  78,127  72,068   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Revenue from one source, being the Australian Government, constitutes or provides greater than 10 per cent of total revenues received. The amount of revenue recognised from the Australian Government is $517,858,000 (30 June 2021: $499,864,000), being revenue as described in Note B1.

15   Underlying earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ('Underlying EBITDA'), which excludes imputed income on RADs and Bonds of $62,444,000 (30 June 2021: $64,389,000), $24,513,000 of net COVID-19 outbreak expenses and other one-off items, and includes operating  lease  expense  of  $1,423,000  (30  June  2021:  $1,383,000),  is  reported  in  order  to  provide  shareholders  with  a  greater understanding of the performance of the Group.

16   Following adoption of AASB 16 Leases effective 1 July 2019, profit before income tax for the financial year ended 30 June 2022 includes income on RADs and Bonds of $62,444,000 (2021: $64,389,000) and, correspondingly, finance costs of $62,444,000 (2021: $64,389,000) with no  net  impact  on profit or  loss.  The Group also recognised depreciation and interest costs totalling $990,000  (2021: $993,000) and $332,000 (2021: $381,000) respectively. Prior to the introduction of AASB 16 Leases , the Group would have recognised an operating lease expense of $1,423,000 (2021: $1,383,000).

## Section B: Results for the Year

## B3. Income Tax

Reconciliation of the Group's applicable tax rate to the effective tax rate

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Profit/(loss) before income tax  (55,185)  29,150  At Australia's corporate tax rate of 30% (2021: 30%)  (16,556)  8,745  Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years  714  -  Relating to origination and reversal of temporary differences  -  383  Other non-assessable income/non-deductible expenses  (544)  73  Income tax expense/(benefit) reported in the statement of profit or loss  (16,386)  9,201   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Current income tax

Current income tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities. The tax rates and tax laws used to compute the amount are those that are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date. Current income tax relating to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity and not in profit or loss. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in the tax returns with respect to situations in which applicable tax regulations are subject to interpretation and establishes provisions where appropriate.

Major components of income tax expense/(benefit)

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current income tax expense/(benefit)  -  12,140  Adjustments in respect of current income tax of previous years  714  -  Deferred tax expense  (17,100)  (2,939)  Income tax expense/(benefit) reported in profit or loss  (16,386)  9,201   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Section B: Results for the Year

## B3. Income Tax (continued)

Major components of deferred tax

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Deferred tax liabilities  Property, plant and equipment  (22,382)  (17,445)  4,937  3,098  Investment property  (8,366)  (8,605)  (239)  3,648  Independent living unit and apartment entry contributions  (3,197)  (3,077)  120  (1,002)  Interest rate swaps  -  -  -  Deferred revenue  -  (134)  (134)  134  Intangible assets  (46,037)  (64,343)  (18,306)  Deferred tax assets:  Employee benefits  23,207  24,260  1,053  (2,302)  Provisions  15,360  14,726  (634)  (6,356)  Deferred revenue  154  -  (154)  1,105  Losses available for offsetting against future taxable income  3,002  -  (3,002)  Other  1,919  1,178  (741)  (1,264)  Net deferred tax liabilities  (36,340)  (53,440)  Deferred tax expense  (17,100)  (2,939)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Deferred tax

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates and laws that are enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date and are expected to apply to the year when the asset is realised or the liability is settled.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at each reporting date and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred income tax asset to be utilised.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognised for deductible temporary differences, carried forward unused tax assets and unused tax losses only if it is probable that taxable profit will be available to utilise them.

Deferred tax relating to items recognised  in other comprehensive income or directly in equity is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

The group is subject only to Australian tax legislation.

Statement of financial position Statement of profit or loss

-

-

-

## Section B: Results for the Year

## B3. Income Tax (continued)

## Tax consolidation

In 2007, for the purpose of income taxation, Regis Healthcare Limited and its 100% owned subsidiaries formed a tax consolidated group. The entities in the tax group have entered into a tax sharing agreement to limit the joint and several tax liability of 100% owned subsidiaries in the event of a default by the head entity, Regis Healthcare Limited. The tax consolidated group has applied the  'Separate  Taxpayer  within  Group'  approach  in  determining  the  appropriate  amount  of  current  taxes  and  deferred  taxes  to allocate  to  members  of  the  tax  consolidated  group.  Entities  within  the  tax  consolidated  group  have  entered  into  a  tax  funding arrangement with the head entity.

Under the terms of the tax funding arrangement, Regis Healthcare Limited and each of the entities in the tax consolidated group have agreed to pay a tax equivalent payment to, or from, the head entity, based on the current tax liability or current tax asset of the entity. Amounts are reflected in amounts receivable from, or payable to, other entities in the tax consolidated group.

## B4. Earnings Per Share (EPS)

| 2022  2021  EPS for profit attributable to the ordinary equity holders of Regis Healthcare Limited  Profit / (loss) for the period from continuing operations ($'000)  (38,799)  19,949  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for basic EPS (shares, thousands)  300,821  300,773  Adjustment for effect of share-based payment arrangements (shares, thousands)  321  85  Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted EPS (shares, thousands)  301,142  300,858  Basic earnings per share (cents per share)  (12.90)  6.63  Diluted earnings per share (cents per share)  (12.90)  6.63   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Calculation methodology

EPS is the profit after tax (from continuing operations) attributable to ordinary equity holders of Regis Healthcare Limited, divided by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year.

Diluted EPS is calculated on the same basis except that it includes the impact of any potential commitments the Group has to issue shares in the future.

Between the reporting date and the issue date of the 30 June 2022 Financial Report, there have been no transactions involving ordinary shares or potential ordinary shares that would impact the calculation of EPS disclosed in the table above.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## IN THIS SECTION

This  section  explains  the  Group's  operating  assets  used  to  generate  the  Group's  trading  performance  and  the  liabilities incurred as a result.

## C1. Trade and Other Receivables

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Trade receivables  11,984  8,288  Allowance for impairment loss  (1,261)  (754)  Other receivables  7,187  1,552  Total trade and other receivables  17,910  9,086   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  movement  in  the  allowance  for  impairment  loss  in  respect  of  trade  receivables during the year was as follows:

| Opening balance  754  511  Amounts written-off  (209)  (221)  Net remeasurement of loss allowance  716  464  Closing balance  1,261  754   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Receivables and expected credit loss

Receivables are recognised at their transaction price and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method less any allowance under the expected credit loss ('ECL') model. Regis applies the simplified approach to the ECL calculation used for trade receivables, lease receivables and contract assets, and measures the ECL allowance at an amount equal to lifetime ECL. Therefore, the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,  adjusted  for  forward-looking  factors  specific  to  the  receivables  and  the  economic  environment.  A  write-off  of  a financial  asset  is  recognised  when  the  Group  has  no  reasonable  expectations  of  recovering  the  contractual  cash  flows  of  a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof.

<!-- image -->

## Key judgement, estimate and assumption: Expected credit loss

The Group determined that the risk characteristics  of its customers  were  not  significantly  impacted  by COVID-19  during  the period.  The  Group  observed  there  to  be  no significant  change  in  customer  payment  patterns  and  performance  following  the declaration of the COVID-19 pandemic that would materially impact the ability to collect outstanding trade receivable balances.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 365 days past due.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C1. Trade and Other Receivables (continued)

Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables using a provision matrix. The provision excludes trade receivables from the Australian Government and other state revenue offices, which are considered of low credit risk:

| Total  0-30  Days  31-60  Days  61-90  Days  91-150  Days  151-365  Days  &gt;365  Days  At 30 June 2022  Gross carrying amount at 30 June 2022 ($'000)  8,393  2,932  511  869  1,300  1,761  1,020  Expected credit loss rate (%)  0.3%  1.0%  2.1%  3.7%  9.1%  100%  Expected credit loss ($'000)  1,261  9  5  18  48  161  1,020  At 30 June 2021  Gross carrying amount at 30 June 2021 ($'000)  4,064  1,484  618  313  449  558  642  Expected credit loss rate (%)  0.5%  1.1%  2.9%  5.3%  11.6%  100%  Expected credit loss ($'000)  754  7  7  9  24  65  642   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## C2. Inventories

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Consumables and medical supplies  5,163  4,367  Total inventories  5,163  4,367   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Inventories represent consumables on hand, comprising personal protective equipment and medical supplies. Inventories are recorded at the lower of cost and net realisable value.

## C3. Other Current Assets

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Prepayments  4,796  3,657  GST recoverable  1,521  936  Total other current assets  6,317  4,593   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C4. Property, Plant and Equipment

| Land &amp;  buildings  Plant &amp;  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Fixtures &amp;  fittings  Leasehold  improve-  ments  Capital work  in progress  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 30 June 2022  Cost  1,036,482  330,394  937  87,057  37  30,111  1,485,018  Accumulated depreciation  (156,342)  (181,019)  (806)  (37,678)  (20)  -  (375,865)  Net carrying amount  880,140  149,375  131  49,379  17  30,111  1,109,153  Carrying amount at 1 July 2021  854,014  153,434  205  48,750  18  45,161  1,101,582  Additions  15,837  10,190  -  3,430  -  19,508  48,965  Transfers from work in progress  26,495  6,100  -  1,895  -  (34,490)  -  Disposals  -  (153)  (12)  (81)  -  (68)  (314)  Depreciation expense  *  (16,206)  (20,196)  (62)  (4,615)  (1)  -  (41,080)  Carrying amount at 30 June  2022  880,140  149,375  131  49,379  17  30,111  1,109,153  At 30 June 2021  Cost  995,981  316,657  1,131  81,957  37  45,161  1,440,924  Accumulated depreciation  (141,967)  (163,223)  (926)  (33,207)  (19)  -  (339,342)  Net carrying amount  854,014  153,434  205  48,750  18  45,161  1,101,582  Carrying amount at 1 July 2020  870,313  162,553  243  50,504  19  63,752  1,147,384  Additions  53  11,332  -  2,875  -  3,133  17,393  Transfers from work in progress  368  2,263  2  51  -  (2,684)  -  Transfers to assets held for sale  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  Disposals  (591)  (481)  (10)  (172)  (1)  (19,040)  (20,295)  Depreciation expense  *  (16,129)  (22,233)  (30)  (4,508)  -  -  (42,900)  Carrying amount at 30 June  2021  854,014  153,434  205  48,750  18  45,161  1,101,582   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes depreciation charge of $990,000 (2021: $993,000) in relation to right-of-use assets (refer Note C5) .

Land and buildings relate to the Group's aged care facilities associated with the provision of aged care services.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C4. Property, Plant and Equipment (continued)

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment is carried at cost less accumulated depreciation and any recognised impairment. Cost comprises of expenditure  that  is  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  the  item  and  subsequent  costs  incurred  that  are  eligible  for capitalisation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

Depreciation is calculated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the asset as follows:

- -Buildings: 40-55 years
- -Plant and equipment: 3-30 years
- -Motor vehicles: 4-8 years
- -Fixtures and fittings: 3-10 years
- -Leasehold improvements: 3-10 years

The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property, plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial yearend and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate.

An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on de-recognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the item) is included in the profit or loss when the item is derecognised.

Property, plant and equipment is tested for impairment at the cash generating unit ('CGU') level.

Where there is an indication that an asset or CGU to which an asset belongs may be impaired (which is assessed at least at each reporting date) an impairment test is performed by comparing the recoverable amount of a CGU against its carrying amount as described in Note C6.

No indicators of impairment were identified for property, plant and equipment for the year ended 30 June 2022.

## Assets under construction

Property, plant and equipment under construction is included within 'capital work in progress'. Capital expenditure incurred in the course  of  development  activities  are  carried  at  cost,  less  any  recognised  impairment  loss.  Cost  includes  construction  costs, professional fees,  internal wage  expenses directly  attributable to the  development activities and, for  qualifying assets borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group's accounting policy (refer Note D3). Upon completion, the asset is reclassified as land  and  buildings,  plant  and  equipment,  or  fixtures  and  fittings  as  applicable.  During  the  year,  the  Group  completed refurbishments. Such projects are short-term in nature. On completion, the cost of the asset is classified within plant and equipment or fixtures and fittings.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C5. Leases

## (a) Regis as lessee

Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Right-of-use assets  Property leases  3,686  4,309  Plant and equipment and motor vehicles  619  688  Total right-of-use assets  4,305  4,997  Lease liabilities  Lease liabilities - current  1,040  1,087  Lease liabilities - non-current  5,223  5,968  Total lease liabilities  6,263  7,055   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Additions to the right-of-use assets amounted to $298,000 during the year (2021: $nil).

Amounts recognised in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Depreciation expense of right-of-use assets  Property leases  623  622  Plant and equipment and motor vehicles  368  325  Total depreciation expense of right-of-use assets  991  947  Other expenses relating to leases  Interest expense (included in finance costs)  332  381  Total other expenses relating to leases  332  381   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Total cash outflow for leases for the year was $1,409,000 (2021: $1,374,000).

## Right-of-use assets

The  Group  recognises  right-of-use  assets  at  the  commencement  date  of the  lease  (i.e.  the  date  the  underlying  asset  is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted  for  any  re-measurement  of  lease  liabilities.  The  cost  of  right-of-use  assets  includes  the  amount  of  the  initial measurement  of  the  lease  liability  and  any  lease  payments  made  at  or  before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease incentives received, any initial direct costs and restoration cost. Unless the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the recognised right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of estimated useful life and the lease term.

The lease term is the non-cancellable period of a lease together with the lease period under reasonably certain extension options and periods covered by an option to terminate the lease if the lessee is reasonably certain not to exercise that option.

Each right-of-use asset is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease term and the useful life of the underlying asset. The Group's right-of-use assets relate to office premises and are depreciated over 15 years.

Regis tests right-of-use assets for impairment where there is an indicator that the asset may be impaired in accordance with impairment testing detailed at Note C6.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C5. Leases (continued)

## Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are initially measured at the present value of lease payments to be made over the lease term discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that cannot be determined, Regis' incremental borrowing rate is used.

Lease payments used in calculating the liability include:

- -Fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable
- -Variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate at commencement date
- -Lease payments to be made under options for extension which are reasonably certain to be exercised
- -Payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects Regis exercising that option
- -Amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees

Lease  liabilities  are  subsequently  measured  by  increasing  the  carrying  amount  to  reflect  interest  on  the  lease  liability, reducing the carrying amount to reflect the lease payments made, and re-measuring the carrying amount to reflect any reassessment or lease modifications. Interest on the lease liability and any variable lease payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability are recognised as an expense in the period which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.

Payments associated with lease terms of 12 months or less and leases of low value assets are recognised in profit or loss, when the expense is incurred.

<!-- image -->

Key judgement, estimate and assumption: lease term and incremental borrowing rate

## Lease term

The term of each lease was based on the non-cancellable lease term unless management was 'reasonably certain' to exercise options to extend the lease. The Group has lease contracts that include extension options. These options are negotiated to provide flexibility in managing the Group's business needs. Management exercises significant judgement in determining whether these extension and termination options are reasonably certain to be exercised such as the cost of relocation and has included such options within the lease term.

## Incremental borrowing rate

The Group uses an incremental borrowing rate ('IBR') if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR reflects what the Group would have to pay, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease. The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs, such as market interest rates, when available and is required to make certain estimates specific to the Group such as a subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating.

## (b) Regis as lessor

Contracts with residents contain provisions for accommodation, use of common areas/facilities for provision of care and other services.  The  Group's  contractual  arrangements  relating  to  the  provision  of  residential  aged  care  and  retirement  living accommodation are leases pursuant to AASB 16 Leases , being the exclusive right to the use of a room/unit by a resident.

For residential aged care accommodation arrangements where the resident has elected to pay a RAD or accommodation bond, the Group receives a financing benefit, in the form of an interest-free loan. Under AASB 16 Leases , the fair value of this noncash consideration is required to be recognised as income (to reflect the interest-free loan financing benefit received on RADs and  accommodation  bonds)  as disclosed in  Note B1  and, correspondingly,  interest  expense  (to  record  the  financial  liability associated with RADs and accommodation bonds at fair value) as disclosed in Note D3 with no net impact on profit or loss.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C6. Operational Places and Goodwill

| Operational  places  Goodwill  Total  $000  $000  $000  At 30 June 2022  Cost  229,973  262,173  492,146  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (67,211)  (22,235)  (89,446)  Net carrying amount  162,762  239,938  402,700  Carrying amount at 1 July 2021  223,799  239,938  463,737  Amortisation  (61,037)  -  (61,037)  Carrying amount at 30 June 2022  162,762  239,938  402,700  At 30 June 2021  Cost  229,973  262,173  492,146  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (6,174)  (22,235)  (28,409)  Net carrying amount  223,799  239,938  463,737  Carrying amount at 1 July 2020  223,799  239,938  463,737  Carrying amount at 30 June 2021  223,799  239,938  463,737   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Available operational places

An 'available operational place' refers to a place that was allocated and has since become available for a person to receive residential  aged  care,  being  commonly  referred  to  as  'operating  places'  or  'bed  licences.'  In  previous  periods,  available operational places were assessed as having an indefinite useful life as they are issued for an unlimited period. However, in May 2021 the Australian Government announced in the  2021-22  Budget  that there  will be no  further  Aged  Care  Approval Rounds  (ACAR).  From  1  July  2024,  residential  aged  care  places  will  be  assigned  directly  to  senior  Australians,  giving consumers more control to choose an approved provider that best suits their residential aged care needs. In September 2021, the Department of Health and Aged Care (DHAC) released a discussion paper Improving Choice in Residential Aged Care ACAR Discontinuation  confirming  the  Australian  Government's  Budget  decision  to  discontinue  the  ACAR.  As  a  result,  the Australian Government announced its decision to discontinue operational places/bed licences from 1 July 2024. In accordance with Accounting Standards and guidelines issued by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ('ASIC') and the Company's  current  understanding  of  the  relevant  legislation  and  transitional  arrangements  relating  to  the  removal  of  bed licences, the Group has reassessed the useful life of its operational places. Consequently, Regis commenced amortising the value of operational places from 1 October 2021 on a straight line basis over their remaining economic life to 1 July 2024. This has resulted in a before tax amortisation expense in the profit and loss for the year ended 30 June 2022 of $61,037,000 with no impact to the cash flows of the Group. In addition, a related deferred tax liability of $18,311,000 has been partially reversed.

Operational  places  are  tested  for  impairment  if  events  or  changes  in  circumstances  indicate  that  it  may  be  impaired. Impairment testing is performed as described in the ' Impairment testing of goodwill and operational places ' section below.

## Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquiree at the date of acquisition.

Goodwill, that has an indefinite life, is not subject to amortisation and is tested annually for impairment or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it may be impaired. Impairment losses relating to goodwill cannot be reversed in future periods. Impairment testing is performed as described in the ' Impairment testing of goodwill and operational places ' section below.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C6. Operational Places and Goodwill (continued)

<!-- image -->

Key judgement, estimate and assumption: Useful life of operational places

The Group's assessment of the useful life of operational places is based on the Group's current understanding of the relevant legislation  and  transitional  arrangements  relating  to  the  ACAR  abolishment  as  from  1  July  2024.  Any  change  to  these arrangements or to other facts and circumstances may impact this assessment in future periods.

## Impairment testing of goodwill and operational places

Goodwill and operational places are allocated  entirely to the  Aged  Care operating segment  for the purposes of impairment testing because it is this CGU that is expected to benefit from these assets.

Regis  performs  impairment  testing  of  goodwill  annually  and  impairment  testing  on  goodwill  and  operational  places  when indicators of impairment exist by comparing the recoverable amount of the CGU against its carrying value. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the CGU's carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. Recoverable amount is the higher of the CGU's fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use. The carrying value of the CGU is determined on a basis consistent with the way the recoverable amount of the CGU is determined. The carrying value of the CGU represents those assets and liabilities that can be directly attributed or allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis.

<!-- image -->

## Key judgement, estimate and assumption: Recoverable amount

The assessment of the recoverable amount of goodwill and operational places involves significant areas of estimation and judgement  by  management.  These  judgements  relate  to  the  level  of  future  Australian  Government  funding  and  market conditions including facility occupancy levels. The key assumptions considered by management are detailed in the table on below.

The recoverable amount of a CGU is determined on a value-in-use calculation basis using discounted cash flow projections from financial forecasts approved by management covering a five-year period, after which a terminal value is applied, based on management's view of the longer-term growth profile of the business. The recoverable amount used to test the carrying amount is based on forward-looking assumptions which are uncertain. The introduction of the Australian Government new aged care funding model, the Australian National Aged Care Classification (AN-ACC), has introduced further uncertainty in relation to the future profitability of the business. It has been assumed that the new AN-ACC funding model will have a cost neutral impact on the profitability of the business over the five-year forecast period. The key assumptions include:

| Assumption  Description  Discount rate  The discount rate (pre-tax) of 11.2% (2021: 11.2%) applied to the cash flows for the CGU represents the  current  market  assessment of the risk specific to the CGU, taking into consideration the time value of  money and the individual risks of the underlying assets that have not been incorporated into the cash flow  estimates, including uncertainty associated with COVID-19. Further changes to the discount rate may be  necessary in the future to reflect changing risks of the CGU and changes in the weighted average cost of  capital.  Long-term growth  rate  The long-term growth rate of 2.0% (2021: 2.0%) reflects an assessment of inflation and perpetual growth  using economic data.  Net RAD and  accommodation  bond cash flow  Based  on  internal  expectations  in  relation  to  potential  RAD  movements  and  adjusted  accordingly  considering the average value of RADs received.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment test

Based on the results of impairment testing, no impairment of goodwill or operational places has been recognised in the current year. No reasonably possible changes in key assumptions that would result in an impairment were identified by management.

No impairment of goodwill was recognised in the prior year.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C7. Investment Property

Investment property relates to interests in operating retirement villages (comprising independent living units and apartments) and retirement village development sites held to earn revenue and capital appreciation over time.

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Carrying amount at beginning of financial year  158,646  148,129  Additions due to capital expenditure  1,452  1,359  Amounts written-off  (2,898)  (2,502)  Change in fair value of investment property development sites (ii)  5,360  6,431  Change in fair value of operating investment properties (i)  560  5,229  Carrying amount at the end of the financial year  163,120  158,646   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) The change in fair value of the operating investment properties in both the current and prior period relates to the retirement living operations in Queensland that were acquired in 2016 and the retirement living operation in Tasmania.

(ii) The change in fair value of the investment property development sites in the current period relates to the Blackburn South retirement village property in Melbourne and the Nedlands retirement village property in Perth.

## Investment property

Investment property is initially measured at cost, including transaction costs and subsequently at fair value with any change therein recognised in the statement of profit or loss. In addition, the tax base of the investment property is measured on the assumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be recovered entirely through sale, rather than through use.

## Fair value measurement, valuation techniques and inputs

## Operating investment properties

Fair value of operating retirement villages has been determined by independent appraisers by using a discounted cash flow valuation  methodology. These valuations are based on projected cash flows using current resident contracts and current available market data for similar retirement units / properties.

## Investment property development sites

Development  sites  contain  vacant  land  and  are  valued  on  the  basis  of  vacant  possession  for  redevelopment,  which  is consistent with their highest and best use.

Fair  value  has  been  determined  based  on  external valuations  performed  by  an  independent  appraiser  with  a  recognised professional  qualification  and  recent  experience  in  the  location  and  category  of  property  being  valued.    Fair  value  of development sites was determined with regard to recent market transactions of similar properties in similar locations to the Group's  development  sites  and  discounted  cash  flows.  Fair  value  varies  depending  on  location  and  current  market conditions.

For any investment properties under construction whereby the Group cannot reliably measure the property's fair value, the Group recognises that investment property under construction at cost until either its fair value becomes reliably measurable or construction is completed (whichever is earlier).

<!-- image -->

Key judgement, estimate and assumption: Impact of COVID-19 on external valuations

The independent valuers stated in their valuation  reports  that the COVID-19  pandemic  continues  to  cause  uncertainty  in some sectors of the local and global property markets, and therefore recommend periodic review of the property valuations.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C7. Investment Property (continued)

<!-- image -->

Key judgement, estimate and assumption: Investment property valuation assumptions

Investment property valuations are  subject to key market-based assumptions including discount rates, the current market value of residential units and the growth in those values over time. Given the volatility in markets and the lack of certainty around economic recovery, it is possible there will be movements in these key inputs after 30 June 2022. Demand may also be positively or negatively impacted by potential residents' perceptions of the advantages and disadvantages of living in a retirement community at this time.

To illustrate the exposure of the carrying amount of investment properties at 30 June 2022 to further fair value movements as a result of changes in the economic environment, a sensitivity analysis of fair value has been prepared for the key value drivers, as disclosed in the table below.

While  it  is  unlikely  that  these  drivers  would  move  in  isolation,  these  sensitivities  have  been  performed  independently  to illustrate the impact each individual driver has on the fair value. These assumptions do not represent management's estimate at 30 June 2022.

Investment properties are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy as defined at Note D6.

The following significant unobservable inputs are used to measure the fair value of the investment properties:

| ## Operating investment properties  Inputs used to measure fair value  30 June 2022  Sensitivity  Discount rate  14% - 15%  Increasing / decreasing the discount rates by 50 basis points  would  decrease  /  increase  fair  value  by  $894,000  and  $981,000 respectively.  Property price growth rates - medium term  3.00% - 3.75%  Increasing / decreasing the property price growth rates by 50  basis  points  would  increase  /  decrease  fair  value  by  $2,096,000 and $1,971,000 respectively.  Property price growth rates - longer term  3.00% - 3.75%  ## Investment property development sites  Inputs used to measure fair value  30 June 2022  Sensitivity  Discount rate  7% - 7.5%  Increasing  /  decreasing  the  discount  rate  by  50  basis  points  would  decrease  /  increase  fair  value  by  $2,899,000  and  $3,006,000 respectively.  Property price growth rates - medium term  Nil  Increasing / decreasing the property price growth rates by 50  basis points would increase / decrease fair value by $471,000  and $471,000 respectively.  Property price growth rates - longer term  Nil  Average tenure of residents  6 - 7 years  Increasing  /  decreasing  the  average  tenure  period  by  6  months  would  decrease  /  increase  fair  value  by  $3,251,000  and $3,368,000 respectively  .   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

|

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C8. Trade Payables and Other Liabilities

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Trade payables  13,255  9,038  Other payables  42,857  35,519  Deferred revenue  5,991  3,602  Fees received in advance  -  4,556  Total trade payables and other liabilities  62,103  52,715   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Trade payables and other payables

Liabilities  for  trade  and  other  payables  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  less  transaction  costs  and  are  subsequently carried at amortised cost. All amounts are non-interest bearing and have an average term of 30 days.

## Deferred revenue and fees received in advance

Deferred  revenue  includes  bond  retention  fees  and  deferred  management  fees  and  are  expected  to  be  recognised  as revenues  over  a  period  of  1  to  9  years.  Decreases  in  these  balances  generally  represent  the  recognition  of  revenues. Increases  in  the  balance  for  deferred  management  fees  generally  represent  deferred  management  fees  contractually accruing.

Deferred revenue and fees received in advance are contract liabilities.

Fees received in advance are expected to be recognised as revenues within one year. Decreases in this balance represent the recognition of revenues and increases represent fees received through Australian Government and resident funding.

Revenue  recognised  from  amounts  included  in  contract  liabilities  at  the  beginning  of  the  financial  year  was  $1,831,000 (2021: $1,386,000).

The carrying amount of payables at balance date approximates their fair value.

## Section C: Operating Assets and Liabilities

## C9. Provisions

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current  Employee entitlements  73,216  73,748  Other provisions  37,900  38,339  Total current provisions  111,116  112,087  Non-Current  Employee entitlements  5,771  7,338  Total non-current provisions  5,771  7,338   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The current provision for employee entitlements includes annual leave entitlements, which are presented as current although the Group does not expect to settle the full amount within the next 12 months.

## Provisions

Provisions are recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of a past event, it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. Where the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, for  example  under  an  insurance  contract,  the  reimbursement  is  recognised  as  a  separate  asset  but  only  when  the reimbursement  is  virtually  certain.  The  expense  relating  to  any  provision  is  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  net  of  any reimbursement.

## Annual leave, long service leave and other employee entitlements

Provisions are recognised for annual leave, long service leave and long-term incentives.

For employee benefits expected to be paid within twelve months, the liability is measured at the amount expected to be paid. The liability expected to be paid after twelve months is measured as the present value of expected future payments to be made in respect of services provided by employees up to the reporting date. The liability that has vested at the reporting date is  included  in  the  current  provision  for  employee  entitlements.  The  liability  that  has  not  vested  at  the  reporting  date  is included in the non-current provision for employee entitlements.

The current provision for employee entitlements includes annual leave entitlements, which are presented as current although the  Group  does  not  expect  to  settle  the  full  amount  within  the  next  12  months.  The  amount  of  annual  leave  that  is  not expected to be settled within the next 12 months is $13,024,000 (30 June 2021: $15,826,000).

## Potential Employee Entitlement Underpayments

As disclosed in the 2021 Annual Financial Report, Regis announced to the ASX on 9 August 2021 that it had identified potential underpayments of employee entitlements to certain current and former employees under its enterprise agreements.

These payment shortfalls had arisen because some employee entitlements due under various enterprise agreements were recorded inaccurately in the payroll system. This has led to incorrect payments to a number of employees.

Regis, with the assistance of external advisors, has commenced a review to determine the extent of the underpayments. While this review is ongoing, based on further analysis undertaken during the financial year, Regis has increased the provision from $35,000,000 to $37,700,000 at 30 June 2022.

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## IN THIS SECTION

This section outlines how Regis manages its capital structure and related financing costs, including its balance sheet liquidity and access to capital markets.

The  Board  determines  the  appropriate  capital  structure  of  Regis;  specifically,  how  much  is  raised  from  securityholders (equity) and how much is borrowed from financial institutions and capital markets (debt), in order to finance Regis' activities both now and in the future. The Board considers Regis' capital structure and its dividend and distribution policy at least twice a year ahead of announcing results, in the context of its ability to continue as a going concern, to execute the strategy and to deliver its business plan

## D1. Cash and Cash Equivalents

| 2022.  $'000.  2021  $'000  Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents  Cash at bank  3,838  3,596  Cash on hand  313  293  Bank overdraft  (11,397)  (14,920)  Total cash and cash equivalents  (7,246)  (11,031)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Included in cash at bank as at 30 June 2022 is $2,712,000 (2021: $2,712,000) bequeathed from a former resident.

## Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated statement of financial position comprise cash at bank, cash on hand and short-term deposits with an original maturity of three months or less. For the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents consist of cash and cash equivalents as defined above, net of outstanding bank overdrafts.

The weighted average effective interest rate applicable to cash and cash equivalents for the year was 0.22% (2021: 0.36%).

## D2. Interest-Bearing Loans and Borrowings

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Current  Bank overdraft - secured  11,397  14,920  Non-current  Bank loans - secured  95,664  131,431  Total loans and borrowings  107,061  146,351   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Loans and borrowings

Interest-bearing loans and borrowings are recognised initially at fair value less directly attributable transaction costs and are subsequently stated at amortised cost. Any difference between amortised and redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowing using the effective interest rate method. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in finance costs in profit or loss. The carrying amount of interest-bearing loans and borrowings is materially the same as the fair value.

The interest expense on these instruments is shown in Note D3. The weighted average effective interest rate applicable to debt for the year was 1.40% (2021: 1.49%).

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## D2. Interest-Bearing Loans and Borrowings (continued)

## Bank facilities

As at 30 June 2022, the Group has syndicated bank debt of $95,664,000 comprising the following:

| Maturity in the  financial year  ending  Facility limit  $'000  Utilised at  balance bate  $'000  Unused at  balance date  $'000  Facility A  March 2026  150,000  80,826  69,174  Facility B  March 2024  275,000  -  275,000  Facility C  March 2024  70,000  16,633  53,367  Bank guarantee facility  March 2024  20,000  334  19,666  Total syndicated bank debt facilities  515,000  97,793  417,207  Add: Overdraft facility  July 2023  25,000  11,397  13,603  Total facilities  540,000  109,190  430,810  Less: Bank guarantee facility  (334)  Less: Overdraft facility  (11,397)  Less: Establishment costs  (1,795)  Total loans and borrowings  95,664   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## D3. Finance Costs

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Interest expense on bank loans and overdrafts  1,771  2,882  Interest on refundable RADs  3,599  3,282  Imputed interest charge on RADs and Bonds  62,444  64,389  Interest expense on lease liabilities  332  381  Other  3,697  3,931  Sub-total finance costs  71,843  74,865  Less borrowing costs capitalised  (1,462)  (868)  Total finance costs  70,381  73,997   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

## D3. Finance Costs (continued)

Interest income is recognised in profit or loss as it accrues using the effective interest rate method.

Interest expense consists of interest and other costs that Regis incurs in connection with the borrowing of bank loans and overdrafts.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  are  expensed  as  incurred  except  to  the  extent  that  they  are  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition, construction  or  production  of  a  qualifying  asset  such  as  investment  properties  or  capital  works  in  progress.  Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to reach the stage of their intended use or sale.

Borrowing costs are capitalised to the cost of the assets while in active development until the assets are ready for their intended  use  or  sale.  Total  interest  capitalised  does  not  exceed  the  net  interest  expense  in  any  period.  Capital development project carrying values recognised in Capital Work in Progress, including all capitalised interest attributable to projects,  continue  to  be  recoverable  based  on  the  latest  project  feasibility  studies.  In  the  event  the  development  is suspended for an extended period of time or the decision is taken to dispose of the asset, the capitalisation of borrowing costs is also suspended. The capitalisation rate used to determine the amount of borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation is 2.96% (2021: 2.52%).

## D4. Other Financial Liabilities

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Refundable accommodation deposits (RADs) and bonds  1,267,547  1,188,278  Independent living unit and apartment (ILU/ILA) entry contributions  44,797  39,574  Total other financial liabilities  1,312,344  1,227,852   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Refundable accommodation deposits

A Refundable Accommodation Deposit ('RAD') is a non-interest-bearing deposit paid or payable to an Approved Provider by a resident for the resident's accommodation in an aged care facility.

Prior to 1 July 2014, lump sum RADs were referred to as accommodation bonds. Accommodation bonds were not payable by  residents  paying  a  high  care  accommodation  payment.    From  1  July  2014,  under  the  Living  Longer  Living  Better reforms, residents can choose to pay a full lump sum ('RAD'), a regular rental-type payment called a Daily Accommodation Payment ('DAP'), or a combination of both.

Accommodation bond balances are reduced by annual retention fees charged in accordance with the Aged Care Act 1997. However, retention fees are not applicable to post 1 July 2014 RADs.

RADs  are  refunded  after  a  resident  departs  a  facility  in  accordance  with  the  Aged  Care  Act  1997.  RAD  refunds  are guaranteed by the Australian Government under the prudential standards legislation. Approved Providers are required to have sufficient liquidity to ensure they can refund RAD balances as they fall due in the following twelve months. Providers are also required to implement and maintain a liquidity management strategy. As there is no unconditional right to defer payment for 12 months, RAD liabilities are recorded as current liabilities.

The RAD liability  is spread  across  a  large  portion  of  the  resident population  and  therefore  the  repayment  of  individual balances that make up the current balance will be dependent upon the actual tenure of individual residents.  Tenure can be more than ten years but averages approximately three years.  Usually (but not always), when an existing RAD is repaid it is replaced by a new RAD from an incoming resident.

RADs  and  accommodation  bonds  are  recognised  initially  at  fair  value  (being  the  cash  received)  and  subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest rate method. Due to the short-term nature of RADs, their carrying value at balance date approximates their fair value.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

102

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## D4. Other Financial Liabilities (continued)

## Independent living unit and apartment entry contributions ('Entry Contributions')

Entry  contributions  relate  to  Independent  Living  Unit  ('ILU')  and  Independent  Living Apartment  ('ILA')  residents.  An  Entry Contribution is the amount a resident lends to Regis, equivalent to the market value of the ILU/ILA in exchange for a lease to reside in the facility and have access to community facilities owned and maintained by Regis.

Entry contributions are non-interest bearing and are recognised at fair value through profit or loss with resulting fair value adjustments recognised  in  profit  or  loss.  Fair value  is  the  amount  payable  on  demand  and  is  measured  as  the  principal amount plus the resident's share of any increases in the market value of the occupied ILU/ILAs (for contracts that contain a capital  gain  share  clause)  net  of  deferred  management  fees  contractually  accruing  up  to  the  reporting  date  and  other amounts owing by residents, which are deducted from the loan on repayment following the resident's departure.

Entry contributions are settled after a resident vacates the property and the terms and conditions are governed by applicable Australian state-based Retirement Village Acts.

Entry contributions are classified as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy as defined in Note D6.

## D5. Financial Risk Management and Objectives

The  Group's principal financial liabilities  comprise of trade and other payables,  accommodation  bonds,  refundable accommodation deposits (RADs), independent living unit and apartment (ILU/ILA) contributions and interest-bearing loans and borrowings which are held mainly to finance the Group's operations. The Group's principal financial assets include trade and other  receivables  (excluding  GST  and  prepayments),  and  cash  and  cash  equivalents  that  are  derived  directly  from  its operations. The Group is exposed to market risk, credit risk and liquidity risk.

Primary  responsibility  to  review,  oversee  and  report  to  the  Board  on  the  Group's  financial  risk  management  systems  and strategies rests with the Audit, Risk &amp; Compliance Committee operating within an approved policy under the authority of the Board. The Group uses various methods to measure and manage different types of risks to which it is exposed. The Board ensures that the Group's financial risk activities are governed by appropriate policies and procedures and that financial risks are identified, measured and managed in accordance with the Group's policies and risk objectives which have been agreed upon by the Board. These are summarised below.

## Market risk

Market risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of financial instruments will fluctuate due to changes in market variables such as interest rates and resident accommodation prices. Financial instruments affected by market risk include cash, loans and borrowings, RADs and DAPs and derivative financial instruments. Market risk is managed and monitored by using sensitivity  analysis,  and  minimised  through  ensuring  that  all  operational  activities  are  undertaken  in  accordance  with established internal and external guidelines, financing and investment strategies of the Group.

## Interest rate risk

The Group's exposure to interest rate risk primarily relates to the Group's bank loans and borrowings when drawn. Interest rate risk  arises  from  the  possibility  that  changes  in  interest  rates  will  affect  future  cash  flows  or  the  fair  values  of  financial instruments. When bank borrowings are drawn, the Group reviews its exposure on a monthly basis and monitors its position in respect  of  fixing  interest  rates,  leaving  them  as  floating  rates  or  a  combination  of  both.  The  Group  constantly  monitors  its interest  rate  exposure.  Within  this  analysis,  consideration  is  given  to  potential  renewals  of  existing  positions,  alternative financing options and the mix of fixed and variable interest rates.

The Group primarily manages this risk exposure through entering into interest rate swaps from time to time, in which the Group agrees  to  exchange,  at  specified  intervals,  the  difference  between  fixed  and  variable  rate  interest  amounts  calculated  by reference to an agreed upon notional principal amount. There are no open interest rate swaps at the reporting date (2021: nil).

The Group's exposure to interest rate risks and the effective interest rate of financial assets and liabilities both recognised and unrecognised at the reporting date are disclosed in the table below. All other financial assets and liabilities are non-interest bearing.

At reporting date, all of the Group's cash and cash equivalents (Note D1) and interest-bearing loans and borrowings (Note D2) are exposed to Australian variable interest rate risk.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## D5. Financial Risk Management and Objectives (continued)

## Interest rate risk (continued)

As at 30 June 2022, if interest rates had moved, as illustrated in the table below, with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit and equity would have been affected as follows:

| Post-tax profit  Higher / (lower)  Equity  Higher / (lower)  2022  2021  2022  2021  $'000  $'000  $'000  $'000  Consolidated  +1% (100 basis points)  (721)  (1,354)  (721)  (1,354)  -1% (100 basis points)  721  1,354  721  1,354   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Price risk

The Group's exposure  to  price  risk  primarily  relates  to  the  risk  that  the  Australian  Government, through  the  Department  of Health and Aged Care (DHAC), alters the rate of funding provided to Approved Providers of residential aged care services. A fluctuation in the rate of Government funding may have a direct material impact on the revenue of the Group. In addition, the DHAC also administers the pricing of resident contributions.

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk that the counterparty will not meet its obligations under a financial instrument or customer contract, thus leading to a financial loss. The Group's exposure to credit risk arises from potential default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amount of the asset. The Group does not hold any credit derivatives to offset its credit exposure. Receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis with the result that the Group's exposure to bad debts is insignificant. The  current  economic  environment,  including  the  impact  of  COVID-19,  has  been  considered  in  determining  the  Group's exposure to credit risk.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with financial liabilities. This risk is  controlled  through  monitoring  forecast cash  flows and  ensuring  adequate access  to  financial  instruments that  are  readily convertible  to  cash.  In  addition,  the  Group  maintains  sufficient  cash  and  cash  equivalents  to  meet  normal  operating requirements. Also, as part of the Group's compliance with the User Rights Principles 1997 (made under the Aged Care Act 1997 ), the Group maintains a liquidity management strategy to ensure that it has sufficient liquidity to enable it to refund RAD and accommodation bond balances that are expected to fall due within at least the next 12 months.

The following table reflects all contractually fixed pay-offs and receivables for  settlement, repayments  and interest resulting from recognised financial assets and liabilities, including derivative financial instruments as at 30 June 2022. The undiscounted cash flows for the respective upcoming financial years are presented. Cash flows for financial assets and liabilities without fixed amount or timing are based on conditions existing at 30 June 2022.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

104

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## D5. Financial Risk Management and Objectives (continued)

The Group monitors its liquidity risk through rolling cash forecasts. The Group's objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the use of debt finance and operational cash flow. Access to sources of funding is sufficiently available with the Group being able to refinance debt when it becomes due. Maturity analysis of financial assets and liabilities is as follows:

| Note  1-12  Months  $'000  1-5  Years  $'000  More  than 5  Years  $'000  Total  $'000  30 June 2022  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  D1  4,151  -  -  4,151  Trade and other receivables  C1  17,910  -  -  17,910  Other current assets  C3  6,317  -  -  6,317  Financial liabilities  Bank overdraft  D1  (11,397)  -  -  (11,397)  Trade payables and other liabilities  C8  (62,103)  -  -  (62,103)  Lease liabilities  C5  (1,040)  (5,223)  -  (6,263)  Other financial liabilities  D4  (1,312,344)  -  -  (1,312,344)  Interest bearing loans and borrowings  D2  -  (95,664)  -  (95,664)  Net exposure  (1,358,506)  (100,887)  -  (1,459,393)  30 June 2021  Financial assets  Cash and cash equivalents  D1  3,889  -  -  3,889  Trade and other receivables  C1  9,086  -  -  9,086  Other current assets  C3  4,593  -  -  4,593  Financial liabilities  -  Bank overdraft  D1  (14,920)  -  -  (14,920)  Trade payables and other liabilities  C8  (52,715)  -  -  (52,715)  Lease liabilities  C5  (1,087)  (4,003)  (1,965)  (7,055)  Other financial liabilities  D4  (1,227,852)  -  -  (1,227,852)  Interest bearing loans and borrowings  D2  -  (131,431)  -  (131,431)  Net exposure  (1,279,006)  (135,434)  (1,965)  (1,416,405)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash  flows  from  refundable  accommodation  deposits  (RADs),  accommodation  bonds  and  ILU/ILA  entry  contributions  are classified as a current liability as the Group does not have an unconditional right to defer settlement for at least 12 months after the  reporting  period.  When  an  existing  RAD/accommodation  bond  is  repaid  it  is  usually  replaced  by  a  new  RAD  from  an incoming resident. A major risk facing residential aged care providers is that the spread of COVID-19 in a home may lead to a sizeable decline in occupancy if resident discharges are not matched by new resident admissions. This may in turn adversely impact RAD cash flows.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## D5. Financial Risk Management and Objectives (continued)

## Capital management

For the purpose of the Group's capital management, capital includes issued capital, and all other equity reserves attributable to the equity holders of the parent entity. The primary objective of the Group's capital management is to maximise shareholder value. In order to achieve this overall objective, the Group's capital management, amongst other things, aims to ensure that it meets  financial  covenants  attached  to  the  interest-bearing  loans  and  borrowings  that  define  capital  structure  requirements. Breaches in meeting the financial covenants would permit the banking syndicate to immediately call loans and borrowings. There have been no breaches in the financial covenants of any interest-bearing loans and borrowings in the current period.

The  Group  manages  its  capital  structure  and  makes  adjustments  in  light  of  changes  in  economic  conditions  and  the requirements of the financial covenants. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment to  shareholders,  return  capital  to  shareholders  or  issue  new  shares.    No  changes  were  made  in  the  objectives,  policies  or processes for managing capital during the years ended 30 June 2022 and 30 June 2021.

## D6. Fair Value of Financial Instruments

## Measurement of fair value financial instruments

The financial instruments on the balance sheet are measured at either fair value or amortised cost. All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised within the fair value hierarchy based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole. The measurement of this fair value may in  some cases be subjective and may depend on the inputs used in the calculations. The different valuation methods are called hierarchies and are described below:

- -Level 1 - Quoted (unadjusted) market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities
- -Level 2 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is directly or indirectly observable
- -Level 3 - Valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement is unobservable.

| Note  Level 1  $'000  Level 2  $'000  Level 3  $'000  Total  $'000  30 June 2022  Assets/(liabilities) measured at fair value  Independent  living  unit  and  apartment  (ILU/ILA)  entry  contributions  D4  -  (44,797)  -  (44,797)  Investment property  C7  -  -  163,120  163,120  Assets/(liabilities) for which fair value is disclosed  Interest-bearing loans and borrowings  D2  -  (95,664)  -  (95,664)  RADs and accommodation bonds  D4  -  (1,267,547)  -  (1,267,547)  Total  (1,408,008)  163,120  (1,244,888)  30 June 2021  Assets/(liabilities) measured at fair value  Independent  living  unit  and  apartment  (ILU/ILA)  entry  contributions  D4  -  (39,574)  -  (39,574)  Investment property  C7  -  -  158,646  158,646  Assets/(liabilities) for which fair value is disclosed  Interest-bearing loans and borrowings  D2  -  (131,431)  -  (131,431)  RADs and accommodation bonds  D4  -  (1,188,278)  -  (1,188,278)  Net exposure  (1,359,283)  158,646  (1,200,637)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Refer to the relevant note for information on how the fair values of the above financial instruments were derived. There were no transfers between level 1 and level 2 fair value measurements, and no transfers into or out of level 3 fair value measurements during the year ended 30 June 2022.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

106

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

## D7. Contributed Equity

Movements in ordinary shares

| Ordinary Shares, issued  and fully paid  Grant  Date  Fair  Value  Date  No.  $'000  At 30 June 2021  300,780,573  273,519  Share issue - performance rights  2.06  23 September 2021  53,192  110  At 30 June 2022  300,833,765  273,629   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs attributable to the issue of new shares are shown in equity as a deduction net of tax, from the proceeds.

Ordinary shares entitle the holder to participate in dividends and the proceeds on the winding up of the Company in proportion to the number of, and amounts paid on the shares held.

## D8. Dividends Paid and Proposed

The  Group  recognises  a  liability  to  make  cash  or  non-cash  distributions  to  equity  holders  of  the  parent  entity  when  the distribution is authorised, and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Group. A corresponding entry is recognised directly in equity.

## Dividends declared and paid during the period

During the year ended 30 June 2022, the 2021 final dividend 4.63 cents per share totalling $13,926,000 (50% franked) was paid on 30 September 2021 and the 2022 interim dividend of 3.52 cents per share totalling $10,600,000 (50% franked) was paid on 8 April 2022.

## Dividends proposed and not recognised as a liability

On  24  August  2022,  the  Board  of  Directors  resolved  to  pay  a  final  dividend  of  2.32  cents  per  share  totalling  $6,979,343 (50% franked) for the year ended 30 June 2022, payable on 30 September 2022 (record date 16 September 2022).

The  Group  recognises  a  liability  to  make  cash  or  non-cash  distributions  to  equity  holders  of  the  parent  entity  when  the distribution is authorised, and the distribution is no longer at the discretion of the Group. A corresponding entry is recognised directly in equity.

## Franking account balance

The franking credit balance of Regis Healthcare Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022 is $6,692,000 (2021: $2,013,000).

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

## Section D: Capital Structure and Financing

| ## D9. Reserves  Acquisition reserve  Remuneration  reserve  Total  $'000  $'000  $'000  At 30 June 2022  Opening balance at 1 July 2021  (101,497)  4,244  (97,253)  Equity settled share-based payments expense  -  354  354  Transfers to issued capital  -  (110)  (110)  At 30 June 2022  (101,497)  4,488  (97,009)  At 30 June 2021  Opening balance at 1 July 2020  (101,497)  4,035  (97,462)  Equity settled share-based payments expense  -  243  243  Transfers to issued capital  -  (34)  (34)  At 30 June 2021  (101,497)  4,244  (97,253)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Acquisition reserve

The acquisition reserve is used to accumulate the difference between the cost of shares issued by the Group and share buybacks.

## Remuneration reserve

The employee remuneration reserve comprises the fair value of share-based payment plans recognised as an expense in profit or loss.  Refer Note F3 for further details of these plans.

REGIS HEALTHCARE LIMITED | 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

108

## Section E: Group Structure

## IN THIS SECTION

This section includes information about the parent entity, Regis' subsidiaries and business combinations.

## E1. Parent Entity Information

The following information has been extracted from the books and records of Regis Healthcare Limited ('Parent Entity') and has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards.

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Information relating to Regis Healthcare Limited  Assets  Current assets  7,512  1,523  Non-current assets  606,848  493,652  Total assets  614,360  495,175  Liabilities  Current liabilities  1,972  1,972  Non-current liabilities  -  -  Total liabilities  1,972  1,972  Equity  Issued capital  482,249  478,350  Reserves  345  4,244  Retained earnings  129,794  10,609  Total equity  612,388  493,203  Profit of the parent entity  144,000  6,016  Total comprehensive income of the parent entity  144,000  6,016   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

There are no contractual commitments, guarantees or contingent liabilities with respect to the Parent Entity.

## Section E: Group Structure

## E2. Subsidiaries

The consolidated financial statements include Regis Healthcare Limited (ultimate parent entity, otherwise known as the Parent Entity) and the following wholly-owned subsidiaries. The subsidiaries are primarily engaged in the principal activity of owning and operating residential aged care facilities. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Company obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control  ceases. Control  exists where the Company has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the entity in order to obtain benefits from its activities.

| Country of  incorporation  2022  2021  %  %  Regis Aged Care Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Paragon Group Investments Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Group Proprietary Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Allora Pty Ltd ATF Allora Lodge Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Regis Canlod Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Home Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Grange - Wellington Point Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Group Properties Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Investments Pty Ltd ATF Regis Investments Trust  Australia  100  100  Regis Lakeside Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Management Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Bell Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Shelf Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Properties of Australia Proprietary Limited  Australia  100  100  Allora Drive Pty Ltd ATF Allora Drive Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Clover Brae Pty Ltd ATF Clover Brae Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Clover Side Pty Ltd ATF Clover Side Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Dawson Drive Pty Ltd ATF Dawson Drive Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Lakeside Way Pty Ltd ATF Lakeside Way Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Lillian Avenue Ltd ATF Lillian Avenue Trust  Australia  100  100  MacGregor Drive Pty Ltd ATF MacGregor Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Mewetts Road Pty Ltd ATF Mewetts Road Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Carers Connect Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Settlement Road Pty Ltd ATF Settlement Road Unit Trust  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia Holdings Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Hollywood) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia Operations Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia Operations (2) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Logan) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Fairway Nominated Entity Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Corinya Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis Crana Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Regis ACF Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Hurstville Gardens) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Inala) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Parklyn) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Sunset) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Preston) Pty Ltd  Australia  100  100  Retirement Care Australia (Port Macquarie Gardens)  Australia  100  100   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A deed of cross guarantee exists between Regis Aged Care Pty Limited (a subsidiary of Regis Healthcare Limited) and certain other subsidiaries. Regis Healthcare Limited is not a party to this deed and therefore the disclosure requirements of the deed are not applicable to these financial statements.

## Section E: Group Structure

## E3. Business Combinations

Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The cost of an acquisition is measured as the aggregate  of  the  consideration  transferred,  measured  at  acquisition  date  fair  value.  Acquisition  costs  incurred  are expensed and included in other expenses. When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets acquired and financial liabilities assumed for appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the  excess of the  aggregate of the  consideration transferred over  the fair value  of  net  identifiable  assets  acquired  and liabilities assumed. If this consideration is lower than the fair value of the net assets of the business acquired, the Group reassesses whether it has correctly identified all of the assets acquired and all of the liabilities assumed. If the assessment still  results  in  an  excess  of  the  fair  value  of  net  assets  acquired  over  the  aggregate  consideration,  then  the  gain  is recognised in profit or loss.

No business combinations have taken place in the year ended 30 June 2022 or 30 June 2021.

## Section F: Other Disclosures

## IN THIS SECTION

This section includes information about the financial performance and position of Regis, that must be disclosed to comply with Australian Accounting Standards, the Corporations Act 2001 and the Corporations Regulations 2001.

## F1. Related Party Disclosures

Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Short-term employee benefits  2,257  2,118  Post-employment benefits  130  119  Long-term employee benefits  5  3  Share-based payments  167  79  Total compensation of key management personnel  2,559  2,319   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## F2. Cash Flows from Operating Activities

Reconciliation of net profit after tax to net cash flows from operations

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Net profit/(loss) after tax  (38,799)  19,949  Non-cash items  Depreciation and impairment of non-current assets  42,070  43,893  Amortisation of operational places  61,037  -  Bond retention and deferred management fee income  (2,422)  (2,366)  Imputed income on RADs and Bonds  (62,444)  (64,389)  Imputed interest charges on RADs and Bonds  62,444  64,389  Profit on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  (2,818)  Net change in fair value of investment properties  (3,022)  (9,158)  Share-based payment expenses  354  243  Other non-cash items  1,957  384  Changes in assets and liabilities  (Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables  (8,824)  418  (Increase)/decrease in inventories  (796)  (3,220)  (Increase)/decrease in other current assets  (1,724)  (738)  (Increase)/decrease in income tax receivable  (9,280)  10,416  (Decrease)/increase in deferred tax liabilities  (17,100)  (2,939)  (Decrease)/increase in trade payables and other liabilities  9,388  623  (Decrease)/increase in RADs, accommodation bonds and ILU/ILA entry contributions  84,492  31,840  (Decrease)/increase in provisions  (2,538)  18,503  Net cash flow from operating activities  114,793  105,030   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Section F: Other Disclosures

## F2. Cash Flows from Operating Activities (continued)

Cash flows are included in the consolidated statement of cash flows on a gross basis and the GST component of cash flows arising from investing and financing activities, which is recoverable from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation Office, are classified as operating cash flows.  Inflows and outflows of RADs, accommodation bonds and ILU/ILA entry contributions are classified  as  cash  flows  from  operating  activities  as  they  are  considered  part  of  the  operational  business  model.  Upon entering a facility, a non-supported resident has a choice to pay either a RAD, DAP or combination RAD/DAP. If the resident pays a DAP then this is classified as revenue and forms part of the cash flows from operating activities.

## F3. Share-Based Payment Plans

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Expense arising from equity-settled share-based payments expense  354  243  Total share-based payments  354  243   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Equity-settled transactions

The cost of equity-settled transactions is determined by the fair value at the date when the grant is made using a risk neutral valuation model. That cost is recognised, together with a corresponding increase in the remuneration reserve in equity, over the period in  which the performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled in employee benefits expense. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at each reporting date until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group's best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The movement in cumulative expense is recognised in employee benefits expense.

No expense is recognised for awards that do not ultimately vest, except for equity-settled transactions for which vesting is conditional upon a market or non-vesting condition. These are treated as vesting irrespective of whether or not the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

All schemes are settled by physical delivery of shares.

## Movements in share-based payment equity instruments

The number for each equity-settled share-based payment scheme outstanding as at 30 June 2022 is set out below.

| LTI  STI VRRP  Number  Number  Outstanding at 1 July 2021  -  84,163  Granted during the year  -  289,619  Vested during the year  -  (53,192)  Forfeited during the year  -  -  Lapsed during the year  -  -  Outstanding at 30 June 2022  -  320,590  Outstanding at 1 July 2020  -  116,310  Granted during the year  -  -  Vested during the year  -  (32,147)  Forfeited during the year  -  -  Lapsed during the year  -  -  Outstanding at 30 June 2021  -  84,163   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A description of key terms of share-based payment plans is disclosed in the Remuneration Report.

## Section F: Other Disclosures

## F3. Share-Based Payment Plans (continued)

Valuation Assumptions and Fair Value of Equity Instruments Granted

<!-- image -->

Key judgement, estimate and assumption: fair value at grant date

The assessment of the fair value at grant date involves significant estimation and judgement by management. Valuations have an element of uncertainty and therefore may not reflect the actual values in the future.

The model inputs for performance rights granted during the year ended 30 June 2022 were as follows:

| STI VRRP  STI VRRP  STI VRRP  12 months  24 months  36 months  Grant Date  04/10/2021  04/10/2021  04/10/2021  Vesting Date  20/09/2022  20/09/2023  20/09/2024  Fair Value  $1.87  $1.76  $1.65  Grant Date Share Price  $2.00  $2.00  $2.00  Exercise Price  Nil  Nil  Nil  Life Assumption (Years)  1.0  2.0  3.0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## F4. Auditor's Remuneration

| 2022  $'000  2021  $'000  Amounts received or due and receivable by Ernst &amp; Young (Australia) for:  Fees for auditing the statutory financial report of the parent covering the group, auditing  the statutory financial reports of any controlled entities  657  649  Fees for assurance services that are required by legislation to be provided by the auditor:  -  Prudential reporting to the Department of Health and Aged Care  78  40  Fees for other assurance and agreed-upon-procedures services under other legislation or  contractual arrangements where there is discretion as to whether the service is provided  by the auditor or another firm:  -  COVID-19 grant audits  433  32  Total assurance service fees  1,168  721  Fees for other services:  -  Tax compliance  110  53  -  Regulatory advice  56  9  -  Streamlined financial reporting  -  30  Total auditor's remuneration  1,334  813   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## F5. Commitments

Capital expenditure commitments

As at 30 June 2022, capital commitments amounted to $9,788,000 (2021: $17,079,000). The capital commitments relate to ongoing aged care development activity.

## Section F: Other Disclosures

## F6. Contingent Liabilities

Contingent  liabilities  are  potential  future  cash  outflows  where  the  likelihood  of  payment  is  more  than  remote  but  is  not considered probable or cannot be reliably measured.

Contingencies are not recognised in the statement of financial position but are disclosed as follows:

## Bank Guarantees

As at 30 June 2022, the Group has bank guarantees totalling $334,241 (30 June 2021: $334,241).

While  the  Group  has  provided  these  guarantees,  the  probability  of  having  to  make  payments  under  these  guarantees  is considered remote.

## F7. Other Accounting Policies

## Treatment of Goods and Services Tax (GST)

Revenues, expenses and assets are recognised net of the amount of GST except:

-  In circumstances where the GST incurred on a purchase of goods and services is not recoverable from the Australian Taxation Office, in which case, the GST is to be recognised as part of the cost of acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense item as applicable; and
-  Receivables and payables are stated with the amount of GST included.

The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable to, the Australian Taxation Office is included as part of receivables or payables in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position.

## F8. Accounting Standards Issued but not yet in Effect

The Group has not early adopted any standards, interpretations or amendments that have been issued but are not yet effective.

There are no standards, amendments or interpretations that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.

## F9. Subsequent Events

## COVID-19 Pandemic

Regis anticipates ongoing COVID-19 additional costs in both outbreak and non-outbreak homes associated with staff expenses and infection prevention and control including the use of personal protective equipment (PPE) and rapid antigen test kits.

Depending on the spread of the virus, it also has the potential to continue to significantly disrupt the financial position of the Group including a decline in occupancy levels and significantly increased costs to continue to protect residents, clients and staff. The Group continues to work closely with health and regulatory authorities.

## Regulatory Penalty

On  11  August  2022,  the  Aged  Care  Quality  and  Safety  Commission  (ACQSC)  applied  regulatory  penalties  to  Regis  Port Coogee of a Sanction and Notice to Agree (NTA). Regis has complied  with all  actions and requirements stipulated by the ACQSC under the NTA and will be seeking review of the Sanction.

## Other Matters

No  other  matters  or  circumstances  have  arisen  since  the  end  of  the  financial  year  which  significantly  affected  or  may significantly  affect the operations of  the  Group,  the  results of those operations, or the state of  affairs of the Group in future periods.

## Directors' Declaration

In accordance with a resolution of the Directors of Regis Healthcare Limited, I state that:

1. In the opinion of the Directors:
2. (a) the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  notes  as  set  out  on  pages  7 1 to  11 1 are  in  accordance  with  the Corporations Act 2001, including:
3. (i) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated entity's financial position as at 30 June 2022 and of its performance for the year ended on that date; and
4. (ii) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001.
5. (b) the  consolidated  financial  statements  and  notes  also  comply  with  International  Financial  Reporting  Standards  as disclosed in Note A1; and
6. (c) there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they become due and payable.
2. This  declaration  has  been  made  after  receiving  the  declarations  required  to  be  made  to  the  Directors  by  the  Chief Executive  Officer  and  Chief  Financial  Officer  in  accordance  with  section  295A  of  the  Corporations  Act  2001  for  the financial year ended 30 June 2022.

On behalf of the Board

<!-- image -->

Graham K Hodges Chairman Melbourne, 24 August 2022

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 8 Exhibition Street Melbourne  VIC  3000  Australia GPO Box 67 Melbourne  VIC  3001

Tel: +61 3 9288 8000 Fax: +61 3 8650 7777

ey.com/au

## Independent Auditor's Report to the Members of Regis Healthcare Limited

## Report on the Audit of the Financial Report

## Opinion

We have audited the financial report of Regis Healthcare Limited (the Company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group), which comprises the consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 June 2022, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, and the directors' declaration.

In our opinion, the accompanying financial report of the Group is in accordance with the Corporations Act 2001 , including:

- a) giving a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 30 June 2022 and of its consolidated financial performance for the year ended on that date; and
- b) complying with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Regulations 2001 .

## Basis for Opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the auditor independence requirements of the Corporations Act 2001 and the ethical requirements of the Accounting Professional and Ethical Standards Board's APES 110 Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including Independence Standards) (the Code) that are relevant to our audit of the financial report in Australia. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## Key Audit Matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the financial report of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial report as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, but we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

|

<!-- image -->

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Repor t section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the financial report. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying financial report.

## Employee entitlements remediation

## Why significant

As disclosed in Note C9, during the year ended 30 June 2021 the Group identified that certain current and former employees were not paid in full compliance under the relevant enterprise agreement ('EA').

The Group, with the assistance of external advisors, is continuing to review the extent of the underpayments. Whilst this work is ongoing, as at 30 June 2022, the Group has provided $37.7 million based on management's best estimate at this point in time of the total cost to remediate the payment shortfalls, including interest and other associated costs.

The estimated cost of remediation is based on a significant volume of historical data from a number of different sources, involves a high degree of complexity, interpretation and application of relevant EA clauses which requires, judgement, estimation and remains subject to further analysis.

The provision for underpayment of current and former employees was considered a key audit matter given it is material to the statement of financial position and profit and loss of the Group and the determination of the provision is subject to significant judgements and estimates.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Our procedures included but were not limited to:

- Developing an understanding of the basis for management's best estimate of the provision and the key areas of judgement applied in determining the provision.
- Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the Group's external experts used to assist management in the interpretation of the EA's.
- Obtaining and assessing the assumptions used by management and their experts in developing the estimated cost of remediation.
- On a sample basis, evaluating the accuracy and completeness of the historical data used in the calculation of the provision.
- Considering the appropriateness of the extrapolation of data, statistical methods used and assumptions made in respect of employees and periods for which detailed calculations have not yet been performed at the reporting date.
- On a sample basis, recalculating the remediation estimate for a sample of affected employees.
- Assessing the appropriateness of the disclosures included in Note C9.

We involved our employment law specialists in the performance of these procedures.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

<!-- image -->

## Aged care development costs in progress

## Why significant

At 30 June 2022 the carrying value of capitalised aged care development costs in progress ('Capital Work in Progress') amounted to $102.3 million, as included within the balances of Land and Buildings ($81.5 million) and Capital Work in Progress ($20.8 million) disclosed in Note C4.

Capital Work in Progress relates to development of new aged care facility sites and refurbishment of existing aged care facilities. Aged care development costs incurred during the year that were capitalised to Capital Work in Progress amounted to $4.4 million.

Capitalisation of development costs involves judgement, including the feasibility of the project, intention and ability to complete the construction, ability to use or sell the assets, generation of future economic benefits and the ability to measure the costs reliably.

Determining the recoverable amounts of projects under development requires judgement and the use of assumptions that are affected by future market conditions or economic developments, including the ongoing impact of COVID-19.

Capital Work in Progress was considered a key audit matter due to the quantum of the balance and judgement required in applying the capitalisation criteria and carrying out the impairment analysis.

The Group has disclosed in Note C4 the accounting policy for the capitalisation of aged care development costs.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Our audit procedures included the following:

- Agreeing a sample of additions to supporting documentation and assessed whether the amounts capitalised were in accordance with the Accounting Standards.
- Evaluating key assumptions used and estimates made for amounts capitalised, including the feasibility of the project, the stage of completion for projects in the development phase and the measurement and completeness of costs included.
- Assessing whether costs were transferred to appropriate asset categories when ready for use on a timely basis and that appropriate depreciation and amortisation rates were applied.
- Assessing whether the capitalised costs of projects that are unlikely to proceed have been appropriately impaired and reduced from the balance.
- Considering whether there were any indicators of impairment present after examining the business case documentation of development projects, enquiries of executives responsible for management of the projects and comparing the cost of development to forecasts.
- Assessing the key inputs in the determination of the recoverable amount of ongoing projects under construction and performing sensitivity analysis in respect of these inputs.
- Assessing the adequacy of the Group's financial report disclosures in Note C4.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

<!-- image -->

## Fair value of investment properties

## Why significant

As at 30 June 2022 the recorded amount of investment property was $163.1 million, as disclosed in Note C7.

Investment property, which relates to the Group's retirement villages, is measured at fair value.

The Group engaged an external party to perform independent valuations of the Group's investment properties.

We considered this to be a key audit matter given the significance of the balance and the complex judgements involved in valuing the investment property. Judgements include estimating the starting value of units, occupancy forecasts, growth rates, capital expenditures, sales price and application of discount rates.

Given the market conditions at balance date, the independent valuers have reported on the basis of the existence of 'material valuation uncertainty', noting that less certainty, and a higher degree of caution, should be attached to the valuations than would normally be the case. This means there is a wider range of possible assumptions and values than at other valuation points in the past. In addition, property values may change unexpectedly over a relatively short period of time. In this situation the disclosures in the financial statements provide important information about the assumptions made in the property valuations and the market conditions at 30 June 2022.

For these reasons we consider it important that attention is drawn to the information in Note C7 in assessing the property valuations at 30 June 2022.

## How our audit addressed the key audit matter

We assessed the assumptions and estimates made by the Group in estimating the fair value of investment property.

Involving our real estate valuation specialists, our audit procedures included the following:

- Evaluating the competence, capabilities and objectivity of the external valuation expert.
- Assessing the valuation methodology used against generally accepted valuation practices.
- Assessing the results of the expert's analysis of comparable properties and analysis of other market evidence used as valuation cross-checks.
- In respect of information provided to the valuer by the Group our procedures included:
- Assessing the land area used in the valuation.
- Assessing the starting value of units.
- Testing a sample of resident contracts to occupancy data used in the valuation.
- Assessing capital expenditure, demolition and remediation costs and sales cost estimates in light of historical data.
- Evaluating the growth rates and discount rates used in the valuation.
- Assessing the adequacy of financial report disclosures regarding the valuation assumptions as disclosed in Note C7.

## Information Other than the Financial Report and Auditor's Report Thereon

The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the Company's 2022 Annual Report but does not include the financial report and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the financial report does not cover the other information and accordingly we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon, with the exception of the Remuneration Report and our related assurance opinion.

In connection with our audit of the financial report, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial report or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

<!-- image -->

## Responsibilities of the Directors for the Financial Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards and the Corporations Act 2001 and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of the financial report that gives a true and fair view and is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the financial report, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters relating to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Report

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial report as a whole is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of this financial report.

As part of an audit in accordance with the Australian Auditing Standards, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial report, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the financial report or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial report, including the disclosures, and whether the financial report represents the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

|

<!-- image -->

- Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the financial report. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the Group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated to the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial report of the current year and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## Report on the Audit of the Remuneration Report

## Opinion on the Remuneration Report

We have audited the Remuneration Report included in pages 58 to 69 of the directors' report for the year ended 30 June 2022.

In our opinion, the Remuneration Report of Regis Healthcare Limited for the year ended 30 June 2022, complies with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001 .

## Responsibilities

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and presentation of the Remuneration Report in accordance with section 300A of the Corporations Act 2001. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Remuneration Report, based on our audit conducted in accordance with Australian Auditing Standards.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young

BJ Pollock Partner Melbourne 24 August 2022

A member firm of Ernst &amp; Young Global Limited Liability limited by a scheme approved under Professional Standards Legislation

## SHAREHOLER INFORMATION

## TOP 20 Shareholders as at 23 August 2022

| Rank  Shareholder  23 Aug 2022  Balance  % Issued  Capital  1  Galabay Pty Ltd ACN 010 849 153  81,910,479  27.23  1  Ashburn Pty Ltd ACN 005 883 438  81,910,479  27.23  2  Citicorp Nominees Pty Limited  25,227,240  8.39  3  HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited  20,617,756  6.85  4  Woodross Nominees Pty Ltd  13,994,263  4.65  5  J P Morgan Nominees Australia Pty Limited  10,603,132  3.52  6  National Nominees Limited  9,182,226  3.05  7  BNP Paribas Noms Pty Ltd  6,369,681  2.12  8  Mandala Holdings Pty Ltd  4,760,000  1.58  9  Mr Vincent Michael O'sullivan  2,001,000  0.67  10  Mr Ross James Johnston  2,000,000  0.66  11  BKI Investment Company Limited  1,807,428  0.60  12  Australian Executor Trustees Limited  1,264,744  0.42  13  Netwealth Investments Limited  918,981  0.31  14  Ballian Investments Pty Ltd  787,934  0.26  15  Canto Holdings Pty Ltd  785,548  0.26  16  Sep Super Pty Ltd  748,830  0.25  17  HSBC Custody Nominees (Australia) Limited  700,000  0.23  18  BNP Paribas Nominees Pty Ltd Hub24 Custodial Serv Ltd  670,786  0.22  19  Bertalli Family Foundation Pty Ltd  600,000  0.20  20  Mrs Julia Michelle Manken &amp; Mr Mike Darren Manken &amp; Miss Jessica Kelly Manken  534,000  0.18   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Holding distribution as at 23 August 2022

| Range  Securities  %  Number of  holders  %  100,001 and Over  276,175,726  91.80  65  1.50  10,001 to 100,000  14,250,472  4.74  591  13.65  5,001 to 10,000  5,149,278  1.71  669  15.45  1,001 to 5,000  4,594,1 12  1.53  1,645  37.98  1 to 1,000  664,177  0.22  1,361  31.42  Total  300,833,765  100.00  4,331  100.00   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Substantial shareholders as at 23 August 2022

| Shareholder  Number of  shares  Issues  capital %  Galabay Pty Ltd ACN 010 849 153  81,910,479  27.23  Ashburn Pty Ltd ACN 005 883 438  81,910,479  27.23   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Performance Rights

| Class of security  Number of  holders  Number  Performance rights  9  286,191   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## GLOSSARY OF TERMS

## AASBs OR ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

Australian Accounting Standards issued by the Australian Accounting Standards Board

## ABN

Australian Business Number

## ACAR

Aged Care Approvals Round is a competitive process under which approved providers may be granted aged care places

## ACFI

Aged Care Funding Instrument

## ACN

Australian Company Number

## ACCOMMODATION BOND

The term used prior to 1 July 2014 to refer to a lump sum refundable accommodation deposit

## ACQSC

Aged Care Quality and Safety Commission

## ACQUISITION

Purchase of individual or a portfolio of existing operational aged care homes

## ADDITIONAL SERVICES

Services that are additional to care and services specified in the Quality of Care Principles 2014 . Providers may charge a fee for additional service by agreement with the resident.

## AGED CARE ACT

Aged Care Act 1997. The Aged Care Act is the main law that sets out the rules for Government-funded aged care including funding, regulation, approval of providers, subsidies and fees, standards, and quality of care

## AGED CARE ROYAL COMMISSION

Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety

## AN-ACC

Australian National Aged Care

Classification

## APPROVED PROVIDER

An aged care provider as accredited by the Department under the Aged Care Act

## ASIC

Australian Securities and Investments Commission

## ASX

Australian Securities Exchange

## BED LICENCE

An allocated place under the Aged Care Act, being a place that (when operational and occupied) is capable of attracting residential care subsidy on a per resident, per day basis (also referred to as a place)

## BOARD

The Board of Directors

## BROWNFIELD

An aged care development on a Regis site that adjoins an existing development

## CGU

Cash Generating Unit

## CLIENT

A person to whom home care services are provided

## CIRC

Clinical Incident Review Committee

## CMS

Company Medical Services

## CODM

Chief Operating Decision Maker

## COMPANY

Regis Healthcare Limited (ABN 11 125 203 054)

## CONSTITUTION

The constitution of the Company as amended from time to time

## CORPORATIONS ACT

Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)

## DAP

Daily accommodation payment

## DEPARTMENT

Department of Health

## DHAC

Department of Health and Aged Care

## DIRECTORS

The Directors of the Company

## DMF

Deferred management fee from residents within retirement living accommodation

## DTC

Day Therapy Centre

## EBITDA

Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation

## ELDAC

End of Life Directions for Aged Care

## EPS

Earnings per share

## FAMILY ESCALATION PATHWAY

An escalation of care process specifically for families to raise concerns if they feel a resident's health condition is significantly deteriorating and they do not feel their concerns are being acted on in a timely way. The Family Escalation Pathway provides an opportunity to partner with families and loved ones (who know the resident the best) to alert staff in the event of acute or unexpected decline and request an immediate clinical review. That may avoid critical delays and assists with catching deterioration early.

## GOVERNMENT

The Commonwealth Government of Australia

## GREENFIELD

A new aged care development or an additional stand-alone building on a Regis site that does not adjoin an existing facility

## GROUP

The Company and its subsidiaries

## GST

Goods and services tax as levied under the GST Law

## GST LAW GST

Law as defined in section 195-1 of A New Tax System (Goods and Services Tax) Act 1999

## HOME CARE SERVICES

Provision of services to support older people with complex care needs to live independently in their own homes

## IFRS

International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ('IASB')

## ILA

Independent living apartment

## ILU

Independent living unit

## KPI

A key performance indicator (KPI) is a measurable value that demonstrates how effectively a company is achieving key business objectives.

## LGBTQIA+

An evolving acronym that stands for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, intersex, queer/questioning, asexual. Many other terms (such as non-binary and pansexual) that people use to describe their experiences of their gender, sexuality and physiological sex characteristics.

## LTIFR

Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate refers to the number of lost-time injuries within a given accounting period, relative to the total number of hours worked in that period. LTIFR is a proxy measurement for safety performance. (Safe Work Australia Definition)

## MPIR

Maximum permissible interest rate as defined in section 6 of the Fees and Payments Principles 2014 (No.2)

## NPAT

Net profit after tax

## NPATA

NPATA represents statutory net profit after tax (NPAT) before amortisation of operational places

## OCCUPANCY RATE

The proportion of operational places occupied by residents

## OPAN

Older Persons Advocacy Network

## OPERATIONAL PLACE

A place available for occupancy by a resident

## PCC

Palliative Care Champion

## PLACE

An allocated place under the Aged Care Act, being a place that (when operational and occupied) is capable of attracting the residential care subsidy on a per resident, per day basis

## QUALITY INDICATOR PROGRAM

The mandatory National Quality Indicator program provides a method to measure important aspects of quality care through the collection, monitoring and benchmarking of quality data. Quality indicator data represents areas of high risk care that impact the health and wellbeing of residents.

## RAD

Refundable accommodation deposit

## REGIS

The business carried on by the Company and its controlled entities

## REGIS CLASSIC SERVICES

Available at select Regis Homes, and for a small extra charge, Regis Classic provides a range of extras including enhanced dining experience.

## REGIS CLUB SERVICES

Available at a range of our Regis Homes, is our premium service offering a suite of extra services such as enhanced dining experiences, an in-room entertainment bundle and a wide selection of pamper services, as well as additional extras and all coordinated by our Club Services Manager to ensure you enjoy the full suite of services.

## REGIS OR PARENT ENTITY

Regis Healthcare Limited

## REGIS QUALITY SCORECARD

A monthly report containing metrics that track and monitor the quality and safety of care being delivered to residents and clients. The scorecard helps us to identify and improve care delivery.

## REGIS RESERVE SERVICES

Available at a selection of our Homes and provides you with enhanced dining experiences, an in-room entertainment bundle and pamper services, as well as additional extras for an additional daily fee.

## RESIDENT

A person who occupies a place within an aged care home

## ROYAL COMMISSION

Royal Commission into Aged Care Quality and Safety

## RV

Retirement Village

## SHARE

A fully paid ordinary share in the capital of the Company

## SHAREHOLDER

A holder of shares

## SIGNIFICANT REFURBISHMENT

Refurbishment of a residence that meets the criteria in the Subsidy Principles 2014 qualifying the facility for a higher level of funding for Supported Residents

## SUPPORTED RESIDENT

A resident assessed as eligible for an accommodation supplement or concessional resident supplement. In this report, unless otherwise specified, a reference to a 'Supported Resident' includes 'concessional', 'assisted', 'supported' and 'low means' residents as defined under the Aged Care Act 1997 and the Aged Care (Subsidy, Fees and Payments) Determination 2014

## TRANSITIONAL CARE

Short term residential aged care which assists older people who are discharged from hospital to prepare to return home

## UNDERLYING EBITDA

Underlying EBITDA excludes imputed income on RADs and Bonds of $62,444,000 (30 June 2021: $64,389,000), $24,513,000 of net COVID-19 outbreak expenses and other one-off items, and includes operating lease expense of $1,423,000 (30 June 2021: $1,383,000)

## 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

Financial report for the year ended 30 June 2022

## SERVICE LOCATIONS

<!-- image -->

## South Australia

- Residential Care Homes

Regis Burnside

Regis Marleston

Regis Playford

Regis Kingswood

## Northern Territory

- Residential Care Homes

Regis Tiwi

<!-- image -->

- Home Care, Day Respite and Day Therapy Centres

Regis Home Care Darwin

Regis Day Respite Darwin

Regis Day Therapy Centre Tiwi

## New South Wales

- Residential Care Homes

Regis Belmore

Regis Elermore Vale

Regis Hornsby

Regis Hurstville

Regis Port Macquarie

Regis Port Stephens

Regis Rose Bay

## Western Australia

## Residential Care Homes

<!-- image -->

Regis Bunbury

Regis Como

Regis Embleton

Regis Greenmount

Regis Nedlands

Regis North Fremantle

Regis Port Coogee

Regis Weston

Regis Woodlands

<!-- image -->

## Retirement Living

Regis Hollywood Retirement Village

<!-- image -->

## Day Therapy Centres

Regis Day Therapy Centre Nedlands Regis Health and Wellness Centre Port Coogee

## Tasmania

## Residential Care Homes

<!-- image -->

Regis Eastern Shore

Regis Legana

Regis Norwood

<!-- image -->

## Retirement Living

Regis Norwood Retirement Village

<!-- image -->

## Home Care and Day Respite Centres

Regis Home Care Tasmania South

Regis Home Care Tasmania North

Regis Day Respite Tasmania North

Regis Day Respite Tasmania South

## Queensland

## Residential Care Homes

Regis Ayr

Regis Birkdale

Regis Bulimba Regis Caboolture Regis Chelmer Regis Ferny Grove Regis Gatton Regis Greenbank Regis Home Hill Regis Kirwan Regis Kuluin Regis Lutwyche Regis Maroochydore Regis Redlynch Regis Salisbury Regis Sandgate Griffith Regis Sandgate Lucinda Regis Sandgate Musgrave Regis Sippy Downs Regis The Gap Regis Whitfield Regis Wynnum Regis Yeronga

<!-- image -->

## Retirement Living

Regis Barambah Villas

Regis Bramble Bay Retirement Village

Regis Corinthian Court Retirement Village

Regis Farris Villas

Regis McDonald Court Retirement Village Regis Tallowwood Lodge Retirement Village

Regis Woodward Retirement Village

<!-- image -->

## Home Care and Day Therapy Centres

Regis Home Care Cairns

Regis Day Therapy Centre Cairns

Regis Day Therapy Centre Townsville

## Victoria

## Residential Care Homes

Regis Alawarra Lodge Regis Armadale Regis Blackburn Regis Brighton Regis Cranbourne Regis Dandenong North Regis East Malvern Regis Fawkner Regis Frankston Regis Inala Lodge Regis Macleod Regis Ontario Regis Ringwood Regis Rosebud Regis Sandringham Regis Shenley Manor Regis Sunraysia

<!-- image -->

## Retirement Living

Regis Inala Retirement Village

<!-- image -->

## Home Care, Day Respite and Day Therapy Centres

Regis Home Care Eastern Metro

Regis Home Care Mildura

Regis Day Therapy Centre Inala Village

Regis Day Respite Inala Village

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->