<!-- image -->

## RENAISSANCE ASIA SILK ROAD GROUP LIMITED

(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code 274

<!-- image -->

3546-

'48

## CONTENTS

| - Corporate Information 2  - Chairman's Statement 3  - Management Discussion and Analysis 5  - Biographical Details of Directors and Senior Management 17  - Corporate Governance Report 21  - Report of the Directors 38  - Independent Auditor's Report 49  - Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income 51  - Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 53  - Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 55  - Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 56  - Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 58  - Five Years Financial Summary 122  - Definitions 123   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE INFORMATION

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Mr. Qiu Zhenyi (Chairman of the Board) Mr. Zhu Shengsheng (CEO) Mr. Pan Feng Mr. Xie Qiangming

## NEDs

Ms. Ng Ching Mr. Xu Huiqiang (appointed on 28 November 2022)

## INEDs

Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca

(appointed on 3 August 2022) Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022) Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (chairman) (appointed on 3 August 2022) Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022) Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Tse Sze Pan (chairman) (appointed on 4 February 2022) Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022) Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022) Mr. Xie Qiangming

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. Qiu Zhenyi (chairman) Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022) Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022) Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022) Mr. Xie Qiangming

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Sun Shui

## AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

Mr. Zhu Shengsheng Mr. Xie Qiangming

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive

P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## HEAD  OFFICE  AND  PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS

Room 1208, 12/F West Tower Shun Tak Centre 168-200 Connaught Road Central Hong Kong

## BRANCH  SHARE  REGISTRAR  AND TRANSFER OFFICE IN HONG KONG

## Tricor Tengis Limited

17/F., Far East Finance Centre 16 Harcourt Road Hong Kong

## AUDITOR

## ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA Limited

23/F, Tower 2, Enterprise Square Five 38 Wang Chiu Road, Kowloon Bay Kowloon, Hong Kong

## LEGAL ADVISOR

## Reed Smith Richards Butler

(as to Hong Kong law) 17/F., One Island East Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road Quarry Bay Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKER

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

1 Queen's Road Central Hong Kong

## COMPANY'S WEBSITE

www.rasr.com.hk

## STOCK CODE

274

## To our valued Shareholders,

On behalf of the Board, I would like to present to our Shareholders and potential investors the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022.

In the past 2022 was a year in which the overall economic situation faced the pressure of multiple unexpected factors and continued to maintain the overall economic and social stability. It was also an extremely important year  in  the  development  process  of  the  Group.  The  new  Board  make  a  new  start,  takes  on  new  missions, forges ahead on a new journey with an unswerving spirit, and coordinates various tasks of stabilising the main business, promoting growth, expanding trading businesses, seeking financing, and preventing risks. Through the  concerted  efforts  of  the  whole  Group,  the  production  and  operation  of  the  Gold  Mine  are  operating normally  and  have  been  effectively  expanded,  the  new  acquisition  plan  is  being  actively  promoted,  the corporate governance mechanism has been effectively strengthened, and the future development strategy of the Group has become more and more clear.

Our main business production is operating normally. The production of Gold Mine continued to be stable, the production and storage conditions were improved, and the benefits of upgrading and to improve the quality of operation appeared. For the other trading businesses, the Group will continue to adjust its strategies prudently according to the current overall business environment and operating conditions.

The  expansion  of  the  main  business  is  steadily  advancing.  With  the  main  line  of  consolidating  and strengthening  the  main  business  operation  and  expanding  the  scale  of  the  main  business,  the  proposed acquisition of potential gold mine is progressing smoothly, which is positive for strengthening the strength of the group's main business of gold mining, increasing the assets of the main business, and improving the quality and efficiency of the group's main business operations boosting effect.

Adjustment  and  optimisation  of  corporate  governance  structure.  During  the  year,  serval  adjustments  were made to the Board, its committees, and the operation management level. Combining with the actual situation of the Group, it clarified the job functions and responsibilities of each senior executive, optimised the research, decision-making and operation process of daily operation and management, revised certain internal systems and  regulations,  and  clarified  the  internal  management  mechanism  and  division  of  responsibilities,  and gradually establish a lean, efficient, dedicated and professional team.

Open up new business opportunities. The two subsidiaries newly registered and operated by the Group have started their businesses, respectively participating in forestry deep processing projects and carrying out trade in  agricultural  products.  The  commercial  advisory  management  business  is  also  negotiating  with  the  local government to build a platform.

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

2023 is a crucial year for the Group's high-quality development. At present, the external environment we are facing is still severe and complex, and the characteristics of changes are obvious. However, the fundamentals of  the  long-term  economic  growth  have  not  changed.  We  are  facing  risks  and  challenges,  as  well  as opportunities  and  advantages.  The  Group  will  actively  respond  to  the  spirit  of  the  Central  Economic  Work Conference, better coordinate the effective improvement of operating quality and the reasonable growth of operating scale, insist on improving quality and efficiency, and win by quality. Always grasp the main line of supply-side structural reform, implement the general tone of expanding domestic demand, and seek progress while  maintaining  stability,  consolidate  and  strengthen  the  original  main  business,  expand  and  expand  the layout of the main business; open up trade channels, increase trade varieties, and develop trade scale. Build a closer partnership for green development, focus on mining resources and mining trade as the main business, and  drive  the  entire  chain  of  related  financial  services,  engineering  and  project  consulting  management services, investment management, project financing, and derivative resources.

On  behalf  of  the  Board,  I  would  like  to  express  my  heartfelt  thanks  to  the  Shareholders  and  stakeholders for  their  continued  support  and  concern.  I  would  also  like  to  express  my  heartfelt  thanks  to  the  Group's management and all staff for their hard work.

We will continue to work hard, forge ahead with down-to-earth working spirit, create benefits, and contribute more returns to Shareholders!

## Qiu Zhenyi

Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong, 19 April 2023

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL REVIEW

The Group is principally engaged in three business segments: (i) gold mining, exploration and trading of gold products in the PRC; (ii) trading of non-ferrous metal and wholesale and trading of frozen meat in the PRC; and (iii) provision of money lending services in Hong Kong (discontinued operation).

## BUSINESS REVIEW

## Mining Products

As stated in the previous annual reports and interim reports, Hunan Westralian started a mine enhancement project  in  2017  to  improve  the  output  quality  of  its  Gold  Mine.  At  present  (i)  the  rectification  of  mining technology  in  the  eastern  mining  area  of  the  Gold  Mine  has  been  completed,  and  has  obtained  the environmental  impact  assessment  approval  from  the  Ecological  Environment  Bureau  of  Huaihua  City,  Hunan Province  (' EEBHH ')  for  gold  mining  capacity  of  100,000  tons/year;  (ii)  the  existing  150  tons/day  ore processing plant has been closed; (iii) the construction of the new ore processing plant has been completed, and has obtained the environmental impact assessment approval from the EEBHH for ore processing capacity of 100,000 tons/year. The new ore processing plant is now in trial operation; (iv) the expansion of the tailings storage yard has been completed and is officially in use; and (v) a tailings filling system was installed in mid2022 and is currently undergoing testing. Hunan Westralian continues to implement continuous maintenance and  enhancement  works  program  annually  and  review  the  expansion  of  existing  mining  locations  within current  mining  right  (valid  until  31  December  2025).  In  addition,  Hunan  Westralian  will  explore  the  Jiufa mining area that is in the vicinity of the new processing plant.

Due to the limited and insufficient efforts and investments in exploration projects over the past years, resulting in  low  known  mineral  reserves,  insufficient  proven  mineral  for  mining,  and  the  reduction  of  the  area  of exploration right by the Department of Natural Resources of Hunan Province. Therefore, during the Reporting Period,  Hunan Westralian began to increase its exploration efforts within the scope of mining rights, with a view to increasing the mineral reserves available for mining.

Due  to  the  aforementioned  reasons,  the  mining  is  mostly  carried  out  at  the  same  time  as  exploration  with small-scale  manual  operations,  resulting  in  high  mining  costs.  Hunan  Westralian's  revenue  in  the  2022  was approximately HK$119.5 million, with a loss of approximately HK$47.6 million, which narrowed considerably compared to the Correspondence Period. Hunan Westralian expects this can be improved after the exploration project has made achievements in the future.

During the Reporting Period, Hunan Westralian has generated and sold gold products to customers that are engaged in metal trading operations on site, based on the weighted average trading price for gold published by the Shanghai Gold Exchange and on immediate payment against delivery basis.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

## Mining Products (Continued)

Based on (i) the aggregate of the probable reserves and 50% of the inferred resources of the Gold Mine as of 31 March 2015 (stated in the independent technical review updated report prepared by SRK in May 2015) less  (ii)  the  aggregate  of  50%  of  gold  from  sub-mining  ores  produced  from  the  mine  enhancement  projects and  other  works  and  100%  of  the  gold  output  on  a  planned  production  basis  in  2020,  Hunan  Westralian estimates that the remaining reserves and resources will support just over 14 years of operating at full capacity by the existing processing plant and (from November 2022) the new process plant. The Company will look to commission an update technical report at an appropriate time to 'upgrade' the reserves and/or resources of the gold mine.

## Trading of Coal

As  mentioned  in  the  2021  Annual  Report  and  2022  Interim  Report,  taking  into  various  factors,  the Management has decided to temporarily suspend this trading business in order to reallocate resources to other potential development projects.

## Trading of Non-Ferrous Metal and Wholesale and Trading of Frozen Meat

As mentioned in the 2022 Interim Report, due to the impact of the epidemic, the two Thai chicken factories that supplied the most to the Group were suspended from importing by the Chinese customs. It was notified by  the  factories  that  they  failed  to  resumed  supply  in  the  second  half  of  2022  as  planned,  which  seriously affected the business of this segment of the Group. After the relaxation of epidemic control in the mainland China, the Group has organised a site visit to inspect their production status and the timetable for resuming exports to China, and was informed that the factories are still waiting for the reply from the relevant Chinese authorities, and the supply is expected to be delayed until June 2023.

The Group is actively expanding the supply channels of the Belarus factory. In the second half of 2022, the supply  relationship  was  basically  confirmed,  and  the  trial  order  was  completed.  The  supply  agreement  is expected to be formally signed in the first half of 2023.

At  the  same  time,  in  order  to  improve  the  financial  performance  of  this  segment,  the  Group's  trading  team actively  carried  out  the  nickel  metal  warehouse  receipt  business  under  the  strict  control  environment  in mainland China.

## BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued)

## Money Lending Business (discontinued operation)

As  mentioned  in  the  2022  Interim  Report,  considering,  inter  alias,  the  current  global  economy,  politics, epidemic, risk and cost control management and the Group's future development strategy, the Management decided  to  dispose  the  business  to  an  independent  third  party  at  a  consideration  of  HK$0.8  million  and officially  terminated  the  operation  of  this  business  segment  in  the  third  quarter  of  2022,  such  disposal  has been  completed.  The  Directors  (including  the  independent  non-executive  Directors)  considered  that  the disposal  has  no  material  negative  impact  on  the  Group's  financial  position,  and  the  consideration  of  the disposal was arrived at arm's length negotiations between the two parties on normal commercial terms, and was fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Company and its Shareholders as a whole. The Directors also take into account a number of factors in making their decision, in particular the current financial situation of  the  subsidiary  and  its  business  prospects.  The  Group  did  not  grant  new  loan  to  customers  during  the Reporting Period and the gain on disposal is approximately HK$0.35 million.

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of approximately HK$207.4 million for continuing operations,  representing  an  increase  of  approximately  77.6%  as  compared  with  approximately  HK$116.8 million for the Corresponding Period. The increase in the Group's revenue was mainly due to steady increase in  revenue  from  sales  of  gold  products  after  the  mining  business  segment  resumed  normal  operations  from August 2020, as well as the expansion of the trading volume of the Group's subsidiaries.

The revenue from continuing operations of the Group contributed by the mining products business segment during the Reporting Period was approximately HK$119.5 million, representing an increase of approximately 39.1% as compared with approximately HK$85.9 million for the Corresponding Period. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the technological upgrading of an existing ore processing plant to enable it to achieve an average production capacity of 4,000 tons/month since August 2020, when it resumed normal operations and sales of gold products.

During the Reporting Period, the Group's money lending segment (discontinued operation) did not generate revenue, mainly due to the fact that no new loans were granted during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period, the revenue from continuing operations of the Group by trading of non-ferrous metal and wholesale and trading of frozen meat was approximately HK$88.0 million, representing an increase of approximately 184.4% as compared with approximately HK$30.9 million for the Corresponding Period. The increase in revenue was mainly due to the fact that the frozen meat trading market was slightly impacted by the epidemic, but the management continued to strive to expand the trading business, and has launched nonferrous metal trading business in 2022. During the Reporting Period, trading of coal was tentatively suspended due to the reasons mentioned in the subsection 'Trading of Coal' above and did not contribute revenue.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## FINANCIAL REVIEW (Continued)

The  gross  profit  of  the  continuing  operations  of  the  Group  for  the  Reporting  Period  was  approximately HK$70.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 39.4% as compared with approximately HK$50.3 million for the Corresponding Period.

The  loss  for  the  Reporting  Period  from  continuing  operations  and  discontinuing  operation  of  the  Group was  approximately  HK$61.9  million,  representing  a  decrease  of  approximately  38.7%  as  compared  with approximately  HK$101.0  million  for  the  Corresponding  Period.  The  decrease  in  loss  was  mainly  due  to  the gross  profit  increased  slightly  compared  to  the  Corresponding  Period  of  approximately  HK$19.8  million, and  the  impairment  loss  on  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  approximately  HK$24.4  million,  representing a  decrease  of  approximately  52.5%  as  compared  with  approximately  HK51.3  million  for  the  Corresponding Period, and the impairment loss of mining right of approximately HK$5.7 million, representing a decrease of approximately 74.4% as compared with approximately HK$22.2 million for the Corresponding Period.

## EXTRACT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

The following is the extract of the independent auditor's report from the Auditor:

## 'Disclaimer of Opinion ('Disclaimer of Opinion')

We  do  not  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group.  Because  of  the significance of the material uncertainty relating to the going concern basis described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, it is not possible for us to form an opinion on these consolidated financial statements.  In  all  other  respects,  in  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion

We draw attention to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements which mentions that the Group incurred a loss of approximately HK$61,892,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022 and as at 31 December 2022 the  Group had net current liabilities  and  net  liabilities  approximately  HK$323,519,000  and  HK$125,139,000 respectively.  These  conditions  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  which  may  cast  significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity of which depends upon (i) the successful completion of various proposed measures and (ii) the successful outcome that certain measures to improve its financial position, to provide  liquidity  and  cash  flows.  The  consolidated  financial  statements  do  not  include  any  adjustments  that would result from the failure to complete various proposed measures and the failure to improve its financial positions to provide liquidity and cash flows. We consider that the material uncertainty has been adequately disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. However, in view of the extent of the multiple uncertainties relating  to  (i)  the  successful  completion  of  various  proposed  measures  and  (ii)  the  successful  outcome  that certain measures to improve its financial position, to provide liquidity and cash flows, we disclaim our opinion in respect of the material uncertainty relating to the going concern basis.'

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## THE  MANAGEMENT'S  POSITION,  VIEW  AND  ASSESSMENT  ON  THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

Regarding the disclaimer of opinion in relation to the going concern issue of the Group raised by the Auditor as  set  out  in  the  previously  annual  reports  and  this  report,  the  Group  has  taken  and  will  continue  to  take certain measures (' Proposed Measures ') to improve the Group's working capital and cash flow position and mitigate its liquidity pressure. Save for the following Proposed Measures summary updates, as at the date of this  report,  there  have  been  no  material  changes in respect of this matter since the publication of the 2021 Annual Report and 2022 Interim Report:

## Proposed Measures

## Current status

| The  Group  is  actively  negotiate  with  the  financial institution(s)  for  obtaining  additional  financing/new borrowings  The Group is actively liaising with financial institutions/ individuals/bankers  to  seek  new  loan  facilities  with lower  interest  rate  and  longer  maturities  to  improve the  current  financial  position  of  the  Group.  Up  to date  of  this  report,  Hunan  Westralian  has  obtained several  financing  from  individuals.  This  measure  will be  under  monitoring  and  may  be  adjusted  based  on actual  funding  need  and  the  results  of  other  possible fundraising activities of the Group as mentioned below  The  Group  has  obtained  letters  of  undertakings from  substantial  shareholders  of  the  Company confirming that they will provide continued financial support to the Group to meet its present and future financial obligations as they fall due  ## Obtained  The  Group  will  actively  negotiate  and  obtain additional funds through fundraising activities  On  2  July  2021,  the  Company  issued  252,542,676 Shares  to  independent  third  parties  and  raised approximately  HK$59 million  net  proceeds  and  mainly used  for  partial  repayment  of  the  Group's  high  yield borrowings  which  have  been  taken  out  to  fund  the mining  operations  of  the  Group  in  the  PRC,  and general  working  capital.  The  Group  will  continue to  actively  liaise  with  the  financial  institutions  and other  potential  investors  to  invest  in  the  Group  by way  of  placement  of  new  shares,  issue  of  convertible bonds  or  other  financial  activities  etc.  to  repay  the high-interest  debt  and  to  fund  its  working  capital. Further  announcement(s)  will  be  made  as  and  when appropriate  subject  to  the  applicable  regulations  and rules   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## THE  MANAGEMENT'S  POSITION,  VIEW  AND  ASSESSMENT  ON  THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION (Continued)

## Proposed Measures

The  Group  will  continue  to  negotiate  with  the Group's  creditors  with  a  view  to  extend  the repayment terms of the Group's current liabilities as they fall due or by other methods to repay the debts

The  Management  will  continue  to  save  or  reduce costs  aiming  at  improving  the  working  capital  and cash flow of the Group, including close monitoring of administrative expense and operating cost

## Current status

A  loan  extension  agreement  has  been  successfully entered  into  with  the  major  creditor  to  extend  the repayment  date  to  31  March  2023  and  reduce the  relevant  interest  rate  to  10%  per  annum.  The Management  is  actively  liaison  with  the  remaining creditors,  and  the  creditors  have  initially  agreed  to extend  the  loans  to  2023,  details  and  final  terms and  conditions  are  still  under  negotiation,  and  the Management  will  try  its  best  to  strive  for  a  longer repayment period and lower interest rate

On  12  January  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  the settlement  agreement  in  relation  to  the  issue  and subscription  of  new  shares.  The  indebtedness  due  to subscriber  was  to  be  settled  in  full  by  the  Company by  the  issue  and  allotment  of  66,334,814  settlement shares  to  subscribe  at  the  subscription  price  of HK$0.27 per Share on 30 January 2023

During  the  Reporting  Period,  Hunan  Westraian's production  increased  proportionally,  while management and administration costs did not increase significantly.  The  management  believed  that  through continuous  cost  control,  it  will  further  increase the  output  of  Gold  Mine  and  eventually  achieve profitability.  The  Management  will  continue  monitor its  cost  and  expenses  to  control  and/or  reduce  those unnecessary  administrative  costs,  expenses  and/or other  operating  costs,  while  the  Group  can  still  able to  maintain  its  existing  operations  and  explore  further business development smoothly

Taking all of the above measures and/or actions into consideration, the Board considers and is confident that the Group will have sufficient liquidity to finance its operations for the next twelve months and therefore is of the view that the Group would be able to continue its businesses and operations as a going concern and the going concern issue will be fully resolved in the immediate future.

## THE  MANAGEMENT'S  POSITION,  VIEW  AND  ASSESSMENT  ON  THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION (Continued)

## Audit Committee's View on the Disclaimer of Opinion

The Audit Committee had critically reviewed the Disclaimer of Opinion, the Management's position concerning the  Disclaimer  of  Opinion  and  measures  taken  by  the  Group  for  addressing  the  Disclaimer  of  Opinion.  The Audit  Committee  agreed  with  the  Management's  position  based  on  the  above  updates  on  the  Proposed Measures. Moreover, the Audit Committee requested the Management to take all necessary actions to address the impact of the Disclaimer of Opinion and strives that no such Disclaimer of Opinion will appear in the next audited financial statements. The Audit Committee had also discussed with the Auditor regarding the financial position of the Group, measures taken and to be taken by the Group, and considered the Auditor's rationale and understood their consideration in arriving their opinion.

For  further  details,  please  also  refer  to  the  subsection  headed  'Disclaimer  of  Opinion'  of  the  Corporate Governance Report on pages 30 to 33.

## RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The  Board  believes  that  risk  management  is  important  and  shall  use  its  best  effort  to  ensure  it  is  sufficient to  mitigate  the  risk  present  in  the  Group  operations  and  financial  positions  as  efficiently  and  effectively  as possible.

## BUSINESS RISK

The PRC local, provincial and central authorities exercise a substantial degree of control over the gold industry in  China.  Hunan  Westralian's  operations  are  subject  to  a  range  of  PRC  laws,  regulations,  policies,  standards and  requirements  in  relation  to,  among  other  things,  mine  exploration,  development,  production,  taxation, labour standards, occupational health and safety, waste treatment and environmental protection and operation management.

The Management has been looking into different kinds of business and investment opportunities to broaden the  sources  of  income  of  the  Group  in  order  to  manage  the  risks  associated  with  the  volatility  of  the commodities prices that can have a material impact on the Group's mining operations and to create greater value for the Shareholders.

The  functional  manager  will  carefully  scrutinise  each  project  for  related  risks  and  returns.  These  include assessment  of  relevant  government  policies,  market  demand,  market  conditions  and  economic  data.  The Management is responsible for supervision, conducting regular operational reviews and keeping the Board fully informed through regular reports (either in written or verbal form) and enabling the Board to make prompt decisions if changes are required.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## OPERATIONAL RISK

Hunan  Westralian  faces  certain  risks  and  uncertainties  beyond  their  control  from  manmade  and  natural disasters. These risks and uncertainties mainly include: (i) major catastrophic events and natural disasters; (ii) geological  or  mining  conditions  such  as  instability  of  the  slopes  and  subsidence  of  the  working  areas;  (iii) unexpected  or  periodic  interruptions  due  to  inclement  or  hazardous  weather  conditions;  (iv)  disruptions  or shortages  of  water,  power  or  fuel  supply;  (v)  industrial  or  manmade  accidents  occurring  in  connection  with mining processing operations; and (vi) critical equipment failures, malfunction and breakdowns of information management  systems,  or  unexpected  maintenance  or  technical  problems.  Hunan  Westralian  has  engaged a  local  safety  assessment  company,  which  is  an  independent  third  party,  to  assess  the  safety  status  of  the eastern Gold Mine. It is believed that the eastern Gold Mine has fulfilled the conditions of safe production in accordance to the relevant government laws and regulations.

The  front-line  or  functional  manager  will  review  key  activities  of  the  Group  and  ensure  all  required  control procedures,  including  financial  and  operational,  are  fully  implemented.  Precautionary  and  contingency measures are also set up to ensure the Group is protected against major potential loss, damage or impact to the business operations.

## FINANCIAL RISK

The market price of standard gold traded on Shanghai Gold Exchange follows international gold price trend closely. Historically, the gold market price has fluctuated widely and experienced periods of significant decline. The gold market prices are influenced by numerous factors such as demand and supply of gold, gold sales and purchases  by  central  banks  as  well  as  macro-economic  or  political  factors  such  as  inflation  expectation  and interest rates.

The  Management closely  monitors  the  financial  risks  and  when  appropriate  will  adopt  measures  to  manage and  obtained  approval  from  the  Directors.  The  Group's  cash  and  financing  positions  are  closely  monitored at  the  corporate  level  through  regularly  reporting.  The  maturity  of  receivable  and  payable  are  planned  and managed to reduce liquidity risk.

## ENVIRONMENT PROTECTION

The Group is committed to contributing to the sustainability of the environment from its business activities. The Group has established measures and created certain environmental frameworks to minimise and monitor the  environmental  impacts  attributable  to  its  operations.  The  Group  implemented  the  green  office  practices such as re-deployment of office furniture as far as possible, encouraging the use of recycled paper for printing and copying and reducing energy consumption by switching off idle lightings and electrical appliances.

## WORKPLACE QUALITY

The Group believes that employees are valuable assets and all indispensable to a company's success, therefore, the Group will use its best effort to attract and retain appropriate personnel to serve the Group. The objective of  the  Group's  human  resource  policy  is  to  reward  and  recognise  the  top-performing  staff  by  providing attractive  remuneration  packages,  which  are  reviewed  annually  and  as  required.  The  remuneration  packages are  determined  with  reference  to  the  responsibilities,  qualifications  and  experience,  duties  and  performance of  individuals  as  well  as  prevailing  market  compensation  packages.  The  Group  also  allocates  resources  in training,  retention  and  recruitment  programs,  and  encouraging  the  staff  to  strive  for  self-development  and improvements to cope with the rapidly changing environment.

## PROSPECTS

As  mentioned in the  'Mining Products' subsection above, as at the date of this report, the eastern mining area  and  the  new  ore  processing  plant  (both  with  100,000  tons/year  capacity)  have  completed  rectification or  construction,  and  have  obtained  relevant  environmental  impact  assessment  approvals  and  are  in  trial operations.  Hunan  Westralian  will  continue  to  implement  continuous  maintenance  and  enhancement  works program  annually  and  review  the  expansion  of  existing  mining  locations  within  current  mining  right,  and explore the Jiufa mining area near the new processing plant.

In order to continue its effort to improve its mining capability and facilities, with the goal of maximising the quality  and  output  efficiency  of  the  Gold  Mine,  Hunan  Westralian  is  planning  to  carry  out  technical  reforms and rectification of the western mining area. At the same time, the Company will also look to commission an update technical report at an appropriate time to 'upgrade' the reserves and/or resources of the gold mine. In addition, in order to improve the living standards of employees, Hunan Westralian plans to add a dormitory building.

The Management believes that the performance of mining products segment will gradually improve as the gold price may continue to rise. The Management will monitor the capital needs for the aforesaid improvement and exploration projects, explore suitable financing opportunities when necessary, and inject capital based on the actual situation.

In  addition,  the  Management  will  explore  other  strategic  investment  opportunities  in  mining  ancillary businesses or bullion related businesses to enhance the business prospects of the Group, thereby maximising the value for the Shareholders.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## PROSPECTS (Continued)

During the Reporting Period, the Company has identified a potential suitable gold mine project located in Jilin, China  (' Project '),  which  is  in  line  with  the  Group's  principal  business  activities  and  development  direction. The Management is conducting financial and legal due diligence on the Project and negotiating terms with the potential vendor for a possible acquisition of the Project (' Potential Acquisition ') which involves the Group's possible  acquisition  of  Huadian  City  Xinya  Mining  Co.,  Ltd. （樺甸市新亞礦業有限公司） (' Xinya ')  (which owns the Project, i.e.  a  gold  mine  with  an  area  of  approximately  0.6581  square  kilometers  in  Jilin  Province, China) from Huadian City Huafeng Mining Co., Ltd. （樺甸市華豐礦業有限責任公司） (' Potential Vendor '). On 24 November 2022, the Company has commenced due diligence on the Project and negotiation with the Potential  Vendor  by  entering  into  a  memorandum  of  understanding,  which  provides  an  initial  framework  of the  Potential  Acquisition.  Since  various  matters  of  the  Potential  Acquisition  are  still  in  progress  and  under negotiation,  and  no  final  decision  has  been  reached,  the  Group  may  or  may  not  proceed  with  the  Potential Acquisition subject to the satisfaction of the due diligence results and agreement on the acquisition terms with the Potential Vendor. Should there be any positive progress on the Potential Acquisition, further announcement will be made by the Company as and when appropriate to release more information about the Project and/or the Potential Acquisition.

Regarding the coal trading, due to factors such as gradually strengthened national environmental governance policies,  low  cost-effectiveness  and  profit  margin,  and  cost  control  measures,  the  Management  has  decided to  tentatively  suspend  this  trading  business  in  order  to  reallocate  resources  to  other  potential  development projects.  As  for  the  money  lending  business,  considering  the  current  global  economy,  politics,  epidemic situation,  risk  and  cost  control  management,  as  well  as  the  Group's  future  development  strategy,  the Management has disposal this business to an independent third party and officially terminated it in the third quarter operate this business segment.

With the efforts of the management of the subsidiary, the operation of wholesale and trading of frozen meat has gradually stabilised. In addition to continuing to find customers with stable demand, and stable low-cost supply channel to achieve better profitability, the management of the subsidiary is still exploring the possibility of  expanding  its  business  scope  to  other  frozen  meats  such  as  beef,  pork  and  seafood,  with  a  view  to eventually achieve the goal of establishing its own online store and cold-chain e-commerce and/or cooperation with large e-commerce platform.

The Group has made a capital contribution of HK$55 million to the Target Company and owns 10.89% equity interest  in  the  capital  of  the  Target  Company  (which  principally  engaged  in:  (i)  comprehensive  utilisation of  waste  resources;  (ii)  procurement,  processing,  production  and  sales  of  metal  scrap  and  metal-containing waste;  (iii)  trading  in  mineral  products;  and  (iv)  sales  of  metal  materials  in  Jiangxi  Province,  PRC)  as  at  the date of this report. The Company will adjust its strategy towards the Target Company depending on its future performance, and may consider selling it to improve the Group's financial position. Details of the fair value of this investment as at the 31 December 2022, its performance for the Reporting Period and other information, please refer to note 22 to the consolidated financial statements of this report.

## PROSPECTS (Continued)

After  a  thorough  survey  of  the  global  economic  environment,  the  trend  of  China's  future  economic  and business  development  model,  and  the  future  development  of  the  Company's  existing  business,  the  Board believes  that  in  addition  to  keeping  up  with  the  development  pace  and  business  opportunities  of  big  data, e-commerce  and  blockchain  technology,  the  Group  should  also  establish  a  comprehensive  group  with  the concept  of  green  infrastructure,  energy  and  financial,  with  mining  resources  and  mining  trade  as  its  main business, and integrating related financial services, engineering and project consulting management services, investment management and derivative resources.

Therefore,  in  line  with  the  future  development  direction  of  the  Group  and  improve  the  overall  performance of the Group, the Company established two wholly-owned subsidiaries in the PRC in 2022, one of which will focus on trial operation to carry out supply trade with iron and steel enterprises, and further extend to other mining industries, including its own gold mining business (if appropriate), to improve the Group's revenue and profitability, and address the current operating issues; and the other one which will focus on trial operation to provide business consultation, management and integration services for different project developers, builders, financial institutions, etc. to create new business opportunities for the Group.

The Board, having considered various solutions  and  measures  to  the  going  concern  issue  of  the  Group  that have been actively undertaken and will continue to be undertaken, as well as the funding needs of the Group for  its  existing  business  operations  and  future  business  development,  has  decided  that  the  Company  may consider  raising  funds  in  different  ways,  including  issuance  of  convertible  bonds,  issuance  of  new  Shares or  loan  financing,  etc.  The  final  result  will  be  subject  to  the  market  conditions  and  the  outcomes  of  the negotiations with the potential investors.

Looking  forward,  on  the  one  hand,  the  Management  will  continue  modifying  and  finessing  the  Group's strategic  plan,  and  make  appropriate  adjustments  according  to  the  changes  in  the  dynamic  business environment in China and around the world, and on the other hand will continue looking for other investment opportunities,  potential  partners  or  acquisition  targets  to  improve  and  broaden  the  sources  of  income  for the Group to create maximum value and long-term benefits for Shareholders. The Management will strive to leverage our internal and external resources through fundraising or introducing strategic investors to achieve this goal.

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

During the Reporting Period, the Group mainly financed its operation with internally generated cashflows and borrowings.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group had unpledged bank and cash balances of approximately HK$52.4 million (2021: approximately HK$7.3 million). The gearing ratio was not applicable to the Group (2021: n/a) and the borrowings of  the  Group  was  approximately  HK$315.8  million  (2021:  approximately  HK$261.9  million).  The Group reported net current liabilities of approximately HK$323.5 million as at 31 December 2022 (2021: net current liabilities of approximately HK$257.2 million).

Details of maturity profile and interest rate structure of the borrowings of the Group are set out in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the annual report of the Company for the Reporting Period to be published later on.

Details of maturity profile and interest rate structure of the borrowings of the Group are set out in the note 28 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## COMMITMENTS

Particulars of commitments of the Group as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 are set out in the note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITY

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (2021: nil).

## BANK BORROWINGS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any outstanding bank loan (2021: nil).

## EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Group  employed  486  staff  members  (2021:  512).  The  remuneration  of employees was in line with the market trend and commensurate with the level of remuneration in the industry and the performance of individual employees that are regularly reviewed every year.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group  mainly  generated  sales  revenue  and  incurred  costs  in  both  Hong Kong dollar and Renminbi. In view of the fluctuation of Renminbi, the Directors considered that the Group's exposure to fluctuation in foreign exchange rate was minimal and accordingly, the Group did not employ any financial instruments for hedging purpose.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr.  Qiu  Zhenyi ,  aged  58,  has  joined  the  Company  as  an  Executive  Director  and  the  chairman  of  the Board  and  the  Nomination  Committee  since  September  2021.  Mr.  Qiu  has  extensive  senior  management experiences  in  corporate  strategy  formulation,  development  and  management.  Mr.  Qiu  held  a  number  of senior management positions in certain state-owned enterprises and state-owned holding companies in Tianjin City, China for over 36 years, including but not limited to the chairman of Tianjin JinLv Haihe Cruises Co., Ltd. (a  company listed  on  National  Equities  Exchange  and  Quotations  (stock  code:  870350))  from  2019  to  2020. Mr.  Qiu  is  currently  an  executive  deputy  vice  president  and/or  executive  director  of  certain  private  financial, energy  and  trading  companies.  Mr.  Qiu  obtained  a  professional  certificate  in  economics  management  from the Party School of Tianjin Municipal Committee of the Communist Party of China in 2000 and a professional certificate  of  law  theory  for  in-service  graduate  students  of  the  Party  School  of  the  Central  Committee  of Communist Party of China in 2005. Mr. Qiu is also an accredited economist and an accredited senior engineer.

Mr.  Zhu  Shengsheng ,  aged  44,  has  joined  the  Company  as  an  Executive  Director  since  June  2021  and has  also  been  appointed  as  CEO  and  an  authorised  representative  of  the  Company  since  September  2021. Mr.  Zhu  has  extensive  experiences  in  energy  and  finance  industry,  and  has  years  of  experience  in  corporate development,  commodity  trade,  mergers  and  acquisitions,  equity  investments  and  finance.  Mr.  Zhu  served as  director  and  president  of  Baota  Petrochemical  (HK)  Co.,  Ltd  from  2011  to  2013.  Mr.  Zhu  has  been  the president  of  Hongkong  Energy  Group  Investment  Limited  since  2013.  Mr.  Zhu  obtained  a  bachelor  degree in  Business  Administration  from  Dongbei  University  of  Finance  and  Economics  in  2006  and  a  certificate  of Computer Information Technology Testing in 2018.

Mr. Pan Feng , aged 45, has joined the Company as an Executive Director since September 2021 and has also been appointed as vice president of the Company since October 2021. Mr. Pan has extensive experiences in sales management, investment promotion and business operation. Mr. Pan served as the investment operation executive officer of Tianjin Tianbao Infrastructure Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock  code:  00965)  from  2011  to  2020.  Mr.  Pan  obtained  a  master  degree  in  Business  Administration  from Tianjin University in 2014 and he is also an accredited economist.

Mr.  Xie  Qiangming ,  aged  31,  has  joined  the  Company  since  July  2018,  Prior  to  his  re-designation  as  an Executive Director, Mr. Xie was an INED and a member of Audit Committee until September 2019. Mr. Xie is currently also a member of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee and an authorised representative  of  the  Company.  Mr.  Xie  has  extensive  experience  in  corporate  strategy  formulation  and execution, capital markets, private equity investment and investor relations. He worked for several well-known financial  institutions  such  as  Kunwu  Jiuding  Investment  Holdings  Co.,  Ltd.  and  ICBC  International  Holdings Limited  and  was  responsible  for  providing  professional  services  to  its  clients  such  as  corporate  strategy formulation and execution, merger and acquisition projects management, in charge of private placements and fundraising projects. Mr. Xie has obtained a master degree in finance from Tsinghua University PBC School of Finance in 2016.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS (Continued)

In addition to the above, Mr. Xie was an executive director of Prosperity International Holdings (H.K.) Limited (' Prosperity '),  a  company  delisted  from  the  main  board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  (former  stock  code:  803) from July 2019 to June 2021. On 29 November 2019, Prosperity filed a winding up petition with the Supreme Court  of  Bermuda  (' Bermuda Court ')  and  subsequently  appointed  joint  and  several  provisional  liquidators to enable Prosperity to continue its orderly financial restructuring with the assistance of the Bermuda Court. On that date, creditors of Prosperity demanded repayment of debts totaling approximately HK$1,472 million. According to the latest update announcement of Prosperity dated 4 March 2021, the Bermuda Court ordered, among others, that (1) the winding up petition be re-listed for mention on 12 March 2021; and (2) the fees and expenses of the joint and several provisional liquidators for the period 29 November 2019 to 31 December 2020 be approved in the sum of USD1,020,537. Reference is made to the announcements of Prosperity dated 29 November 2019, 23 January 2020, 27 April 2020, 15 June 2020, 18 February 2021, 24 February 2021 and 4  March  2021.  Prosperity  was  principally  engaged  in  (i)  real  estate  investment  and  development;  (ii)  mining and trading of iron ore and raw materials; and (iii) trading of clinker, cement and other building materials.

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Ms.  Ng  Ching ,  aged  32,  has  joined  the  Company  as  a  NED  since  November  2021.  Ms.  Ng  has  years  of experience  in  equity  investment  and  securities  industry.  Ms.  Ng  is  currently  a  financial  analyst  of  Shenzhen Jaguar  Capital  Management  Co.,  Limited （深圳市佶佳資本管理有限責任公司） .  Ms.  Ng  obtained  a  master's degree in financial economics from University of St. Andrews, United Kingdom in 2013 and a master's degree in actuarial science from the Cass Business School of the City University of London, United Kingdom in 2014.

Mr. Xu Huiqiang ,  aged  61,  has  joined  the  Company as a NED Since November 2022. Mr. Xu has extensive project  and  enterprise  operation  and  management  experience  in  construction  industry.  Mr.  Xu  is  currently  a senior management, consultant and controlling shareholder of number of domestic and foreign companies. As at the date of this annual report, Mr. Xu is deemed to be interested in a total of 315,291,852 ordinary shares of  the  Company  through  his  controlled  companies  Excellent  Shine  Capital  Limited,  a  British  Virgin  Islands company,  and  Zhongyingsheng  International  Investment  Management  Co.,  Limited,  a  Hong  Kong  company, representing a total of approximately 20.80% of the issued shares of the Company.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca , aged 53, has join the Company as an INED and the chairman and member of Audit Committee and member of Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee since August 2022. Dr. Liu possesses experience in management, finance, investment, as well as accounting and financial management. Dr.  Liu  has  been  appointed  (i)  as  the  chief  executive  officer  of  AllPanther  Asset  Management  Limited  since January 2007; (ii) as an independent non-executive director of Logan Group Company Limited (formerly known as  Logan  Property  Holdings  Company  Limited,  a  company  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code:  3380)) since  November  2013;  (iii)  as  a  senior  consultant  and  chief  representative  in  Thailand  of  Wai  Hung  Group Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3321)) since December 2020; (iv) as an independent non-executive director of SITC International Holdings Company Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1308)) since December 2020; and (v) by Fortune (Shanghai) Limited since October 2013 and currently serves as a senior vice president. Dr. Liu served as the general manager for the Asia and China region of The PRG-Schultz International, Inc., (a company listed on NASDAQ) from June 1996 to March 2002.  Dr.  Liu  is  a  member  of  the  American  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants,  Illinois  CPA  Society  of the United States and Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. She obtained a double bachelor's degree with honours in Business Administrative Studies (major in management and in accounting) from York University, Canada in 1992 and 1994, respectively, and obtained a doctoral degree in business administration from Victoria University, Switzerland in 2011. Dr. Liu is also a member of The Hong Kong Institute of Bankers, Association of Women Accountants (Hong Kong) Limited, and Hong Kong Professionals and Senior Executives Association. She was also a former member of the 10th and 11th Jilin Provincial Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference.

Mr. Chen Jian , aged 42, has joined the Company as an INED and a member of Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee since June 2022. Mr. Chen is an experienced Chinese lawyer with extensive  experience  in  cross-border  mergers  and  acquisitions,  foreign  investment,  cross-border  financing related  law.  Mr.  Chen  currently  serve  as  a  senior  partner  of  DeHeng  Law  Offices  (Zhuhai),  the  Chinese  legal advisor of Ng &amp; Shum Law Firm, Hong Kong, an independent non-executive director of Jianglong Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. (a company listed on ChiNext of The Shenzhen Stock Exchange (A-shares stock code: 300589)), and a supervisor or vice-chairman of various societies or associations. Mr. Chen obtained a master's degree in laws from University of Sheffield, United Kingdom in 2004.

Mr.  Tse  Sze  Pan ,  aged  42,  joined  the  Company  as  an  INED,  and  the  chairman  of  the  Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and Nomination Committee since February 2022. Mr. Tse has extensive senior management experiences in asset management and securities brokerage. Mr. Tse served as  the  wealth  management  manager  of  The  Hongkong  and  Shanghai  Banking  Corporation  Limited.  He  is currently  the  executive  director,  chief  executive  officer  and  RO  under  the  SFO  to  carry  out  Type  1,  4  and  9 regulated activities in Target Capital Management Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bison Finance Group Limited, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 888)). Mr. Tse obtained an associate degree in business from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University in 2005 and a bachelor's degree in management from Heriot  Watt  University,  Scotland  in  2006.  Mr.  Tse  is  also  an  accredited  certified  financial planner and insurance intermediary.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr.  Wang  Wei  Hsin ,  aged  57,  has  joined  the  Company  as  chief  financial  officer  in  October  2021  and  has been  redesignated  to  business  president  of  the  Company  since  November  2022.  Dr.  Wang  has  extensive management experience in the financial services industry. Dr. Wang is an independent non-executive director of  Huscoke  Holdings  Limited  since  December  2018  (a  company  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  (stock  code: 704)), and he served as an executive director of South China Financial Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 619)) from March 2017 to October 2018, the chairman and chief executive officer  of  SinoPac  Securities  (Asia)  Limited  from  2009  to  2016,  the  chief  investment  officer  of  Japan  CDW Group and the chief financial officer of its Taiwan subsidiary, as well as co-founder of Yes-Asia.com and played significant  role  in  China  Development  Industrial  Bank.  Dr.  Wang  obtained  a  PhD  in  Management  Science (Financial  Engineering)  from  Imperial  College  London  and  researched  artificial  intelligence  and  financial  big data.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Company  acknowledges  the  need  for  and  the  importance  of  corporate  governance  as  one  of  the  key elements in enhancing Shareholders' value. The Company is committed to improving its corporate governance practices  in  compliance  with  regulatory  requirements  and  in  accordance  with  recommended  practices.  As  at the date of this annual report, the Company has adopted the CG Code to regulate the corporate governance issues of the Group. The Board has reviewed the Company's corporate governance practices and has formed the opinion that the Company, throughout the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report, has complied with the Code Provisions as set out in the CG code except for the following deviations:

Pursuant to the Code Provision C.5.3, at least 14 notice days should be given of a regular Board meeting to all Directors. During the Reporting Period, except for the 14-day notice period given to Directors for the semiannual and annual regular Board meetings, only short notices were given to Directors for the two quarterly Board  meetings,  which  all  Directors  considered  acceptable.  The  Board  will  consider  and  adjust  the  meeting notice period in due course.

Pursuant  to  the  Code  Provision  D.1.2,  the  Management  should  provide  monthly  updates  to  the  Board  to enable  the  Board  and  each  Director  to  discharge  their  duties.  Although  the  Management  has  provided  the Board with monthly updates, there has been a delay, which the Company considers acceptable. In addition, the Company considers that providing such updates to the Board from time to time rather than on a regular monthly basis is sufficient for the Board and each Director to discharge their responsibilities. In the event there are  any  significant  updates  to  be  provided,  the  Company  will  update  the  Board  as  early  as  practicable  for discussion and resolution.

Pursuant to the Code Provision D.1.3, as set out in the previous annual reports and 2022 Interim Report, the Auditor has issued a Disclaimer of Opinion regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. The  Group  has  taken  and  will  continue  to  take  certain  Proposed  Measures  to  improve  the  Group's  working capital  and  cash  flow  position  and  mitigate  its  liquidity  pressure.  For  details  of  the  disclaimer  and  Proposed Measures, please refer to the section headed 'THE MANAGEMENT'S POSITION, VIEW AND ASSESSMENT ON THE DISCLAIMER OF OPINION'.

## MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as the code of conduct governing Director's securities transactions. All Directors currently in the Board have confirmed, following specific enquiry by the Company, that they have complied with the required standards set out in the Model Code throughout the Reporting Period and up to the date of this annual report.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

The  Board  is  responsible  for  overseeing  the  overall  Group's  businesses  and  strategies,  supervision  of  the Management  and  affairs  as  well  as  monitoring  of  the  overall  operation  and  performance  of  the  Group. The  Board  has  delegated  to  the  CEO,  together  with  which  the  Directors  also  undertake,  with  the  senior Management, the authority  and  responsibility  for  the  day-to-day  management  and  operation  of  the  Group. In  addition,  the  Board  has  established  various  committees  and  has  delegated  to  these  committees  various responsibilities as set out in their respective terms of reference.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

The Board is collectively  responsible  for  performing  the  corporate  governance  duties  and  has  formalised  the inclusion of the following corporate governance duties into the terms of reference of the Board:

- (a) to  develop  and  review  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  corporate  governance  and  make recommendations to the Board;
- (b) to  review  and  monitor  the  training  and  continuous  professional  development  of  Directors  and  senior Management;
- (c) to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- (d) to  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  (if  any)  applicable  to employees and Directors; and
- (e) to  review  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  CG  Code  and  disclosure  in  the  corporate  governance report in the annual report of the Company.

During the Reporting Period and as at the date of this annual report, the composition of the Board is set out below:

## Executive Directors

| Mr. Qiu Zhenyi (Chairman of the Board) Mr. Zhu Shengsheng (CEO) Mr. Pan Feng Mr. Xie Qiangming  ## NED  Ms. Ng Ching Mr. Xu Huiqiang Dr. Wang Wei Hsin  (appointed on 28 November 2022)  (appointed on 20 July 2022 and resigned on 28 November 2022)  ## INEDs  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca Mr. Chen Jian Mr. Tse Sze Pan Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel Mr. Ho Wing Chung Mr. Cai Jianhua Mr. Yan Xiaotian  (appointed on 3 August 2022)  (appointed on 1 June 2022)  (appointed on 4 February 2022)  (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)  (resigned on 1 June 2022)  (resigned on 4 February 2022)  (resigned on 4 February 2022)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

Directors  have  no  financial,  business,  family  or  other  material/relevant  relationships  with  each  other.  The biographical  details  of  the  Directors  are  set  out  on  pages  17  to  20  and  whose  respective  interests  in  the Company's shares are set out on page 45 of this annual report.

The  Company  has  received  from  each  of  the  INEDs  a  written  annual  confirmation  of  his/her  independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and is satisfied of their independence.

## DIRECTORS' CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

Apart  from  an  induction  provided  to  each  newly  appointed  Director  on  the  first  occasion  of  his/her appointment by the Company so as to ensure that he/she has appropriate understanding of the business and operation of the Group and that he/she is aware of his/her responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules  and  relevant  regulatory  requirements,  all  Directors  are  also  encouraged  to  participate  in  continuous professional  development  to  develop  and  refresh  their  knowledge  and  skills.  According  to  the  records maintained  by  the  Company,  the  Directors  received  the  following  training  with  an  emphasis  on  the  roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company in compliance with the new requirement of the CG Code on continuous professional development during the Reporting Period:

| Name of Directors  Activities  Executive Directors  Mr. Qiu Zhenyi  B  Mr. Zhu Shengsheng  B  Mr. Pan Feng  B  Mr. Xie Qiangming  B  NED  Ms. Ng Ching  B  Mr. Xu Huiqiang (appointed on 28 November 2022)  B &amp; C  Dr. Wang Wei Hsin (appointed on 20 July 2022 and resigned on 28 November 2022)  B &amp; C  INEDs  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022)  B &amp; C  Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022)  B &amp; C  Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)  A &amp; B &amp; C  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)  A &amp; B &amp; C  Mr. Ho Wing Chung (resigned on 1 June 2022)  B  Mr. Cai Jianhua (resigned on 4 February 2022)  -  Mr. Yan Xiaotian (resigned on 4 February 2022)  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT (Continued)

Notes:

- A: as an attendee to seminars/conferences organised by the third parties
- B: reading technical bulletins, periodicals and other publications on subjects relevant to the roles, functions and duties of a director of a listed company
- C: as an induction provided by the Company and a third party

## CHAIRMAN AND CEO

The Chairman of the Board is Mr. Qiu Zhenyi and the CEO is Mr. Zhu Shengsheng. The provisions of Chairman of the Board and CEO are held by separate persons in order to preserve independence and a balance of view and judgement.

With the support of the senior Management, the Chairman of the Board is responsible for ensuring that the Directors  receive  adequate,  complete  and  reliable  information  in  a  timely  manner  and  appropriate  briefing on  issues  arising  at  Board  meetings.  The  CEO  focuses  on  implementing  objectives,  policies  and  strategies approved and delegated by the Board. The CEO is in charge of the Company's day-to-day management and operations.  The  CEO  is  also  responsible  for  developing  strategic  plans  and  formulating  the  organizational structure, control systems and internal procedures and processes for the Board's approval.

## APPOINTMENT AND RE-ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

In  accordance with the articles 83(2) and (3) of the Articles of Association, a person may be appointed as a member of the Board at any time either by the Shareholders in a general meeting or by the Board in a Board meeting. Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy must retire at the first general meeting after his  appointment or in the case of additional Director, at the next annual general meeting and shall then be eligible for re-election.

According  to  the  article  84  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  no  less  than  one-third  of  the  Directors  for  the time being shall retire from office by rotation at each AGM and shall be eligible for re-election. Any Director appointed by the Board pursuant to article 83(3) of the Articles of Association shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at that next AGM.

According  to  the  article  83(5)  of  the  Articles  of  Association,  the  Company  may  remove  any  Director  by  an ordinary resolution at a general meeting.

## BOARD PRACTICES

Notice of regular Board meetings have been and will be dispatched to all Directors at least 14 days before the meeting. For other Board and committee meetings, reasonable notice is generally given.

## BOARD PRACTICES (Continued)

Board papers together with all appropriate, complete and reliable information are sent to all Directors at least 3 days (or any other agreed date) before each regular Board meeting or committee meeting to keep Directors apprised  of  the  latest  developments  and  financial  position  of  the  Company  and  to  enable  them  to  make informed  decisions.  The  Board  and  each  Director  also  have  separate  and  independent  access  to  the  senior Management.

The senior  Management, including CEO and finance manager, attend all regular Board meetings and where necessary, other Board and committee meetings, to advise on business developments, financial and accounting matters, statutory and regulatory compliance, corporate governance and other major aspects of the Company.

Draft minutes are normally circulated to the Directors for their comments within a reasonable time after each meeting and final versions are open for Directors' inspection.

Directors are required to abstain from voting and not to be counted in the quorum at meetings for approving transactions in which such Directors or any of their associates have a material interest.

The attendance of the Directors at the Board meetings held during the Reporting Period is set out as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/Total no. of  meetings held during  the Reporting Period  Executive Directors  Mr. Qiu Zhenyi  13/13  Mr. Zhu Shengsheng  13/13  Mr. Pan Feng  13/13  Mr. Xie Qiangming  9/13  NEDs  Ms. Ng Ching  13/13  Mr. Xu Huiqiang (appointed on 28 November 2022)  N/A  Dr. Wang Wei Hsin  (appointed on 20 July 2022 and resigned on 28 November 2022)  4/4  INEDs  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022)  3/13  Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022)  7/13  Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)  10/13  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)  7/7  Mr. Ho Wing Chung (resigned on 1 June 2022)  5/6  Mr. Cai Jianhua (resigned on 4 February 2022)  3/3  Mr. Yan Xiaotian (resigned on 4 February 2022)  2/3   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DELEGATION BY THE BOARD

The Board undertakes responsibility for decision making in major Company's matters, including the approval and  monitoring  of  all  policy  matters,  overall  strategies  and  budgets,  internal  control  and  risk  management systems, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial information and other significant financial and operational matters.

All  Directors  have  full  and  timely  access  to  all  relevant  information  as  well  as  the  advice  and  services  of  the Company Secretary, with a view to ensuring that Board procedures and all applicable laws and regulations are followed. Each Director is normally able to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expense, upon making request to the Board.

The day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Company are delegated to the CEO and the senior management of the Group.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The  Company  established  a  Nomination  Committee  on  1  October  2013  with  written  terms  of  reference adopted  on  the  same  date  and  updated  on  30  January  2015.  The  primary  function  of  the  Nomination Committee is to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession  planning  for  Directors,  in  particular  the  chairman  and  the  chief  executive.  As  at  the  date  of  this annual report, the Nomination Committee currently consists of five members, comprising Mr. Qiu Zhenyi, Mr. Xie Qiangming, Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca, Mr. Chen Jian and Mr. Tse Sze Pan. Mr. Qiu Zhenyi is the chairman of the Nomination Committee.

As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the  Nomination  Committee  had  reviewed  the  size,  structure  and composition of the Board to complement the Group's corporate strategy, and nominated candidates to fill the casual vacancy arising from the resigning Director and made recommendation to the Board in order to share part of the duties and responsibilities of the Chairman of the Board.

On 30 January 2015, the Board had adopted a board diversity policy which aims to achieve the diversity of members  of  the  Board  to  enhance  the  effectiveness  of  the  Board.  The  Company  recognises  and  embraces the  benefits  of  diversity  of  Board  members.  It  endeavours  to  ensure  that  the  Board  possesses  diverse skills,  experience  and  perspectives  appropriate  to  the  requirements  of  the  Company's  business.  All  Board appointments will continue to be made on a merit basis with due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board  members.  Selection  of  candidates  of  Board  members  will  be  based  on  diversity  in  their  respective background and experience, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural  and  educational  background, experience  (professional  or  otherwise),  skills  and  knowledge.  The  ultimate  decision  will  be  made  upon  the merits and contribution that the selected candidates will bring to the Board.

As the main business of the Group is in the mining industry, the proportion of male employees of the Group is relatively higher than that of female employees. However, when recruiting staff, the Group mainly considers factors  such  as  the  candidates'  ability,  experience  and  required  remuneration  packages,  rather  than  their gender.  During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  gender  ratio  in  the  workforce  was  approximately  96%  male  and approximately 4% female.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE (Continued)

The attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the Nomination Committee meetings held during the Reporting Period is set out as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/Total no. of  meetings held during  the Reporting Period  Mr. Qiu Zhenyi  6/6  Mr. Xie Qiangming  3/6  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022)  1/6  Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022)  3/6  Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)  5/6  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)  4/6  Mr. Ho Wing Chung (resigned on 1 June 2022)  2/6  Mr. Cai Jianhua (resigned on 4 February 2022)  1/6  Mr. Yan Xiaotian (resigned on 4 February 2022)  0/6   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The  Company  established  a  Remuneration  Committee  on  27  June  2008  with  written  terms  of  reference adopted on the same date and updated on 30 January 2015 and 1 January 2023. The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee are to review and approve the Management's remuneration proposals with reference to  the  Board's  corporate  goals  and  objects  and  make  recommendations  to  the  Board  on  the  remuneration package  of  individual  Executive  Director  and  senior  Management.  As  at  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  the Remuneration Committee currently consists of four members, namely Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca, Mr. Chen Jian, Mr. Tse Sze Pan and Mr. Xie Qiangming. Mr. Tse Sze Pan is the chairman of the Remuneration Committee.

The  Remuneration  Committee  has  reviewed  the  Directors'  fee  (including  Executive  Directors  and  INEDs)  in consideration of the increasingly level of duties and responsibilities of the Directors and the market condition and approval of the remuneration incentive structure of the Group as a whole taking consideration of factors such as salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and their responsibilities.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE (Continued)

The attendance of the members of the Remuneration Committee at the Remuneration Committee meetings held during the Reporting Period is set out as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/Total no. of  meetings held during  the Reporting Period  Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)  3/6  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022)  1/6  Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022)  3/6  Mr. Xie Qiangming  3/6  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)  2/6  Mr. Ho Wing Chung (resigned on 1 June 2022)  2/6  Mr. Cai Jianhua (resigned on 4 February 2022)  1/6  Mr. Yan Xiaotian (resigned on 4 February 2022)  0/6   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## REMUNERATION POLICY OF THE GROUP

The remuneration policy of the Group is designed to ensure that remuneration offered to the Directors and/ or  employees is appropriate for the respective duties performed, sufficiently compensate them for the effort and time dedicated to the affairs of the Group, and is competitive and effective in attracting, retaining and motivating employees. The key components of the Company's remuneration package include basic salary, and where appropriate, other allowances, incentive bonus, mandatory provident funds and share options granted (if  any) under the share option scheme of the Company. Details of the share option scheme of the Company are set out on pages 43 to 44 of this annual report.

The  emoluments  payable  to  Directors  are  determined  with  reference  to  the  responsibilities,  qualifications, experience,  duties,  performance  of  the  Directors,  prevailing  market  conditions  and  remuneration  benchmark with directors of listed companies of similar size and industry nature. They include incentive bonus primarily based on the results of the Group and share options granted (if any) under the share option scheme of the Company. The Remuneration Committee performs review on the emoluments of the Directors from time to time. No Director, or any of his associates or executive, is involved in deciding his own emoluments.

Employees'  remuneration  packages  are  determined  with  reference  to  the  responsibilities,  qualifications  and experience,  duties  and  performance  of  individuals  as  well  as  prevailing  market  compensation  packages.  The packages are reviewed annually and as required from time to time.

The Group will spend resources in training, retention and recruitment programs, and encouraging staff for selfdevelopment and improvements. The Group keeps monitoring and evaluating the performance of managerial staff, aiming to achieve continuous improvements and correction of deficiencies.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## DIRECTORS' AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS' EMOLUMENTS

The Directors' fees and remuneration and the emoluments of the five highest paid individuals during the year are disclosed in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

The  contributions  to  pension  scheme  of  Directors  for  the  year  are  disclosed  in  note  16  to  the  consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company established an Audit Committee on 28 October 2000 with written terms of reference adopted on the same date and updated on 30 January 2015. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the financial reporting process (including half-yearly  and  annual  results),  internal  control  and  risk  management  systems,  overseeing  the  audit  process and performing other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board. As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee currently consists of three INEDs, namely Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca, Mr. Chen Jian and Mr. Tse Sze Pan. Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

For the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee discussed with the senior Management the internal controls, risk  management  and  financial  reporting  matters,  and  reviewed  the  accounting  principles,  policies  and practices adopted by the Group and the effectiveness of the Group's internal control system.

The attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the Audit Committee meetings held during the Reporting Period is set out as follows:

| Name of Directors  Attendance/Total no. of  meetings held during  the Reporting Period  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022)  1/3  Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022)  1/3  Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)  3/3  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)  2/3  Mr. Ho Wing Chung (resigned on 1 June 2022)  3/3  Mr. Cai Jianhua (resigned on 4 February 2022)  N/A  Mr. Yan Xiaotian (resigned on 4 February 2022)  N/A   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

The  Directors  acknowledge  their  responsibility  for  preparing  the  annual  consolidated  financial  statements  of the Company which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs, results and cash flows of the Group for the Reporting Period.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

The Board is responsible for presenting a balanced, clear and understandable assessment of annual and interim reports,  inside  information  announcements  and  other  disclosures  required  under  the  Listing  Rules  and  other statutory and regulatory requirements.

The Management has provided to the Board such explanation and information as are necessary to enable the Board to carry out an informed assessment of the Company's consolidated financial statements which are put to the Board for approval.

## Disclaimer of Opinion

Pursuant  to  the  Code  Provision  D.1.3,  the  Board  would  like  to  provide  more  details  on  the  Disclaimer  of Opinion regarding the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

As  mentioned  in  the  subsection  headed  'EXTRACT  OF  INDEPENDENT  AUDITOR'S  REPORT'  in  the  section headed 'MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS', the Auditor has issued a Disclaimer of Opinion on the Company's consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022, which arising solely from going concern issue of the Group.

The net liabilities and net current liabilities of the Group was mainly attributable to number of reasons, such as  the  temporarily  suspension of the Gold Mine production in the first quarter of 2020, high administration expenses and costs including share-based payment, high-interest financial borrowings of the Group, necessary rectification  and  construction  projects  of  the  Gold  Mine,  and  significant  impairment  loss  caused  by  the valuation based on old reserves data in the 2015 independent technical report that has not yet been updated.

The Gold Mine was resumed operations in August 2020, and its performance has steadily improved (which can be seen from the figures of the annual results of 2021 and 2022), but continuous rectification and technical reform are still  required,  therefore,  the  management of the Group have to balance the two to maintain the normal operation and cost control measures. However, the loan borrowings and its interest are still high and this  is  not  easy  to  solve,  as  to  obtain  low-interest  loans  from  banker  are  less  possible  based  on  the  current financial figures. Therefore, the management of the Group is trying their best to obtain other financings for other financial institutions, individuals and potential investors, once concrete proposals or terms are reached, further  announcement (if  applicable)  will  be  published  as  soon  as  possible.  In  addition,  the  management  of the  Group  is  striving  to  seek  more  profitable  businesses  to  increase  the  Group's  overall  revenue  and  profit to  improve  the  performance  of  the  Group,  and  to  diversify  and  expand  the  Group's  businesses  to  solve  the problem of business concentration.

The  management of the Group is optimistic  and  confident  that  the  Company  has  sufficient  working  capital for  the  next  twelve  months  because  the  following  considerations  in  addition  to  the  view  that  the  Proposed Measures have been and/or will be taken to improve the Group's results, working capital and cashflow:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

## Disclaimer of Opinion (Continued)

- (i) In  addition  to  the  financial  support  provided  by  the  substantial  Shareholders,  the  Company  has  fully settled  the  HK$100  million  loan  on  schedule  in  2021,  reduce  the  annual  loan  interest  rate  of  Hunan Westralian from 24% to 10% in 2022, and repay the creditor's debt of approximately HK$18 million by way of issuance and allotment of new Shares in 2023. The Company is striving to find new low-interest financings or fundraising activities, or to negotiate longer repayment terms and lower interest rates with existing creditors to address short-term borrowings.
- (ii) As mentioned in the previous annual reports and this annual report, Gold Mine has resumed operations and started generating revenue and profits since August 2020, and it is believed that its production and performance should be steadily improved.
- (iii) During  the  suspension  period,  Gold  Mine  still  need  to  maintain  and  stabilise  enough  front-line employees  to  start  production  and  implement  enhancement  projects  immediately  after  resuming operations,  resulting  in  higher  administration  and  staff  costs.  The  management  of  the  Group  will monitor and reduce the said costs accordingly based on the actual status of the enhancement projects and production needs.
- (iv) Gold  Mine  has  not  commissioned  an  updated  technical  report  to  'upgrade'  the  reserves  and/or resources  of  the  Gold  Mine,  therefore,  the  valuation  of  the  mining  right  and  property,  plant  and equipment has been impaired significantly. The Management will consider commissioning an updated technical  report  subject  to  the  costs  and  expenses  to  be  incurred  in  preparing  the  said  report. Notwithstanding, as the Company is not a company listed on main board under Chapter 18 of Listing Rules,  the  Company  is  allow  to,  which  the  management  of  the  Group  also  satisfied,  use  inferred resources to calculate the mining right value and the remaining years of production. When prepare the 2021 and 2022 annual results, 50% of the inferred resources and 100% of the probable reserves of the Gold Mine were used.

Following  table  summarised  the  Proposed  Measures  that  have  been  taken  and  will  continue  to  be  taken to  improve  the  Group's  working  capital  and  cash  flow  position  and  mitigate  its  liquidity  pressure  since  the publication of the 2020 and 2021 annual reports, and 2022 Interim Report:

## Proposed Measures

## Current status

| The  Group  is  actively  negotiate  with  the  financial institution(s)  for  obtaining  additional  financing/new borrowings  The Group is actively liaising with financial institutions/ individuals/bankers  to  seek  new  loan  facilities  with lower  interest  rate  and  longer  maturities  to  improve the  current  financial  position  of  the  Group.  Up  to date  of  this  report,  Hunan  Westralian  has  obtained several  financing  from  individuals.  This  measure  will be  under  monitoring  and  may  be  adjusted  based  on actual  funding  need  and  the  results  of  other  possible fundraising activities of the Group as mentioned below   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

## Disclaimer of Opinion (Continued)

## Proposed Measures

The  Group  has  obtained  letters  of  undertakings from  substantial  shareholders  of  the  Company confirming that they will provide continued financial support to the Group to meet its present and future financial obligations as they fall due

The  Group  will  actively  negotiate  and  obtain additional funds through fundraising activities

The  Group  will  continue  to  negotiate  with  the Group's  creditors  with  a  view  to  extend  the repayment terms of the Group's current liabilities as they fall due or by other methods to repay the debts

## Current status

Obtained

On  2  July  2021,  the  Company  issued  252,542,676 Shares  to  independent  third  parties  and  raised approximately  HK$59 million  net  proceeds  and  mainly used  for  partial  repayment  of  the  Group's  high  yield borrowings  which  have  been  taken  out  to  fund  the mining  operations  of  the  Group  in  the  PRC,  and general  working  capital.  The  Group  will  continue to  actively  liaise  with  the  financial  institutions  and other  potential  investors  to  invest  in  the  Group  by way  of  placement  of  new  shares,  issue  of  convertible bonds  or  other  financial  activities  etc.  to  repay  the high-interest  debt  and  to  fund  its  working  capital. Further  announcement(s)  will  be  made  as  and  when appropriate  subject  to  the  applicable  regulations  and rules

A  loan  extension  agreement  has  been  successfully entered  into  with  the  major  creditor  to  extend  the repayment  date  to  31  March  2023  and  reduce the  relevant  interest  rate  to  10%  per  annum.  The Management  is  actively  liaison  with  the  remaining creditors,  and  the  creditors  have  initially  agreed  to extend  the  loans  to  2023,  details  and  final  terms and  conditions  are  still  under  negotiation,  and  the Management  will  try  its  best  to  strive  for  a  longer repayment period and lower interest rate

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued)

## Disclaimer of Opinion (Continued)

Proposed Measures

The  Management  will  continue  to  save  or  reduce costs  aiming  at  improving  the  working  capital  and cash flow of the Group, including close monitoring of administrative expense and operating cost

## Current status

On  12  January  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  the settlement  agreement  in  relation  to  the  issue  and subscription  of  new  shares.  The  indebtedness  due  to subscriber  was  to  be  settled  in  full  by  the  Company by  the  issue  and  allotment  of  66,334,814  settlement shares  to  subscribe  at  the  subscription  price  of HK$0.27 per shares on 30 January 2023

During  the  Reporting  Period,  Hunan  Westraian's production  increased  proportionally,  while management and administration costs did not increase significantly.  The  management  believed  that  through continuous  cost  control,  it  will  further  increase the  output  of  Gold  Mine  and  eventually  achieve profitability.  The  Management  will  continue  monitor its  cost  and  expenses  to  control  and/or  reduce  those unnecessary  administrative  costs,  expenses  and/or other  operating  costs,  while  the  Group  can  still  able to  maintain  its  existing  operations  and  explore  further business development smoothly

The Audit Committee had critically reviewed the Disclaimer of Opinion, the Management's position concerning the  Disclaimer  of  Opinion  and  measures  taken  by  the  Group  for  addressing  the  Disclaimer  of  Opinion.  The Audit  Committee agreed with the Management's position based on the reasons as stated herein. Moreover, the  Audit  Committee requested the Management to take all necessary actions to address the impact of the Disclaimer of Opinion and to strive that such situation leading to the Disclaimer of Opinion would not happen or be improved in the coming future. The Audit Committee had also discussed with the Auditor regarding the financial position of the Group, measures taken and to be taken by the Group, and considered the Auditor's rationale and understood their consideration in arriving their opinion.

The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  Proposed  Measures  are  feasible  and  should  be  sufficient  to  address  the Disclaimer of Opinion. Taking into account that if the Group is able to improve the Group's working capital, cash flow and financial position in 2023, and assuming there are no other material adverse effects that will cause the Auditor to issue other disclaimer(s) of opinion, the Board expects that the Disclaimer of Opinion may be removed in the next year's auditor's report, or at least the financial position will be greatly improved. The Auditor also holds the same view and basis in this regard.

The annual results of the Group for the Reporting Period have also been reviewed by the Audit Committee.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the Audit Committee acknowledge that its responsibility for overseeing the risk management and  internal  control  systems  of  the  Group  and  reviewing  their  effectiveness  at  least  annually.  The  Group emphasises the importance of sound risk management and internal control systems which are indispensable for  mitigating  the  Group's  key  risk  exposures.  The  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems include a defined management structure with limits of authority, and are designed for the Group to identify and  manage  the  significant  risks  to  achieve  its  business  objectives.  The  systems  are  designed  to  provide reasonable,  but  not  absolute,  assurance  against  material  misstatement  or  loss,  and  to  manage  rather  than eliminate  risks  of  failure  in  the  Group's  operational  systems  and  in  the  achievement  of  the  Group's  business objectives.

For risk management, the Group has adopted a three lines of defense model to identify, assess and manage different  types  of  risks.  The  Group  is  committed  to  the  identification,  evaluation,  and  management  of  risks associated  with  its  business  activities  through  ongoing  assessment  of  a  risk  register,  by  considering  the likelihood and impact of each identified risk. For any newly identified significant risks, the Group will evaluate its financial or operational impacts to the Group and adopt ongoing mitigating measures to manage such risks. The major risks of the Group are disclosed in the subsection headed 'RISK AND UNCERTAINTIES' in the section headed 'MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS'.

The Group has developed an internal control system, which covers major financial, operational and compliance controls  to  safeguard  its  assets  against  unauthorised  use,  ensure  the  maintenance  of  proper  accounting records and ensure compliance with relevant laws and regulations. The internal control system is reviewed on an ongoing basis by the Board and Audit Committee annually. For any identified internal control weaknesses or defects, the Group will enhance control measures to rectify such control weaknesses or defects.

The Board and the Audit Committee have conducted an annual review for the need of internal audit function and  has  also  reviewed  annually  for  the  adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications  and  experience,  training  and budget of the accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions.

The  Company  has  engaged  an  Internal  Control  Consultant  to  conduct  independent  review  on  the  internal control  systems  of  the  Group.  Internal  control  review  report  were  submitted  to  and  approved  by  the  Board and  the  Audit  Committee.  For  the  principal  risks  faced  by  the  Group,  the  Management  has  developed ongoing mitigating measures to manage such risks. For control weaknesses identified by the Internal Control Consultant,  the  Group  has  adopted  enhanced  control  measures  to  rectify  relevant  control  weaknesses.  The abovementioned  annual  review  covered  material  controls,  including  financial,  operational  and  compliance controls and risk management functions of the Group. The Board considered that the risk management and internal  control  systems  of  the  Group  were  effective  during  the  Reporting  Period.  The  improvement  of  the systems of risk management and internal control is an ongoing process and the Board maintains a continuing commitment to strengthen the Group's environment control and processes.

## ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

The Board is responsible for effective governance and oversight of the environmental, social and governance matters, as well as assessment and management of material environmental and social risks. The ESG Report is prepared in accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide and will be separately published on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange together with this annual report at the same time.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy (' Dividend Policy ') with effect form 1 January 2019. The Board will consider the following factors before declaring or recommending dividends:

- the Company's operational results;
- the Company's cash flow situation;
- the Company's financial conditions;
- shareholders' interests;
- general business conditions and strategies;
- the Company's capital expenditure requirements;
- past dividend payout ratio/trends;
- statutory and regulatory restrictions;
- payment by the Company's subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company; and
- other factors the Board may deem relevant.

Such  declaration  and  payment  of  the  dividend  by  the  Company  is  also  subject  to  any  restrictions  under the  Companies  Laws  of  the  Cayman  Islands,  any  applicable  laws,  rule  and  regulations  and  the  Articles  of Association of the Company.

The Board will review the Dividend Policy from time to time and may exercise at its sole and absolute discretion to update, amend and/or modify the dividend policy at any time as it deems fit and necessary.

## HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

The Group has put in place the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information. The Group discloses inside information to the public as soon as reasonably practicable unless the information falls within any of the safe harbours as stated in the SFO. Before the information is fully disclosed to  the  public,  the  Group  ensures  the  information  is  kept  strictly  confidential.  If  the  Group  believes  that  the necessary  degree  of  confidentiality  cannot  be  maintained  or  that  confidentiality  may  have  been  breached, the Group would immediately disclose the information to the public. The Group is committed to ensure that information contained in announcements or circulars are not false or misleading as to a material fact, or false or misleading through the omission of a material fact in view of presenting information in a clear and balanced way, which requires equal disclosure of both positive and negative facts.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## EXTERNAL AUDITOR AND AUDITOR'S REMUNERATION

The  Company's  independent  external  auditor  is  ZHONGHUI  ANDA.  The  Audit  Committee  is  mandated  to ensure  continuing  auditors'  objectivity  and  safeguarding  independence  of  the  auditors.  Up  to  the  date  of this  annual  report,  the  Audit  Committee  has  considered  and  made  recommendation  to  the  Board  on  the engagement of ZHONGHUI ANDA as auditor of the Group in respect of the consolidated financial statements for the Reporting Period and the corresponding audit fees estimation.

For  the  Reporting  Period,  the  remuneration  paid/payable  by  the  Company  to  ZHONGHUI  ANDA  and  other ZHONGHUI ANDA network firms in respect of their audit and other non-audit services were as follows:

| HK$  Annual audit services  1,100,000  Non-audit services  - Services in relation to internal control review services  65,000  - Services in relation to environmental, social and governance reporting  70,000  - Other services  56,000  Total fees  1,291,000   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENT

The Articles of Association was adopted by the Shareholders on 22 February 2016 for housekeeping purpose and for the purpose of conforming with certain amendments to the Listing Rules which had become effective since the last amendment of the Articles of Association.

## COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The  Company  considers  that  effective  communication  with  Shareholders  is  essential  for  enhancing  investor relations and investor understanding of the Group's business performance and strategies. The Company also recognises the importance of transparency and timely disclosure of corporate information, which will enable Shareholders  and  investors  to  make  the  best  investment  decisions.  The  general  meetings  of  the  Company provide a forum for face-to-face communication between the Board and the Shareholders. The Chairman of the Board as well as chairmen of the Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee or, in their absence, other members of the respective committees and, where applicable, the chairman of the independent Board committee, are available to answer questions at Shareholder's meetings.

To facilitate effective communication, the Company publishes the up-to-date information and updates on the Company's business operations and developments, financial information, corporate governance practices and other information on its website for public access.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

To  safeguard  Shareholders'  interests  and  rights,  a  separate  resolution  is  proposed  for  each  substantially separate issue at the general meetings, including the election of individual Directors.

All resolutions put forward at the general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules, and the poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

The procedures for Shareholders to convene an EGM are governed by article 58 of the Articles of Association. A written requisition must be addressed to the Board or the Company Secretary. On the written requisition of Shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of such of the paid-up share capital of the Company as at the date of lodgment of the requisition, and the Board must proceed duly to convene an EGM.

The written requisition must state the objectives (which must be capable of being effectively achieved) of the meeting, be signed by the Shareholders who propose to convene the meeting, and be lodged at the registered office of the Company. The Board must thereafter within 21 days from the lodgment of the requisition proceed duly to convene a meeting for a day not more than 2 months after the date on which the notice convening the meeting is given.

Whilst giving the above written requisition, Shareholders are recommended to provide written explanation of the reasons and material implications relating to the proposed resolution to enable all of the Shareholders to properly consider and determine the proposed resolution.

The Company will, upon receipt of a properly lodged requisition referred to above, issue a notice of EGM of the proposed resolutions and (if applicable) circulars containing further information relating to the proposed resolution in accordance with the Listing Rules.

Shareholders  who  intend  to  put  forward  their  enquiries  to  the  Board  could  send  their  enquiries  to  the Company's head office and principal place of business in Hong Kong or by email to contact@rasr.com.hk.

Shareholders  can  contact  Tricor  Tengis  Limited,  the  Company's  branch  share  registrar  and  transfer  office  in Hong Kong, if they have any enquiries about their shareholdings and entitlements to dividend.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. Sun Shui was engaged as Company Secretary on 29 June 2016. The Company Secretary will report to the Chairman of the Board and/or the CEO. The Company Secretary will take no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training every year.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

The Board is pleased to present its report together with the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the Reporting Period.

## COMPANY INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability. The registered office is located at Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY 1-1111, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business is located at Room 1208, 12/F., West Tower, Shun Tak Centre, 168-200 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong. The Company's shares are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company. The Company, through its major subsidiaries, is principally engaged in:

- (i) Mining products segment - engaged in gold mining, exploration and trading of gold products;
- (ii) Trading and wholesale segment - engaged in trading of non-ferrous metal and wholesale and trading of frozen meat; and
- (iii) Money lending segment (discontinued operation) - provision of money lending services.

The activities of the subsidiaries are set out in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

An  analysis  of  the  performance  of  the  Group  for  the  Reporting  Period  by  operating  segments  is  set  out  in note 8 to the consolidated financial statement of this annual report and detailed management discussion and analysis is set out on pages 5 to 16 of this annual report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW

The business review of the Group for the Reporting Period is set out in the section headed 'MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS' on pages 5 to 7 of this annual report.

## RESULTS AND RESERVES

The results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on pages 51 to 52 of this annual report.

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out on page 55 in the consolidated statement of changes in equity of this annual report.

Under the Companies Law, share premium of the Company is available for distributions or paying dividends to  the  Shareholders  subject  to  the  provisions  of  the  Articles  of  Association  and  a  statutory  solvency  test.  In accordance with the article 134 of the Articles of Association, dividends may be declared and paid out of the profits of the Company or from any reserve set aside from profits which the Directors determine is no longer needed.  With  the  sanction  of  an  ordinary  resolution  dividends  may  also  be  declared  or  paid  out  of  share premium  account.  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  Company  has  no  reserves  available  for  distribution  to  the Shareholders (2021: nil).

## FINAL DIVIDENDS

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (2021: nil).

## CHARITABLE DONATIONS

The Group made no charitable and other donations for the Reporting Period (2021: nil).

## FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out on page 122 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

During  the  Reporting  Period,  the  Group's  five  largest  suppliers  accounted  for  66.6%  of  the  Group's  total purchases, and the purchase from the Group's largest supplier included therein accounted for 33.4% of the total purchase for the year.

For the Reporting Period, the Group's sales to its five largest customers accounted for 92.72% of the Group's total sales, and the sales to the largest customer included therein accounted for 41.66% of the total sales for the year.

None  of  the  Directors,  any  of  their  associates  or  any  Shareholders  (which,  to  the  best  knowledge  of  the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group's top five largest customers and suppliers.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the Reporting Period are set out in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## SHARE CAPITAL

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  authorised  share  capital  of  the  Company  was  HK$250,000,000,  divided  into 25,000,000,000  Shares  of  HK$0.01  each,  of  which  1,515,256,058  Shares  were  issued  and  fully  paid  up  or credited as fully paid up in the amount of HK$15,152,560.58. Details of movement in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## BORROWINGS AND OTHER BORROWINGS

The  total  borrowings  of  the  Group  as  at  31  December  2022  amounted  to  approximately  HK$315,763,000 (2021: approximately HK$261,926,000). Particulars of borrowings and other borrowings are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS

The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were:

## Executive Directors

- Mr. Qiu Zhenyi (Chairman of Board)
- Mr. Zhu Shengsheng (CEO)
- Mr. Pan Feng
- Mr. Xie Qiangming

## NED

- Ms. Ng Ching
- Mr. Xu Huiqiang (appointed on 28 November 2022)
- Dr. Wang Wei Hsin (appointed on 20 July 2022 and resigned on 28 November 2022)

## INEDs

- Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca (appointed on 3 August 2022)
- Mr. Chen Jian (appointed on 1 June 2022)
- Mr. Tse Sze Pan (appointed on 4 February 2022)
- Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel (appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022)
- Mr. Ho Wing Chung (resigned on 1 June 2022)
- Mr. Cai Jianhua (resigned on 4 February 2022)
- Mr. Yan Xiaotian (resigned on 4 February 2022)

In accordance with article 83(3) of the Articles of Association, Mr. Chen Jian, Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca and Mr. Xu Huiqiang, shall retire from office at the first general meeting of the Company after their appointments and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election as Director.

In accordance with article 84 of the Articles of Association, at each annual general meeting one-third of the Directors from the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years. Any Director appointed by the Board pursuant to article 83(3) shall not take into account in determining which particular Directors or the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation. The retiring Director shall be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Mr. Qiu Zhenyi, Mr. Xie Qiangming and Ms. Ng Ching will retire at the AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election as Directors.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS

Biographical details of the Directors as at the date of this report are set out on pages 17 to 20 of this annual report.

## CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE OF INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Each of the current INEDs has confirmed their independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the INEDs to be independent in accordance with the Listing Rules.

## CHANGES IN DIRECTORS' INFORMATION

Save as disclosed below and/or in the 2022 Interim Report or otherwise in this annual report, pursuant to rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, there is no change to the directorship and no updated information since the date of 2022 Interim Report and up to the date of this report.

| Name of Directors  Details of Changes  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  Appointed  as  an  INED,  member  and  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  member  of  Nomination  Committee  and  Remuneration  Committee  on  4  February 2022, and resigned on 3 August 2022  Mr. Tse Sze Pan  Appointed as an INED, member and chairman of the Remuneration Committee  and  member  of  Nomination  Committee  and  Audit  Committee  on  4  February  2022  Mr. Chen Jian  Appointed  as  an  INED,  member  of  the  Audit  Committee,  Nomination  Committee and Remuneration Committee on 1 June 2022  Dr. Wang Wei Hsin  Appointed  as  a  NED  and  vice  chairman  of  the  Board  on  20  July  2022  and  resigned on 28 November 2022  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca  Appointed  as  an  INED,  member  and  chairman  of  the  Audit  Committee  and  member of Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee on 3 August  2022  Mr. Xu Huiqiang  Appointed as a NED on 28 November 2022  Mr. Ho Wing Chung  Resigned from all positions with the Company on 1 June 2022  Mr. Cai Jianhua  Resigned from all positions with the Company on 4 February 2022  Mr. Yan Xiaotian  Resigned from all positions with the Company on 4 February 2022   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' SERVICE CONTRACTS AND LETTERS OF APPOINTMENT

No  Director  proposed  for  re-election  at  the  forthcoming  AGM  has  a  services  contract  with  the  Company which  exceeds  three  years  and  is  not  determinable  by  the  Company  within  one  year  without  payment  of compensation, other than statutory compensation.

According to the respective service contracts of the four Executive Directors, the terms of Mr. Xie Qiangming and Mr. Zhu Shengsheng will expire on 29 September 2023 and 2 June 2024 respectively, and the terms of Mr. Pan Feng and Mr. Qiu Zhenyi, will expire on 1 September 2024.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## DIRECTORS'  SERVICE  CONTRACTS  AND  LETTERS  OF  APPOINTMENT (Continued)

According to the respective appointment letters of the two NEDs, the term of Ms. Ng Ching will expire on 14 November 2023 and the terms of Mr. Xu Huiqiang will expire on 27 November 2023.

According to the respective appointment letters of the three INEDs, the term of Mr. Chen Jian will expire on 31 May 2023, the terms of Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca will expire on 2 August 2023, and the terms of Mr. Tse Sze Pan will expire on 3 February 2024.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report, the directors are indemnified out of  the  assets  and  profits  of  the  Company  from  and  against  all  actions,  costs,  charges,  losses,  damages  and expenses which they or any of them shall or may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the execution of their duty, or supposed duty, in their respective offices. The Company has taken out and maintained directors' liability insurance which provides appropriate cover for the directors and directors of the subsidiaries of the Group.

## DIRECTORS'  INTERESTS  IN  TRANSACTIONS,  ARRANGEMENTS  OR CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  section  head  'Connected  Transactions  and  Related  Party  Transactions'  below  and notes 28 and 36 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in relation to the Group's business in which a Director or an entity connected with a  Director  had  a  material  interest,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  subsisted  at  any  time  during  the  Reporting Period or at the end of the year 2022.

## DIRECTORS'  AND  CONTROLLING  SHAREHOLDERS'  INTERESTS  IN  A COMPETING BUSINESS

During  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Directors,  including the  independent  non-executive  Directors,  are  not  aware  of  any  business  or  interest  of  the  Directors,  the management of the Company and their respective close associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) that compete or may compete with the business of the Group and any other conflict of interest which any such person had or might have with the Group.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No  contract  concerning  the  management  and  administration  of  the  whole  or  any  substantial  part  of  the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Save  as  disclosed  above  and  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  Interests  in  Transactions,  Arrangements  or Contracts of Significance' above and notes 28 and 36 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report,  no  other  connected  transaction  nor  related  party  transaction  of  the  Company  has  been  carried  out during the Reporting Period.

In  relation  to  the  loans  and  transactions  disclosed  under  notes  28  and  36  to  the  consolidated  financial statements of this annual report, the loans and transactions are fully exempted connected transactions under Rule 14A.90 of the Listing Rules as they are conducted on normal commercial terms and are unsecured by the assets of the Group.

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The  Company  adopted  the  Share  Option  Scheme  which  was  approved  by  Shareholders  at  the  extraordinary general meeting held on 22 February 2016.

The exercise period of the share options is determined by the Board, which are entitled to make any offer to any  eligible  participant  within  the  10  years  period  starting  from  22  February  2016,  they  may  determine  the number of underlying shares, the subscription price and the expiration day in full discretion.

The goal of the Share Option Scheme is to enable the Group to grant share options to eligible participants as  incentives  or  rewards  for  their  contributions  to  the  Group,  thereby  linking  their  interests  with  that  of  the Group. The eligible participants include any employee, advisor, consultant, service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary (including any director of the Company or any subsidiary).

The total number of shares the Company may issue upon exercise of the option granted to each participant in  any  12-month  period  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  is  limited  to  1%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company issued. Any further grant of share options exceeding this limit is subject to Shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

Under  the  Share  Option  Scheme,  any  share  options  granted  to  a  director,  chief  executive  or  substantial shareholder of the Company, or to any of their respective associates, is subject to INEDs' approval. In the cases where  share  options  are  granted  to  a  substantial  shareholder  or  an  INED,  (i)  if  the  total  number  of  Shares granted exceeds 0.1% of the issued Shares, or (ii) if the aggregated value (based on the closing price at the date of grant) is over HK$5 million within the 12-month period, the grant is subject to Shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

The offer of a grant of share options shall deem to be accepted when the offer letter is duly signed by the grantee and the nominal consideration for the grant of HK$1 is received by the Company within 21 days from the date of the offer.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

The exercise price of the share option is determined by the Board, but shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of Stock Exchange on the date of the offer of the grant, which must be a trading day; (ii) the average closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's shares.

The maximum number of shares options that can be exercised under the refreshed mandate limit of the Share Option Scheme is 87,724,887 Shares (representing 10% of the then issued share capital of the Company as at the refreshment date of 28 June 2016, and approximately 5.55% of the total number of issued share capital of the Company as at the date of this report) and were granted to the grantees on 16 September 2021.

Details of movement of the share options during the Reporting Period as follows:

| Grant  date  Exercise  price  Exercisable  Closing  price of the  Company's  shares  immediately  before the  grant date  Number of share options  As at  As at  (HK$)  period  (HK$)  1/1/2022  Granted  Exercised  (2)  Lapsed  Cancelled  31/12/2022  Mr. Qiu Zhenyi  (Executive Director)  16/9/2021  0.284  15/11/2021-  15/09/2023  0.280  15,150,000  -  -  -  -  15,150,000  Mr. Zhu Shengsheng  (Executive Director)  16/9/2021  0.284  15/11/2021-  15/09/2023  0.280  15,150,000  -  -  -  -  15,150,000  Mr. Pan Feng  (Executive Director)  16/9/2021  0.284  15/11/2021-  15/09/2023  0.280  15,150,000  -  -  -  -  15,150,000  Continuous contract  employees  16/9/2021  0.284  15/11/2021-  15/09/2023  0.280  29,000,000  -  -  -  -  29,000,000  Consultant  (2)  16/9/2021  0.284  15/11/2021-  0.280  13,274,887  -  -  -  -  13,274,887   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1) All options are vested immediately on the date of grant.
- (2) The share options were granted to a consultant, Upgain Management Limited, in recognition of its past and/or future contributions and services provided to and/or to be provided to the Group.
- (3) No  share  option  was  exercised  during  the  Reporting  Period,  therefore,  the  weighted  average  closing  price  of  the relevant Shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was zero.

15/09/2023

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## REMUNERATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Brief summary of the remuneration policy of the Group is set out in page 28 of this annual report. Details of the Directors' fee and remuneration of the Directors and the emoluments of the five highest paid individuals during  the  Reporting  Period  are  set  out  in  note  16  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  this  annual report.

## PENSION SCHEMES

Details of the pension schemes are set out in notes 4 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS'  AND  CHIEF  EXECUTIVE'S  INTERESTS  IN  SHARES  OF  THE COMPANY

Save as disclosed below, as at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company or  their  associates  had  any  interests  and  short  positions  in  the  shares,  underlying  shares  or  debentures  of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which are required (a)  to  be  notified  to  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange  pursuant  to  Divisions  7  and  8  of  Part  XV  of  the SFO (including interests or short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) pursuant to the Model Code to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange:

| Name of Directors  Capacity  Number of  Shares/  Underlying  Shares  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  Mr. Qiu Zhenyi  Beneficial owner  15,150,000 (1)  0.99%  Mr. Zhu Shengsheng  Beneficial owner  15,150,000 (1)  0.99%  Mr. Pan Feng  Beneficial owner  15,150,000 (1)  0.99%  Mr. Xu Huiqiang  Interest of controlled corporation  315,291,852 (2)  20.80%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

1. Share options granted to the Directors by the Company.
2. Mr.  Xu  Huiqiang  through  his  100%  controlled  Hong  Kong  company,  Zhongyingsheng  International  Investment Management Co. Limited, holds 72,054,476 Shares, and through his 50% controlled British Virgin Islands company, Excellent Shine Capital Limited, holds 243,237,376 Shares.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save as otherwise disclosed in this annual report, at no time during the Reporting Period was the Company, any of its subsidiaries, its holding company or a subsidiary of its holding company a party to any arrangements to  enable  the  Directors  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in,  or  debentures  of,  the Company  or  any  other  body  corporate,  and  neither  the  Directors  nor  the  chief  executive  (including  their spouse and children under 18 years of age) had an interest in, or been granted any rights to subscribe for the securities of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), or had exercised any such right.

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN SHARES

Save as disclosed below, as at 31 December 2022, to the best knowledge of the Directors or chief executive of the Company, no person (other than a Director or chief executive of the Company) had interests or short positions  in  the  shares  or  underlying  shares  of  the  Company,  as  recorded  in  the  register  maintained  by  the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

| Name of Shareholders  Capacity  Number of  Shares  Approximate  percentage of  shareholding  Reconstruction Capital  Group Limited (1)  Beneficial owner  368,728,789  24.33%  Ms. Sun Guiling (1)  Interest of controlled corporation  368,728,789  24.33%  Mr. Wang Song (1)  Interest of controlled corporation  368,728,789  24.33%  Mr. Ng Chikong  Beneficial owner  87,007,209  5.74%  Excellent Shine Capital Limited (2)  Beneficial owner  243,237,376  16.05%  Ms. Wang Huimin (2)  Interest of controlled corporation  243,237,376  16.05%  Mr. Xu Huiqiang (2&amp;3)  Interest of controlled corporation  315,291,852  20.80%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Reconstruction Capital Group Limited is a company directly held 50% by Ms. Sun Guiling and 50% by Mr. Wang Song,  therefore  they  are  deemed  to  be  interested  in  the  Shares  in  which  Reconstruction  Capital  Group  Limited  is interested in.
2. Excellent Shine Capital Limited is a company directly held 50% by Ms. Wang Huimin and 50% by Mr. Xu Huiqiang, therefore they are deemed to be interested in the Shares in which Excellent Shine Capital Limited is interested in.
3. Mr.  Xu  Huiqiang  through  his  100%  controlled  Hong  Kong  company,  Zhongyingsheng  International  Investment Management Co. Limited, holds 72,054,476 Shares, and through his 50% controlled British Virgin Islands company, Excellent Shine Capital Limited, holds 243,237,376 Shares.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES

During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed securities.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There  is  no  provision  for  pre-emptive  rights  under  the  Articles  of  Association  or  the  Companies  Law,  which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

None of the Directors or their respective associates had, either directly or indirectly, an interest in a business which causes or may cause any significant competition with the businesses of the Group during the Reporting Period.

## REVIEW OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  Audit  Committee  has  reviewed  with  the  Management  and  the  Auditor,  the  accounting  principles  and policies  as  adopted  by  the  Company,  the  practices  of  the  Group  and  the  audited  consolidated  financial statements for the Reporting Period.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The  Company  is  committed  to  maintaining  the  highest  standard  of  corporate  governance  practices. Information  on  the  corporate  governance  practices  adopted  by  the  Company  is  set  out  in  the  Corporate Governance Report on pages 21 to 37 of this annual report.

## EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 12 January 2023, the Company (as issuer) entered into a settlement agreement with an independent third party  (as  subscriber)  to  settle  the  HK$17,910,400  owed  to  the  subscriber  by  way  of  issuing  and  subscribing of  new  Shares  under  the  general  mandate.  One  30  January  2023,  after  all  the  condition  precedent  of  the settlement  agreement  have  been  fulfilled,  the  Company  has  issued  and  allotted  66,334,814  settlement shares to the subscriber at the subscription price of HK$0.27 per Shares to fully settle the amount due to the subscriber. Details of the settlement agreement and the issuance and allotment of shares, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 12 January 2023 and 30 January 2023.

## SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, it  is  confirmed  that  there  is  sufficient  public  float  of  at  least  25%  of  the  Company's  issued  share  capital throughout the Reporting Period and as at the date of this report.

## REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS

## AUDITOR

ZHONGHUI ANDA was appointed as the auditor of the Group on 10 October 2014 for conducting the audit works of the Group since then.

ZHONGHUI ANDA shall retire in the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer itself for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of ZHONGHUI ANDA as the auditor of the Group will be proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

On behalf of the Board Qiu Zhenyi

Chairman of the Board

Hong Kong, 19 April 2023

<!-- image -->

## TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF RENAISSANCE ASIA SILK ROAD GROUP LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

We  were  engaged  to  audit  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Renaissance  Asia  Silk  Road  Group Limited  (the  'Company')  and  its  subsidiaries  (collectively  referred  to  as  the  'Group')  set  out  on  pages  51 to  121,  which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  as  at  31  December  2022,  and  the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in  equity  and  consolidated  statement  of  cash  flows  for  the  year  then  ended,  and  notes  to  the  consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

We  do  not  express  an  opinion  on  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  Group.  Because  of  the significance of the material uncertainty relating to the going concern basis described in the Basis for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, it is not possible for us to form an opinion on these consolidated financial statements.  In  all  other  respects,  in  our  opinion,  the  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR DISCLAIMER OF OPINION

We draw attention to note 2 to the consolidated financial statements which mentions that the Group incurred a loss of approximately HK$61,892,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022 and as at 31 December 2022 the  Group  had  net  current  liabilities  and  net  liabilities  approximately  HK$323,519,000  and  approximately HK$125,139,000  respectively.  These  conditions  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  which  may cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern.  The  consolidated  financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, the validity of which depends upon (i) the successful completion  of  various  proposed  measures  and  (ii)  the  successful  outcome  that  certain  measures  to  improve its financial position to provide liquidity and cash flows. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that would result from the failure to complete various proposed measures and the failure to improve its financial positions, to provide liquidity and cash flows. We consider that the material uncertainty has  been  adequately  disclosed  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  However,  in  view  of  the  extent  of the  multiple  uncertainties  relating  to  (i)  the  successful  completion  of  various  proposed  measures  and  (ii)  the successful outcome that certain measures to improve its financial position, to provide liquidity and cash flows, we disclaim our opinion in respect of the material uncertainty relating to the going concern basis.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is  necessary  to  enable  the  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  that  are  free  from  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the  directors  are  responsible  for  assessing  the  Group's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using the  going  concern  basis  of  accounting  unless  the  directors  either  intend  to  liquidate  the  Group  or  to  cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our responsibility is to conduct an audit of the Group's consolidated financial statements in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing issued by the HKICPA and to issue an auditor's report. However, because of  the  significance  of  the  material  uncertainty  relating  to  the  going  concern  basis  described  in  the  Basis  for Disclaimer of Opinion section of our report, it is not possible for us to form an opinion on these consolidated financial statements.

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the 'Code'), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.

## ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA Limited

Certified Public Accountants Yeung Hong Chun Audit Engagement Director Practising Certificate Number P07374

Hong Kong, 31 March 2023

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  (restated)  Continuing operations  Revenue  9  207,435  116,810  Cost of sales  (137,343)  (66,534)  Gross profit  70,092  50,276  Other income  10  296  18,484  Administrative expenses  (48,538)  (44,066)  Other expenses  11  (31,171)  (80,895)  Loss from operations  (9,321)  (56,201)  Finance costs  12  (51,221)  (53,374)  Loss before tax  (60,542)  (109,575)  Income tax (expense)/credit  13  (1,609)  4,835  Loss for the year from continuing operations  (62,151)  (104,740)  Discontinued operation  Profit for the year from discontinued operation  14  259  3,755  Loss for the year  15  (61,892)  (100,985)  Other comprehensive (loss)/income:  Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:  Fair value changes of equity investments at fair value  through other comprehensive income, net  (12,691)  4,251  Deferred tax effect arising on fair value change of  equity investments at fair value through other  comprehensive income  (831)  -  Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:  Exchange differences on translating foreign operations  (9,882)  (12,087)  Other comprehensive loss for the year, net of tax  (23,404)  (7,836)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (85,296)  (108,821)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  (restated)  (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to:  Owners of the Company  - Continuing operations  (38,831)  (59,133)  - Discontinued operation  259  3,755  (38,572)  (55,378)  Non-controlling interests  - Continuing operations  (23,320)  (45,607)  Loss for the year  (61,892)  (100,985)  Total comprehensive loss attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (58,999)  (61,998)  Non-controlling interests  (26,297)  (46,823)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (85,296)  (108,821)  Loss per share (HK cents)  From continuing and discontinued operations  Basic  18(a)  (2.55)  (4.02)  Diluted  18(a)  N/A  N/A  From continuing operations  Basic  18(b)  (2.57)  (4.29)  Diluted  18(b)  N/A  N/A  From discontinued operation  Basic  18(c)  0.02  0.27  Diluted  18(c)  N/A  N/A   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  19  137,728  137,935  Right-of-use assets  20  378  1,254  Mining right  21  32,125  59,639  Equity investments at fair value through  other comprehensive income  22  51,507  64,382  221,738  263,210  Current assets  Trade and other receivables  24  24,564  19,689  Loan receivables  25  -  411  Bank and cash balances  52,388  7,274  76,952  27,374  Current liabilities  Trade and other payables  26  94,065  50,337  Contract liabilities  27  4,516  9,553  Borrowings  28  301,434  223,808  Lease liabilities  29  456  875  400,471  284,573  Net current liabilities  (323,519)  (257,199)  Total assets less current liabilities  (101,781)  6,011  Non-current liabilities  Borrowings  28  14,329  38,118  Lease liabilities  29  -  456  Deferred tax liabilities  30  9,029  7,280  23,358  45,854  NET LIABILITIES  (125,139)  (39,843)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

AT 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  Notes  HK$'000  HK$'000  Capital and reserves  Share capital  31  15,153  15,153  Reserves  32  179,680  238,679  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  194,833  253,832  Non-controlling interests  (319,972)  (293,675)  TOTAL EQUITY  (125,139)  (39,843)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The consolidated financial statements on pages 51 to 54 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March 2023 and are signed on its behalf by:

Approved by:

Qiu Zhenyi Director

Zhu Shengsheng Director

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Share-  based  payment  reserve  Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  Equity  investment  revaluation  reserve  Retained  earning  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  12,627  20,652  300  -  39,761  2,853  172,013  248,206  (246,852)  1,354  Issue of subscription shares (note 31(i))  2,526  56,569  -  -  -  -  -  59,095  -  59,095  Share-based payments  -  -  -  8,529  -  -  -  8,529  -  8,529  Total comprehensive (loss)/income  for the year  -  -  -  -  (10,871)  4,251  (55,378)  (61,998)  (46,823)  (108,821)  At 31 December 2021  15,153  77,221  300  8,529  28,890  7,104  116,635  253,832  (293,675)  (39,843)  At 1 January 2022  15,153  77,221  300  8,529  28,890  7,104  116,635  253,832  (293,675)  (39,843)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (6,905)  (13,522)  (38,572)  (58,999)  (26,297)  (85,296)  At 31 December 2022  15,153  77,221  300  8,529  21,985  (6,418)  78,063  194,833  (319,972)  (125,139)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES  Loss before tax  - Continuing operations  (60,542)  (109,575)  - Discontinued operation  (89)  3,755  Adjustments for:  Finance costs  51,226  55,273  Interest income  (20)  (21)  Depreciation  19,533  15,621  Amortisation of mining right  2,018  1,536  Waiver from other borrowings  -  (18,042)  Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment  24,392  51,339  Impairment loss on prepayments for property,  plant and equipment and construction  1,086  797  Impairment loss on trade receivables  -  6,544  Reversal of impairment loss on loan receivables  -  (3,538)  Impairment loss on mining right  5,693  22,215  Share option expenses  -  8,529  Gain on lease termination  -  (421)  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  (348)  -  Operating profit before working capital changes  42,949  34,012  Change in loan receivables  -  94,130  Change in trade and other receivables  (6,541)  (8,524)  Change in trade and other payables  43,821  13,525  Change in contract liabilities  (5,037)  (1,393)  Net cash generated from operating activities  75,192  131,750  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES  Interest received  20  21  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (51,612)  (75,301)  Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary  796  -  Net cash used in investing activities  (50,796)  (75,280)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES  Borrowings raised  26,456  61,806  Repayment of borrowings  (6,334)  (51,457)  Repayment of other borrowings  -  (96,320)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (934)  (831)  Lease interests paid  (50)  (66)  Loan interests paid  -  (12,926)  Proceeds from issue of shares  -  59,095  Net cash generated from/(used in)financing activities  19,138  (40,699)  NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  43,534  15,771  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  1,580  (17,804)  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR  7,274  9,307  CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR  52,388  7,274  ANALYSIS OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  Bank and cash balances  52,388  7,274   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 1. GENERAL INFORMATION

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The address of its principal place of business has been changed to Room 1208, 12/F., West Tower, Shun Tak Centre, 168-200 Connaught Road Central, Hong Kong with effect from 15 July 2022. The Company's shares are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange.

The Company is an investment holding company. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements.

## 2. GOING CONCERN BASIS

The  Group  incurred  a  loss  of  approximately  HK$61,892,000  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022 and as at 31 December 2022 the Group had net current liabilities and net liabilities of approximately HK$323,519,000  and  approximately  HK$125,139,000  respectively.  These  conditions  indicate  the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, the Group may be unable to realise its assets and discharge its liabilities in the normal course of business.

In  order  to  improve the Group's financial position, to provide liquidity and cash flows and sustain the Group as a going concern, the Group has been implementing a number of measures, including but not limited to:

- (i) The Group is negotiating with lender to roll over the loan repayments and extend repayment of interests; and
- (ii) The Group is looking for potential investor(s) to invest in the Company.

In  addition,  the  Group  is  currently  focusing  on  the  integration  of  gold  mines  and  strengthening  its operations  of  production  and  sales  of  gold,  and  the  management  of  the  Group  is  also  implementing costsaving measures to improve its operating cash flows and financial position.

On the basis that the Group can successfully completed the various proposed measures as mentioned above to improve its operating results and cash flows, the Directors believe that the Group will have sufficient funds to finance its current working capital requirements in the next twelve months from the end of the reporting date. Accordingly, the consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3. ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

In  the  current  year,  the  Group  has  adopted  all  the  new  and  revised  HKFRSs  issued  by  the  HKICPA that are relevant to its operations and effective for its accounting year beginning on 1 January 2022. HKFRSs  comprise  HKFRS;  HKAS;  and  Interpretations.  The  adoption  of  these  new  and  revised  HKFRSs did  not  result  in  significant  changes  to  the  Group's  accounting  policies,  presentation  of  the  Group's consolidated financial statements and amounts reported for the current year and prior years.

## New  standards,  amendments  and  revised  conceptual  framework  not yet adopted

Standards, amendments and revised conceptual framework that have been issued but not yet effective on 1 January 2022 and not been early adopted by the Group are as follows:

| Effective for  the financial  year beginning  on or after  HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts  1 January 2023  HKAS 1  Amendments in relation to Disclosure of Accounting  Policies  1 January 2023  HKAS 8  Amendments in relation to Definition of Accounting  Estimates  1 January 2023  HKAS 12  Amendments in relation to Deferred Tax related  to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single  Transaction  1 January 2023  HKFRS 16  Amendments in relation to Lease Liability in a Sale  and Leaseback  1 January 2024  HKAS 1  Amendments in relation to Classification of Liabilities  as Current or Non-current  1 January 2024  HKAS 1  Amendments in relation to Non-current Liabilities  with Covenants  1 January 2024  HK - int 5  Amendments in relation to Amendments to HKAS 1  1 January 2024  HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28  Amendments in relation to Sale or Contribution of  Assets between an Investor and its Associate or  Joint Venture  To be determined   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 3. ADOPTION OF NEW AND REVISED HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

## New  standards,  amendments  and  revised  conceptual  framework  not yet adopted (Continued)

The Group has not applied the new and revised HKFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective. The Group has already commenced an assessment of the impact of these new and revised HKFRSs but is not yet in a position to state whether these new and revised HKFRSs would have a material impact on its results of operations and financial position.

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  HKFRSs,  accounting principles  generally  accepted  in  Hong  Kong  and  the  applicable  disclosures  required  by  the  Rules Governing  the  Listing  of  Securities  on  the  Stock  Exchange  and  by  the  Hong  Kong  Companies Ordinance.

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  conventions, as  modified  by  the  revaluation  of  investments  which  are  carried  at  fair  values.  These  consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (HK$) and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

The  preparation  of  consolidated  financial  statements  in  conformity  with  HKFRSs  requires  the  use  of certain key assumptions and estimates. It also requires the directors to exercise their judgements in the process of applying the accounting policies. The areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to  these  consolidated  financial  statements  are  disclosed  in  note  5  to  these  consolidated  financial statements.

The significant accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Consolidation

The  consolidated  financial  statements  include  the  financial  statements  of  the  Company  and  its subsidiaries made up to 31 December. Subsidiaries are entities over which the Group has control. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. The Group has power over an entity when the Group has existing rights that give it  the  current  ability  to  direct  the relevant activities, i.e. activities that significantly affect the entity's returns.

When assessing control, the Group considers its potential voting rights as well as potential voting rights held by other parties, to determine whether it has control. A potential voting right is considered only if the holder has the practical ability to exercise that right.

Subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date the control ceases.

Intragroup  transactions,  balances  and  unrealised  profits  are  eliminated.  Unrealised  losses  are  also eliminated  unless  the  transaction  provides  evidence  of  an  impairment  of  the  asset  transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

Non-controlling  interests  represent  the  equity  in  subsidiaries  not  attributable,  directly  or  indirectly,  to the Company. Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position and consolidated statement of changes in equity within equity. Non-controlling interests are presented in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  as  an  allocation  of profit  or  loss  and  total  comprehensive  income  for  the  year  between  the  non-controlling  shareholders and owners of the Company.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and to the  non-controlling  shareholders  even  if  this  results  in  the  non-controlling  interests having a deficit balance.

Changes in the Company's ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted  for  as  equity  transactions  (i.e.  transactions  with  owners  in  their  capacity  as  owners).  The carrying  amounts  of  the  controlling  and  non-controlling  interests  are  adjusted  to  reflect  the  changes in  their  relative  interests  in  the  subsidiary.  Any  difference  between  the  amount  by  which  the  noncontrolling interests are adjusted and the fair value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to the owners of the Company.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currency translation

## (a) Functional and presentation currency

Items  included  in  the  financial  statements  of  each  of  the  Group's  entities  are  measured  using the  currency  of  the  primary  economic  environment  in  which  the  entity  operates  ('functional currency'). The consolidated financial statements are presented in HK$, which is the Company's functional and presentation currency.

## (b) Transactions and balances in each entity's financial statements

Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency on initial recognition using  the  exchange  rates  prevailing  on  the  transaction  dates.  Monetary  assets  and  liabilities  in foreign currencies are translated at the exchange rates at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from this translation policy are recognised in profit or loss.

Non-monetary items that are measured at fair values in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rates at the dates when the fair values are determined.

When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in other comprehensive income, any exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income. When a gain or loss on a non-monetary item is recognised in profit or loss, any exchange component of that gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

## (c) Translation on consolidation

The  results  and  financial  position  of  all  the  Group  entities  that  have  a  functional  currency different  from  the  Company's  presentation  currency  are  translated  into  the  Company's presentation currency as follows:

- (i) Assets and liabilities for each statement of financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of that statement of financial position;
- (ii) Income  and  expenses  are  translated  at  average  exchange  rates  (unless  this  average  is not  a  reasonable  approximation  of  the  cumulative  effect  of  the  rates  prevailing  on  the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the exchange rates on the transaction dates); and
- (iii) All  resulting  exchange  differences  are  recognised  in  the  foreign  currency  translation reserve.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currency translation (Continued)

## (c) Translation on consolidation (Continued)

On  consolidation,  exchange  differences  arising  from  the  translation  of  the  net  investment  in foreign  entities  and  of  borrowings  are  recognised  in  the  foreign  currency  translation  reserve. When a foreign operation is sold, such exchange differences are recognised in consolidated profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal.

Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

## Property, plant and equipment

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

Subsequent  costs  are  included  in  the  asset's  carrying  amount  or  recognised  as  a  separate  asset,  as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance are recognised in profit or loss during the period in which they are incurred.

Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated at rates sufficient to write off their cost less their residual values over the estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. The principal annual rates are as follows:

| Buildings  20%  Plant and machinery  20%  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  15%-25%  Motor vehicles  10%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation of mining infrastructure is calculated using the units of production method to write off the cost of the assets proportionately to the extraction of the proved and probable mineral reserves.

The residual values, useful lives and depreciation method are reviewed and adjusted, if appropriate, at the end of each reporting period.

Construction  in  progress  represents  buildings  under  construction  and  plant  and  machinery  pending installation, and is stated at cost less impairment losses. Depreciation begins when the relevant assets are available for use.

The gain or loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset, and is recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Stripping costs

Stripping  costs  incurred  in  the  development  of  a  mine  before  production  commences  are  capitalised as part of the cost of constructing the mine and subsequently amortised over the life of the mine on a units of production basis.

Stripping  costs  incurred  subsequently  during  the  production  phase  of  its  operation  are  deferred  for those  operations  where  this  is  the  most  appropriate  basis  for  matching  the  cost  against  the  related economic benefits and the effect is material. This is generally the case where there are fluctuations in stripping costs over the life of the mine. The amount of stripping costs deferred is based on the strip ratio obtained by dividing the tonnage of waste mined by the quantity of minerals contained in the ore. Stripping costs incurred in the period are deferred to the extent that the current period ratio exceeds the life of the mine strip ratio. Such deferred costs are then charged to profit or loss to the extent that, in subsequent periods, the current period ratio falls short of the life of mine ratio. The life of mine ratio is  based  on  economically  recoverable  reserves  of  the  mine.  Changes  are  accounted  for  prospectively, from the date of the change.

Deferred stripping costs are included as part of 'Mining infrastructure'. These form part of the total investment  in  the  relevant  cash  generating  units,  which  are  reviewed  for  impairment  if  events  or changes of circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.

## Mining right

Mining right  is  stated  at  cost  less  accumulated  amortisation  and  any  impairment  losses.  Mining  right includes  the  cost  of  acquiring  mining  licenses,  exploration  and  evaluation  costs  transferred  from exploration rights and assets upon determination that an exploration property is capable of commercial production,  and  the  cost  of  acquiring  interests  in  the  mining  reserves  of  existing  mining  properties. The  mining  right  is  amortised  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of  the  mines,  in  accordance  with  the production  plans  of  the  entities  concerned  and  the  proved  and  probable  reserves  of  the  mines  using the  units  of  production  method.  Mining  right  is  written  off  to  profit  or  loss  if  the  mining  property  is abandoned.

## Leases

## The Group as lessee

Leases are recognised as right-of-use assets and corresponding lease liabilities when the leased assets are available for use by the Group. Right-of-use assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Depreciation of right-of-use assets is calculated at rates to write off their cost over the shorter of the asset's useful life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. The principal useful lives are as follows:

Buildings

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## The Group as lessee (Continued)

Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities,  lease  payments prepaid, initial direct costs and the restoration costs. Lease liabilities include the  net  present  value  of  the  lease  payments  discounted  using  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  the  lease  if that rate can be determined, or otherwise the Group's incremental borrowing rate. Each lease payment is allocated between the liability and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability.

Payments associated with short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as expenses in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the lease terms. Short-term leases are leases with an initial lease term of 12 months or less. Low-value assets are assets of value below US$5,000.

## Recognition and derecognition of financial instruments

Financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  are  recognised  in  the  statement  of  financial  position  when  the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instruments.

Financial  assets  are  derecognised  when  the  contractual  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  the  assets expire;  the  Group  transfers  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  ownership  of  the  assets;  or  the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the assets but has not retained control on the assets. On derecognition of a financial asset, the difference between the asset's carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received.

Financial liabilities are derecognised when the obligation specified in the relevant contract is discharged, cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and the consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial assets

Financial assets are recognised and derecognised on a trade date basis where the purchase or sale of an asset is under a contract whose terms require delivery of the asset within the timeframe established by the market concerned, and are initially recognised at fair value, plus directly attributable transaction costs  except  in  the  case  of  investments  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss.  Transaction  costs  directly attributable  to  the  acquisition  of  investments  at  fair  value  through  profit  or  loss  are  recognised immediately in profit or loss.

Financial assets of the Group are classified as financial assets at amortised cost and equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial assets (Continued)

## (i) Financial assets at amortised cost

Financial assets (including trade and other receivables) are classified under this category if they satisfy both of the following conditions:

- -the assets are held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets in order to collect contractual cash flows; and
- -the  contractual  terms  of  the  assets  give  rise  on  specified  dates  to  cash  flows  that  are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

They are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method less loss allowance for expected credit losses.

## (ii) Equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income

On  initial  recognition,  the  Group  can  make  an  irrevocable  election  (on  an  instrument-byinstrument basis) to designate investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading as at fair value through other comprehensive income.

Equity  investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income  are  subsequently measured at  fair  value  with  gains  and  losses  arising  from  changes  in  fair  values  recognised  in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the equity investment revaluation reserve. On derecognition  of  an  investment,  the  cumulative  gains  or  losses  previously  accumulated  in  the equity investment revaluation reserve are not reclassified to profit or loss.

Dividends  on  these  investments  are  recognised  in  profit  or  loss,  unless  the  dividends  clearly represent a recovery of part of the cost of the investment.

## Loss allowances for expected credit losses

The Group recognises loss allowances for expected credit losses on financial assets at amortised cost. Expected credit losses are the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.

At the end of each reporting period, the Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at  an  amount equal to the expected credit losses that result from all possible default events over the expected life of that financial instrument ('lifetime expected credit losses') for trade receivables, or if the credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial recognition.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Loss allowances for expected credit losses (Continued)

If,  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  the  credit  risk  on  a  financial  instrument  (other  than  trade receivables)  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition,  the  Group  measures  the  loss allowance for that financial instrument at an amount equal to the portion of lifetime expected credit losses  that  represents  the  expected  credit  losses  that  result  from  default  events  on  that  financial instrument that are possible within 12 months after the reporting period.

The amount of expected credit losses or reversal to adjust the loss allowance at the end of the reporting period to the required amount is recognised in profit or loss as an impairment gain or loss.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents represent cash at bank and on  hand,  demand  deposits  with  banks  and  other  financial  institutions,  and  short-term  highly  liquid investments which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and subject to an insignificant risk of change in value. Bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management are also included as a component of cash and cash equivalents.

## Financial liabilities and equity instruments

Financial  liabilities  and  equity  instruments  are  classified  according  to  the  substance  of  the  contractual arrangements  entered  into  and  the  definitions  of  a  financial  liability  and  an  equity  instrument  under HKFRSs.  An  equity  instrument  is  any  contract  that  evidences  a  residual  interest  in  the  assets  of  the Group after deducting all of its liabilities. The accounting policies adopted for specific financial liabilities and equity instruments are set out below.

## Borrowings

Borrowings  are  initially  recognised  at  fair  value,  net  of  transaction  costs  incurred,  and  subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

Borrowings  are  classified  as  current  liabilities  unless  the  Group  has  an  unconditional  right  to  defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

## Trade and other payables

Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Equity instruments

Equity  instruments  issued  by  the  Company  are  recorded  at  the  proceeds  received,  net  of  direct  issue costs.

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue is measured based on the consideration specified in a contract with a customer with reference to  the  customary  business  practices  and  excludes  amounts  collected  on  behalf  of  third  parties.  For  a contract  where  the  period  between  the  payment  by  the  customer  and  the  transfer  of  the  promised product  or  service  exceeds  one  year,  the  consideration  is  adjusted  for  the  effect  of  a  significant financing component.

The Group recognises revenue when it satisfies a performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer. Depending on the terms of a contract and the laws that apply to that contract, a performance obligation can be satisfied over time or at a point in time. A performance obligation is satisfied over time if:

- -the  customer  simultaneously  receives  and  consumes  the  benefits  provided  by  the  Group's performance;
- -the Group's performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the asset is created or enhanced; or
- -the Group's performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

If  a  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  over  time,  revenue  is  recognised  by  reference  to  the  progress towards  complete  satisfaction  of  that  performance  obligation.  Otherwise,  revenue  is  recognised  at  a point in time when the customer obtains control of the product or service.

## Other revenue

Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Discontinued operation

A discontinued operation is a component of the Group, the operation and cash flows of which can be clearly distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate major line of business or  geographical  area  of  operations,  or  is  part  of  a  single  co-ordinated  plan  to  dispose  of  a  separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, or is a subsidiary acquired exclusively with a view to resale.

Classification as a discontinued operation occurs upon disposal or when the operation meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5, if earlier. It also occurs when the operation is abandoned.

When an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented in the statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, which comprises:

The post-tax profit or loss of the discontinued operation; and

The  post-tax  gain  or  loss  recognised  on  the  measurement  to  fair  value  less  costs  to  sell,  or  on  the disposal, of the assets or disposal group constituting the discontinued operation.

## Employee benefits

## (a) Employee leave entitlements

Employee entitlements to annual leave and long service leave are recognised when they accrue to  employees.  A  provision  is  made  for  the  estimated  liability  for  annual  leave  and  long  service leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the reporting period.

Employee  entitlements  to  sick  leave  and  maternity  leave  are  not  recognised  until  the  time  of leave.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Discontinued operation (Continued)

## (b) Pension obligations

The  Group  operates  a  defined  contribution  Mandatory  Provident  Fund  retirement  benefits scheme  ('MPF  Scheme')  in  Hong  Kong  under  the  Hong  Kong  Mandatory  Provident  Fund Schemes  Ordinance,  for  those  employees  who  are  eligible  to  participate  in  the  MPF  Scheme. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets  of  the  MPF  Scheme  are  held  separately  from  those  of  the  Group  in  an  independently administered  fund.  The  Group's  employer  contributions  vest  fully  with  the  employees  when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

The  Group  also  participates  in  a  defined  contribution  retirement  scheme  organised  by  the government in PRC. The Group is required to contribute a specific percentage of the payroll of its  employees to the retirement scheme. The contributions are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the retirement scheme.

No  forfeited  contributions  may  be  used  by  the  employer  to  reduce  the  existing  level  of contributions.

## (c) Termination benefits

Termination  benefits  are  recognised  at  the  earlier  of  the  dates  when  the  Group  can  no  longer withdraw  the  offer  of  those  benefits  and  when  the  Group  recognises  restructuring  costs  and involves the payment of termination benefits.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Share-based payments

The Group issues equity-settled share-based payments to certain directors, employees and consultants.

Equity-settled  share-based  payments  to  directors  and  employees  are  measured  at  the  fair  value (excluding  the  effect  of  non  market-based  vesting  conditions)  of  the  equity  instruments  at  the  date of  grant.  The  fair  value  determined  at  the  grant  date  of  the  equity-settled  share-based  payments  is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based on the Group's estimate of shares that will eventually vest and adjusted for the effect of non market-based vesting conditions.

Equity-settled  share-based  payments  to  consultants  are  measured  at  the  fair  value  of  the  services rendered or if the fair value of the services rendered cannot be reliably measured, at the fair value of the equity instruments granted. The fair value is measured at the date the Group receives the services and is recognised as an expense.

The  Group  also  provides  employees  with  the  ability  to  purchase  the  Company's  ordinary  shares  at  a discount  to  the  current  market  value.  The  Group  records  an  expense,  based  on  the  fair  value  of  the discount related to shares expected to vest (taking in account the post vesting transfer restrictions), on a straight-line basis over the vesting period.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalised as part of the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

To  the  extent  that  funds  are  borrowed  generally  and  used  for  the  purpose  of  obtaining  a  qualifying asset,  the  amount  of  borrowing  costs  eligible  for  capitalisation  is  determined  by  applying  a capitalisation rate to the expenditures on that asset. The capitalisation rate is the weighted average of the borrowing costs applicable to the borrowings of the Group that are outstanding during the period, other than borrowings made specifically for the purpose of obtaining a qualifying asset.

All other borrowing costs are recognised in the profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

## Government grants

A government grant is recognised when there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to it and that the grant will be received.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Taxation

Income tax represents the sum of the current tax and deferred tax.

The  tax  currently  payable  is  based  on  taxable  profit  for  the  year.  Taxable  profit  differs  from  profit recognised  in  profit  or  loss  because  it  excludes  items  of  income  or  expense  that  are  taxable  or deductible in other years and it further excludes items that are never taxable or deductible. The Group's liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred tax is recognised on differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences and deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax losses or unused tax credits can be utilised. Such assets  and  liabilities  are  not  recognised  if  the  temporary  difference  arises  from  goodwill  or  from  the initial recognition (other than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit.

Deferred  tax  liabilities  are  recognised  for  taxable  temporary  differences  arising  on  investments  in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset to be recovered.

Deferred tax is calculated at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period when the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. Deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except when it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case the deferred tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

The measurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax  assets  against  current  tax  liabilities  and  when  they  relate  to  income  taxes  levied  by  the  same taxation authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Segment reporting

Operating  segments  and  the  amounts  of  each  segment  item  reported  in  the  financial  statements are  identified  from  the  financial  information  provided  regularly  to  the  Group's  most  senior  executive management  for  the  purpose  of  allocating  resources  and  assessing  the  performance  of  the  Group's various lines of business.

Individually  material  operating  segments  are  not  aggregated  for  financial  reporting  purposes  unless the segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products and services, the nature of productions processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating segments  which  are  not  individually  material  may  be  aggregated  if  they  share  a  majority  of  these criteria.

## Related parties

A related party is a person or entity that is related to the Group.

- (a) A person or a close member of that person's family is related to the Group if that person:
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is  a  member  of  the  key  management  personnel  of  the  Company  or  of  a  parent  of  the Company.
- (b) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) The  entity  and  the  Company  are  members  of  the  same  group  (which  means  that  each parent, subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).
- (ii) One  entity  is  an  associate  or  joint  venture  of  the  other  entity  (or  an  associate  or  joint venture of a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).
- (iii) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.
- (iv) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.
- (v) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group. If the Group is itself such a plan, the sponsoring employers are also related to the Group.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Related parties (Continued)

- (b) (Continued)
- (vi) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).
- (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).
- (viii) The  entity,  or  any  member  of  a  group  of  which  it  is  a  part,  provides  key  management personnel services to the Company or to a parent of the Company.

## Impairment of assets

At  the  end  of  each  reporting  period,  the  Group  reviews  the  carrying  amounts  of  its  tangible  and intangible assets except investments and receivables to determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of any impairment loss. Where it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount of an individual asset, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash generating unit to which the asset belongs.

Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in  use,  the  estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset.

If  the  recoverable amount of an asset or cash-generating unit is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is reduced to its recoverable amount. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation decrease.

Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset or cash-generating unit is  increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of amortisation or depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset or cash-generating unit in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss, unless the relevant asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is treated as a revaluation increase.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 4. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Provisions and contingent liabilities

Provisions  are  recognised  for  liabilities  of  uncertain  timing  or  amount  when  the  Group  has  a  present legal  or  constructive  obligation  arising  as  a  result  of  a  past  event,  it  is  probable  that  an  outflow  of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation and a reliable estimate can be made. Where the  time  value  of  money  is  material,  provisions  are  stated  at  the  present  value  of  the  expenditures expected to settle the obligation.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be  estimated  reliably,  the  obligation  is  disclosed  as  a  contingent  liability,  unless  the  probability  of outflow  is  remote.  Possible  obligations,  whose  existence  will  only  be  confirmed  by  the  occurrence or  non-occurrence  of  one  or  more  future  events  are  also  disclosed  as  contingent  liabilities  unless  the probability of outflow is remote.

## Events after the reporting period

Events after the reporting period that provide additional information about the Group's position at the end of the reporting period or those that indicate the going concern assumption is not appropriate are adjusting events and are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. Events after the reporting period that are not adjusting events are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements when material.

## 5. CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES

## Critical judgements in applying accounting policies

In  the  process  of  applying  the  accounting policies, the directors have made the following judgements that  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognised  in  the  consolidated  financial statements apart from those involving estimations, which are dealt with below.

## Going concern basis

These  consolidated  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  on  a  going  concern  basis,  the  validity of  which  depends  upon  the  financial  support  of  the  shareholders  at  a  level  sufficient  to  finance  the working capital requirements of the Group. Details are explained in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty

The key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of  the  reporting  period,  that  have  a  significant  risk  of  causing  a  material  adjustment  to  the  carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are discussed below.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 5. CRITICAL JUDGEMENTS AND KEY ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Key sources of estimation uncertainty (Continued)

## (a) Impairment of property, plant and equipment

Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  reviewed  for  impairment  whenever  events  or  changes  in circumstances  indicate  that  the  carrying  amount  of  the  assets  exceeds  its  recoverable  amount. The  recoverable  amount  is  determined  with  reference  to  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal. Where  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  are  less  than  expected  or  there  are  unfavourable events  and  change  in  facts  and  circumstance  which  result  in  revision  of  fair  value  less  costs of  disposal,  a  material  impairment  loss  may  arise.  The  directors  performed  impairment assessment of the Group's property, plant and equipment and impairment loss of approximately HK$24,392,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$51,339,000)  was  recognised  in  profit  or  loss  during the year.

## (b) Impairment of mining right

Mining right is reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is  determined  with  reference  to  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal.  Where  the  fair  value  less costs of disposal are less than expected or there are unfavourable events and change in facts and circumstance which result in revision of fair value less costs of disposal, a material impairment loss may arise. The directors performed impairment assessment of the Group's mining right and impairment  loss  of  approximately  HK$5,693,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$22,215,000)  was recognised in profit or loss during the year.

## (c) Mine reserves

Mining  right  and  mining  development  assets  are  amortised  over  the  estimated  useful  lives  of the  mines  in  accordance  with  the  production  plans  of  the  entities  concerned  and  the  mineral resources and reserves of the mines using the units of production method.

The process of estimating the quantities of the Group's gold reserve and resources is inherently imprecise  and  represent  only  approximate  amounts  because  of  the  subjective  judgements involved in developing such information based on available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. These estimates may change substantially as additional data from ongoing development  activities  and  production  performance  becomes  available  and  as  economic conditions  impacting  mineral  prices  and  costs  change.  Changes  in  reported  reserves  and resources estimated can impact the carrying value of intangible asset.

## (d) Fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market

The Group appointed an independent professional valuer to assess the fair values of the equity investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income.  In  determining  the  fair  values, the  valuer  has  utilised  a  method  of  valuation  which  involves  certain  estimates.  The  directors have exercised their judgement and are satisfied that the method of valuation is reflective of the current market conditions.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

The  Group's  activities  expose  it  to  a  variety  of  financial  risks:  foreign  currency  risk,  credit  risk, liquidity  risk  and  interest  rate  risk.  The  Group's  overall  risk  management  programme  focuses  on  the unpredictability  of  financial  markets  and  seeks  to  minimise  potential  adverse  effects  on  the  Group's financial performance.

## (a) Foreign currency risk

The  Group  has  minimal  exposure  to  foreign  currency  risk  as  most  of  its  business  transactions, assets  and  liabilities  are  principally  denominated  in  the  functional  currencies  of  the  Group entities.  The  Group  currently  does  not  have  a  foreign  currency  hedging  policy  in  respect  of foreign currency transactions, assets and liabilities. The Group will monitor its foreign currency exposure closely and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.

## (b) Credit risk

The  carrying  amount  of  the  bank  and  cash  balances,  trade  and  other  receivables  and  loan receivables  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  represents  the  Group's maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to the Group's financial assets.

The Group has no significant concentrations of credit risk.

It has policies in place to ensure that sales and loans are made to customers with an appropriate credit history.

The credit risk on bank and cash balances is limited because the counterparties are banks with high credit-ratings assigned by international credit-rating agencies.

The  Group  considers  whether  there  has  been  a  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  of  financial assets on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period by comparing the risk of a default occurring as at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It  considers  available  reasonable  and  supportive  forwarding-looking  information.  Especially  the following information is used:

- -internal credit rating;
- -actual  or  expected  significant  adverse  changes  in  business,  financial  or  economic conditions  that  are  expected  to  cause  a  significant  change  to  the  borrower's  ability  to meet its obligations;
- -actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the borrower; and
- -significant changes in the expected performance and behaviour of the borrower, including changes in the payment status of borrowers.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (b) Credit risk (Continued)

A  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  is  presumed  if  a  debtor  is  more  than  30  days  past  due  in making a contractual payment. A default on a financial asset is when the counterparty fails to make contractual payments within 60 days of when they fall due.

Financial  assets  are  written  off  when  there  is  no  reasonable  expectation  of  recovery,  such  as  a debtor failing to engage in a repayment plan with the Group. The Group normally categorises a loan or receivable for write off when a debtor fails to make contractual payments greater than 365 days past due. Where loans or receivables have been written off, the Group, if practicable and  economical,  continues  to  engage  in  enforcement  activity  to  attempt  to  recover  the receivable due.

The Group uses two categories for non-trade loan receivables which reflect their credit risk and how the loan loss provision is determined for each of the categories. In calculating the expected credit  loss  rates,  the  Group  considers  historical  loss  rates  for  each  category  and  adjusts  for forward looking data.

| Category  Definition  Loss provision  Performing  Low risk of default and strong capacity to pay  12 month expected  losses  Non-performing  Significant increase in credit risk  Lifetime expected  losses   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (c) Liquidity risk

The Group's policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity requirements to ensure that  it  maintains  sufficient  reserves  of  cash  to  meet  its  liquidity  requirements  in  the  short  and longer term.

The maturity analysis, based on undiscounted cash flows, of the Group's financial liabilities is as follows:

| Less than 1  year  Between 1  and 2 years  Between 2  and 5 years  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December 2022  Trade and other payables  94,065  -  -  Borrowings  313,319  9,709  7,016  At 31 December 2021  Trade and other payables  50,337  -  -  Borrowings  258,228  48,942  34,170   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Interest rate risk

The Group's loan receivables and borrowings bear interests at fixed interest rates and therefore are subject to fair value interest rate risks.

Except as stated above, the Group has no other significant interest-bearing assets and liabilities, the  Group's  operating  cash  flows  are  substantially  independent  of  changes  in  market  interest rates.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 6. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

## (e) Categories of financial instruments

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Financial assets:  Equity investments at fair value through  other comprehensive income  51,507  64,382  Financial assets at amortised cost  (including cash and cash equivalents)  65,939  21,733  117,446  86,115  Financial liabilities:  Financial liabilities at amortised cost  409,828  312,263   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (f) Fair values

Except as disclosed in note 7 to the financial statements, The carrying amounts of the Group's financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  as  reflected  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial position approximate their respective fair values.

## 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction  between  market  participants  at  the  measurement  date.  The  following  disclosures  of  fair value measurements use a fair value hierarchy that categorises into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value:

| - Level 1 inputs: quoted  prices  (unadjusted)  in  active  markets  for  identical  assets  or  liabilities  that the Group can access at the measurement date.  - Level 2 inputs: inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.  - Level 3 inputs: unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of any of the three levels as of the date of the event or change in circumstances that caused the transfer.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)

## (a) Disclosures of level in fair value hierarchy at 31 December:

| Fair value measurements using:  2022  Description  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value  measurements:  Equity investments at fair value  through other comprehensive  income  Private equity investments  -  -  51,507  51,507  Fair value measurements using:  2021  Description  Level 1  Level 2  Level 3  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Recurring fair value measurements:  Equity investments at fair value  through other comprehensive  income  Private equity investments  -  2,278  62,104  64,382   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Reconciliation of assets measured at fair value based on level 3:

| Equity  investments  at fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  HK$'000  At 1 January 2022  62,104  Total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income  (12,691)  Transfer from Level 2  2,278  Exchange differences  (184)  At 31 December 2022  51,507   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)

## (b)

## Reconciliation  of  assets  measured  at  fair  value  based  on  level  3: (Continued)

| Equity  investments  at fair value  through other  comprehensive  income  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  57,853  Total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income  4,251  At 31 December 2021  62,104   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The total gains or losses recognised in other comprehensive income are presented in fair value change of equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, net of tax in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## (c) Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques  and  inputs  used  in  fair  value  measurements  at  31 December 2022:

The  Group's  financial  officer  is  responsible  for  the  fair  value  measurements  of  assets  and liabilities  required  for  financial  reporting  purposes,  including  level  3  fair  value  measurements. The financial officer reports directly to the Board of Directors for these fair value measurements. Discussions of valuation processes and results are held between the chief financial officer and the Board of Directors at least twice a year.

For level 3 fair value measurements, the Group will normally engage external valuation experts with the recognised professional qualifications and recent experience to perform the valuations.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)

## (c) Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques  and  inputs  used  in  fair  value  measurements  at  31 December 2022: (Continued)

## Level 2 fair value measurements

| Description  Valuation technique  Inputs  Fair value  2021  HK$'000  Equity investments at fair value through  other comprehensive income  Private equity investments  cost approach  investment cost  2,278  ## Level 3 fair value measurements  Description  Valuation  technique  Unobservable  inputs  Range  Effect on fair  value for  increase of  inputs  Fair value  2022  HK$'000  Equity investments at  fair value through other  comprehensive income  Private equity investments  Market  comparable  approach  Lack of  marketability  discount  15.70%  Decrease  51,507  Description  Valuation  technique  Unobservable  inputs  Range  Effect on  fair value for  increase of  inputs  Fair value  2021  HK$'000  Equity investments at  fair value through other  comprehensive income  Private equity investments  Market  comparable  approach  Lack of  marketability  discount  15.80%  Decrease  62,104   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 7. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (Continued)

## (c) Disclosure of valuation process used by the Group and valuation techniques  and  inputs  used  in  fair  value  measurements  at  31 December 2022: (Continued)

During  the  year,  private  equity  investments  amounting  to  HK$2,278,000  were  transferred from  measurement  based  on  level  2  to  level  3.  The  valuation  technique  was  changed  from 'Investment cost' to 'Market comparable' as the transaction price was arrived at for more than a year ago and no longer constituted an appropriate reference for the most recent valuation and discount cash flow is a more appropriate approach to value fair value of a company that is under development stage with great potential for growth in the future.

## 8. SEGMENT INFORMATION

The Group has three reportable segments as follows:

Mining products segment - engaged in gold mining, exploration and trading of gold products;

Trading and wholesale segment - engaged in trading of non-ferrous metal and wholesale and trading of frozen meat; and

Money lending segment (discontinued operation) - provision of money lending services.

The Group's reportable segments are strategic business units that offer different products and services. They  are  managed  separately  because  each  business  requires  different  technology  and  marketing strategies.

The  accounting  policies  of  the  operating  segments  are  the  same  as  those  described  in  note  4  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 8. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

Information about reportable segment profits or losses, assets and liabilities:

| Continuing operations  Discontinued  operation  Mining  products  Trading  and  wholesale  Money  lending  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 December 2022  Revenue from external customers  119,474  87,961  -  207,435  Segment (loss)/profit  (47,607)  (2,464)  259  (49,812)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  18,956  -  -  18,596  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  -  -  109  109  Amortisation of mining right  2,018  -  -  2,018  Interest revenue  13  -  -  13  Interest expense  47,229  802  -  48,031  Income tax expense  1,609  -  -  1,609  Additions to segment non-current assets  55,503  -  210  55,713  Impairment loss  31,171  -  -  31,171  As at 31 December 2022  Segment assets  184,419  107,469  -  291,888  Segment liabilities  285,689  57,294  -  342,983  For the year ended 31 December 2021  Revenue from external customers  85,882  30,928  2,256  119,066  Segment (loss)/profit  (93,082)  (3,584)  3,755  (92,911)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  14,690  -  -  14,690  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  -  -  114  114  Amortisation of mining right  1,536  -  -  1,536  Interest revenue  13  -  -  13  Interest expense  48,082  -  1,894  49,976  Income tax credit  4,835  -  -  4,835  Additions to segment non-current assets  84,378  16  94  84,488  Impairment loss  79,454  1,441  -  80,895  As at 31 December 2021  Segment assets  212,278  76,035  670  288,983  Segment liabilities  259,137  10,535  223  269,895   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 8. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

Reconciliations of reportable segment revenue, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  Total revenue of reportable segments and consolidated revenue  207,435  119,066  Elimination of discontinued operation  -  (2,256)  Consolidated revenue from continuing operations  207,435  116,810  Profit or loss  Total loss of reportable segments  (49,812)  (92,911)  Other loss  (12,080)  (8,074)  Elimination of discontinued operation  (259)  (3,755)  Consolidated loss for the year from continuing operations  (62,151)  (104,740)  Assets  Total assets of reportable segments  291,888  288,983  Other assets  6,802  1,601  Consolidated total assets  298,690  290,584  Liabilities  Total liabilities of reportable segments  342,983  269,895  Other liabilities  80,846  60,532  Consolidated total liabilities  423,829  330,427   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Apart  from  the  above,  the  total  of  other  material  items  disclosed  in  the  segment  information  is  the same as the consolidated totals.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 8. SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Geographical information:

## (a) Revenue from external customers

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Continuing operations  PRC  207,435  116,810  Discontinued operation  Hong Kong  -  2,256  207,435  119,066   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In presenting the geographical information, revenue is based on the locations of the customers.

## (b) Non-current assets

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Hong Kong  449  1,344  PRC  169,782  197,484  170,231  198,828   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Revenue from major customers

Revenue from major customers individually accounting for 10% or more of total revenue are as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Customer A (sales of non-ferrous metal)  86,413  -  Customer B (sales of gold products)  67,021  41,611  Customer C (sales of gold products)  - *  22,791   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*Note:  Customer C in 2022 does not meet the threshold of revenue over 10%.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 9. REVENUE

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Mining products  119,474  85,882  Trading of non-ferrous metal and wholesale and  trading of frozen meat  87,961  30,928  Revenue from contracts with customers  207,435  116,810  Interest income of money lending  -  2,256  Total revenue  207,435  119,066  Representing:  Continuing operations  207,435  116,810  Discontinued operation (note 14)  -  2,256  207,435  119,066   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9. REVENUE (Continued)

Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers:

| Mining  products  Trading  and  wholesale  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  For the year ended 31 December 2022  Geographical markets  PRC  119,474  87,961  207,435  Major products  Gold products  119,474  -  119,474  Frozen meat  -  1,548  1,548  Non-ferrous metal  -  86,413  86,413  Total  119,474  87,961  207,435  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point in time  119,474  87,961  207,435  For the year ended 31 December 2021  Geographical markets  PRC  85,882  30,928  116,810  Major products  Gold products  85,882  -  85,882  Frozen meat  -  30,928  30,928  Total  85,882  30,928  116,810  Timing of revenue recognition  At a point in time  85,882  30,928  116,810   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 9. REVENUE (Continued)

## Sales of gold products

The  Group  engaged  in  gold  mining,  exploration  and  sells  gold  products  to  customers.  Sales  are recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to a customer, there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer's acceptance of the products and the customer has obtained legal titles to the products.

Sales to customers are normally made with credit terms of 30 to 180 days. For new customers, deposits or cash on delivery may be required. Deposits received are recognised as a contract liability.

A receivable is recognised when the products are delivered to the customers as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

## Trading  of  non-ferrous  metal  and  wholesale  and  trading  of  frozen meat

The Group engaged in trading of non-ferrous metal and frozen meat. Sales are recognised when control of  the  products  has  transferred,  being  when  the  products  are  delivered  to  a  customer,  there  is  no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer's acceptance of the products and the customer has obtained legal titles to the products.

Sales to customers are normally made with credit terms of 30 to 90 days. For new customers, deposits or cash on delivery may be required. Deposits received are recognised as a contract liability.

A receivable is recognised when the products are delivered to the customers as this is the point in time that the consideration is unconditional because only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 10.  OTHER INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest revenue  20  21  Government grants  169  -  Waiver from other borrowings (Note)  -  18,042  Reversal of impairment loss on loan receivables  -  3,538  Gain on lease termination  -  421  Others  107  -  296  22,022  Representing:  Continuing operations  296  18,484  Discontinued operation (note 14)  -  3,538  296  22,022   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Note:

On  27  March  2020,  the  Company  entered  into  a  settlement  agreement  with  the  lender  and  agreed  to  repaid HK$96,320,000  for  the  settlement  of  the  amount  of  approximately  HK$114,362,000  (comprising  outstanding principal of HK$100,000,000 and accrued and unpaid interest of approximately HK$14,362,000) due to the lender.

## 11.  OTHER EXPENSES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Impairment loss on property, plant and equipment  24,392  51,339  Impairment loss on prepayments for property,  plant and equipment and construction  1,086  797  Impairment loss on trade receivables  -  6,544  Impairment loss on mining right  5,693  22,215  31,171  80,895  Representing:  Continuing operations  31,171  80,895  Discontinued operation (note 14)  -  -  31,171  80,895   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 12.  FINANCE COSTS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Leases interests  50  66  Loan interests  55,277  64,394  Total borrowing costs  55,327  64,460  Amount capitalised  (4,101)  (9,187)  51,226  55,273  Representing:  Continuing operations  51,221  53,374  Discontinued operation (note 14)  5  1,899  51,226  55,273   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Borrowing costs on fund borrowed generally are capitalised at a rate of 8% per annum (2021: 16%).

## 13.  INCOME TAX (EXPENSE)/CREDIT

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Deferred tax (note 30)  (1,609)  4,835  Representing:  Continuing operations  (1,609)  4,835  Discontinued operation (note 14)  -  -  (1,609)  4,835   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax is required since the Group has no assessable profit for the year ended 31 December 2022. No provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax has been made in the consolidated financial statements since the Group has sufficient tax losses brought forward to set off against current year's assessable profit for the year ended 31 December 2021.

No provision for PRC enterprise income tax is required since the Group has no assessable profit for the year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 13.  INCOME TAX (EXPENSE)/CREDIT (Continued)

The applicable income tax rate for the subsidiaries of the Group in the PRC in the current year is 5%25% (2021: 5%-25%).

The reconciliation between income tax expense/(credit) and the product of loss before tax multiplied by the applicable tax rate is as follows:

| Continuing operations  Discontinued operation  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loss before tax  (60,542)  (109,575)  259  3,755  (60,283)  (105,820)  Tax at the domestic income tax rate  (14,014)  (28,114)  43  619  (13,971)  (27,495)  Tax effect of income that is not taxable  (6,965)  (2,393)  (57)  (583)  (7,022)  (2,976)  Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible  7,961  1,246  -  -  7,961  1,246  Tax effect of tax losses not recognised  14,627  24,426  14  -  14,641  24,426  Tax effect of utilisation of tax losses not  previously recognised  -  -  -  (36)  -  (36)  Income tax expense/(credit)  1,609  (4,835)  -  -  1,609  (4,835)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 14.  DISCONTINUED OPERATION

Pursuant  to  an  agreement  dated  7  September  2022  entered  into  between  the  Company  and  an independent third party, the Company disposed of 100% interest in a wholly-owned subsidiaries, GCC Finance Company Limited.

The profit for the year from the discontinued operation is analysed as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Loss)/profit from discontinued operation  (89)  3,755  Gain on disposal of discontinued operation  348  -  259  3,755   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 14.  DISCONTINUED OPERATION (Continued)

The  results  of  the  discontinued  operation  for  the  period  from  1  January  2022  to  7  September  2022, which have been included in consolidated profit or loss, are as follows:

| Period from  1 January 2022  to 7 September  2022  Year ended  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue  -  2,256  Other income  -  3,538  Administrative expenses  (84)  (140)  (Loss)/profit from operations  (84)  5,654  Finance costs  (5)  (1,899)  (Loss)/profit before tax  (89)  3,755  Income tax expense  -  -  (Loss)/profit for the period/year  (89)  3,755   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year,  the  disposed  subsidiary  paid  approximately  HK$81,000  (2021:  approximately HK$96,353,000)  in  respect  of  operating  activities  and  received  approximately  HK$82,000  (2021: received approximately HK$93,723,000) in respect of financing activities.

No tax charge or credit arose on loss on disposal of the discontinued operation.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 15.  LOSS FOR THE YEAR

The Group's loss for the year is stated after charging the followings:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Auditor's remuneration  1,100  1,100  Amortisation of mining right  2,018  1,536  Cost of sales*  137,343  66,534  Depreciation of right-of-use assets  937  915  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  18,596  14,706  Staff costs including directors' emoluments  Salaries, bonus and allowances  25,254  28,296  Equity-settled share-based payments  -  8,529  Retirement benefits scheme contributions  4,106  4,787   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Cost  of  sales  includes  staff  costs  and  depreciation  of  approximately  HK$9,163,000  (2021:  approximately HK$23,861,000) which are included in the amounts disclosed separately above.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 16.  DIRECTORS' AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUAL REMUNERATION

The emoluments of each director were as follows:

| For the year ended 31 December 2022  Fees  Salaries,  allowances  Retirement  benefit  scheme  contributions  Share-based  payment  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Executive directors:  Mr. Xie Qiangming  -  114  6  -  120  Mr. Zhu Shengsheng  (i)  -  372  18  -  390  Mr. Qiu Zhenyi  (ii)  -  390  -  -  390  Mr. Pan Feng  (ii)  -  390  -  -  390  Non-Executive directors:  Ms. Ng Ching  (iii)  -  120  -  -  120  Dr. Wang Wei Hsin  (iv)  -  130  -  -  130  Mr. Xu Huiqiang  (v)  -  -  -  -  -  Independent non-executive directors:  Mr. Cai Jianhua  (vi)  23  -  -  -  23  Mr. Ho Wing Chung  (vii)  50  -  -  -  50  Mr. Yan Xiaotian  (vi)  11  -  -  -  11  Mr. Au-Yong Shong Samuel  (viii)  60  -  -  -  60  Mr. Tse Sze Pan  (ix)  109  -  -  -  109  Mr. Chen Jian  (x)  70  -  -  -  70  Dr. Liu Ka Ying Rebecca  (xi)  49  -  -  -  49  372  1,516  24  -  1,912   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

For the year ended 31 December 2021

Retirement benefit

scheme contributions

HK$'000

8

6

-

8

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

22

Executive directors:

Mr. Qiao Bingya

Mr. Xie Qiangming

Mr. Zhang Yiwen

Mr. Zhu Shengsheng

Mr. Qiu Zhenyi

Mr. Pan Feng

Non-Executive directors:

Mr. Sun Aimin

Ms. Ng Ching

Independent non-executive directors:

Mr. Cai Jianhua

Mr. Ho Wing Chung

Mr. Yan Xiaotian

(xii)

(xiii)

(i)

(ii)

(ii)

(x)

(iii)

(vi)

(vii)

(vi)

Fees

HK$'000

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

240

120

120

480

Salaries, allowances

HK$'000

152

114

153

200

119

119

105

15

-

-

-

977

Share-based payment

HK$'000

-

-

-

1,418

1,418

1,418

-

-

-

-

-

4,254

Total

HK$'000

160

120

153

1,626

1,537

1,537

105

15

240

120

120

5,733

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 16.  DIRECTORS' AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUAL REMUNERATION

(Continued)

Notes:

- (i) Appointed on 3 June 2021
- (ii) Appointed on 2 September 2021
- (iii) Appointed on 15 November 2021
- (iv) Appointed on 20 July 2022 and resigned on 28 November 2022
- (v) Appointed on 28 November 2022
- (vi) Resigned on 4 February 2022
- (vii) Resigned on 1 June 2022
- (viii) Appointed on 4 February 2022 and resigned on 3 August 2022
- (ix) Appointed on 4 February 2022
- (x) Appointed on 1 June 2022
- (xi) Appointed on 3 August 2022
- (xii) Resigned on 2 September 2021
- (xiii) Resigned on 3 June 2021

There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any emoluments during the year (2021: Nil).

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 16.  DIRECTORS' AND FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUAL REMUNERATION (Continued)

The  five  highest  paid  individuals  in  the  Group  during  the  year  included  three  (2021:  three)  directors whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented above. The emoluments of the remaining two (2021: two) individuals are set out below:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Basic salaries and allowances  1,170  285  Retirement benefit scheme contributions  33  11  Share-based payment  -  2,798  1,203  3,094   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The emoluments fell within the following band:

| Number of individuals  2022  2021  Nil to HK$1,000,000  2  -  HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000  -  -  HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000  -  2   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During  the  year,  no  emoluments  were  paid  by  the  Group  to  any  of  the  directors  or  the  highest  paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

## 17.  DIVIDENDS

The directors of the Company did not recommend the payment of any dividend for the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 18.  LOSS PER SHARE

## (a) From continuing and discontinued operations

## Basic loss per share

The calculation of basic loss per share attributable to owners of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 is based on the loss for the year attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$38,572,000 (2021: loss of approximately HK$55,378,000) and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 1,515,256,000 (2021: 1,377,568,000) in issue during the year.

## Diluted loss per share

The  effects  of  all  potential  ordinary  shares  are  anti-dilutive  for  the  years  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021.

## (b) From continuing operations

## Basic loss per share

The calculation of basic loss per share from continuing operations attributable to owners of the Company is based on the loss for the year from continuing operations attributable to owners of the  Company  of  approximately  HK$38,831,000  (2021:  loss  of  approximately  HK$59,133,000) and  the  denominator  used  is  the  same  as  that  detailed  above  for  basic  loss  per  share 1,515,256,000 (2021: 1,377,568,000) in issue during the year.

## Diluted loss per share

The  effects  of  all  potential  ordinary  shares  are  anti-dilutive  for  the  years  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021.

## (c) From discontinued operation

## Basic earnings per share

The  calculation  of  basic  loss  per  share  from  discontinued  operation  attributable  to  owners of  the  Company  is  based  on  the  profit  for  the  year  from  discontinued  operation  attributable to  owners  of  the  Company  of  approximately  HK$259,000  (2021:  profit  of  approximately HK$3,755,000) and the denominator used is the same as that detailed above for basic loss per share 1,515,256,000 (2021: 1,377,568,000) in issue during the year.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18.  LOSS PER SHARE (Continued)

## (c) From discontinued operation (Continued)

## Diluted earnings per share

The  effects  of  all  potential  ordinary  shares  are  anti-dilutive  for  the  years  ended  31  December 2022 and 2021.

## 19.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Buildings  Plant and  machinery  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Mining  infrastructure  Construction  in progress  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  42,500  27,634  4,747  2,292  145,127  115,467  337,767  Additions  6,166  1,811  405  -  355  75,751  84,488  Transfer  26,808  -  -  -  57,432  (84,240)  -  Exchange differences  1,511  947  157  76  4,823  5,069  12,583  At 31 December 2021  76,985  30,392  5,309  2,368  207,737  112,047  434,838  Additions  3,567  3,210  93  45  -  48,798  55,713  Exchange differences  (6,380)  (2,595)  (412)  (194)  (16,811)  (11,125)  (37,517)  At 31 December 2022  74,172  31,007  4,990  2,219  190,926  149,720  453,034  Accumulated depreciation and  impairment  At 1 January 2021  22,222  20,308  4,019  1,842  94,694  79,765  222,850  Charge for the year  8,483  3,757  332  137  1,997  -  14,706  Impairment loss for the year  12,950  1,517  -  62  29,844  6,966  51,339  Exchange differences  1,105  783  137  69  3,744  2,170  8,008  At 31 December 2021  44,760  26,365  4,488  2,110  130,279  88,901  296,903  Charge for the year  11,567  4,328  20  140  2,541  -  18,596  Impairment loss for the year  3,369  312  -  6  10,438  10,267  24,392  Exchange differences  (4,294)  (2,386)  (367)  (187)  (10,287)  (7,064)  (24,585)  At 31 December 2022  55,402  28,619  4,141  2,069  132,971  92,104  315,306  Carrying amount  At 31 December 2022  18,770  2,388  849  150  57,955  57,616  137,728  At 31 December 2021  32,225  4,027  821  258  77,458  23,146  137,935   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 19.  PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

The  Group  carried  out  reviews  of  the  recoverable  amount  of  its  property,  plant  and  equipment  in 2022 as a result  of  the  Group  implement  continuous  maintenance  and  enhancement  works  program annually  and  review  the  expansion  of  existing  mining  locations  within  current  mining  right  but  has not  updated  a  technical  report  to  'upgrade'  the  reserves  and/or  resources  of  the  gold  mine.  The reviews of property, plant and equipment led to the recognition of impairment losses of approximately HK$24,392,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$51,339,000),  which  has  been  recognised  in  profit  or  loss. The recoverable amount of the relevant assets of approximately HK$136,879,000 (2021: approximately HK$137,114,000)  has  been  determined  on  the  basis  of  their  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  using discounted cash flow method (level 3 fair value measurements).

The key assumptions used for the calculations of fair value less costs of disposal are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Discount rate (post-tax discount rate applied to  the cash flow projections)  17.53%  14.23%  Years of cash flows projection (expected mining period)  9 years  9 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management  determined  gross  margin  based  on  past  market  prices  of  the  gold  and  management's estimation of exploitation and production costs. The discount rate used is post-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant assets. Expected mining period is determined based on extractable reserve of the mine and the Group's production capacity. The legal life of mining right can be extended upon maturity to enable the Group to conduct mining activities in the expected mining period.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20.  LEASES AND RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

Disclosures of lease-related items:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December:  Right-of-use assets  - Buildings  378  1,254  Lease commitments of short-term leases  -  86  The maturity analysis, based on undiscounted cash flows,  of the Group's lease liabilities is as follows:  - Less than 1 year  464  920  - Between 1 and 2 years  -  464  464  1,384  Year ended 31 December:  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  - Buildings from continuing operations  828  801  - Buildings from discontinuing operation  109  114  937  915  Lease interests  - from continuing operations  45  61  - from discontinuing operation  5  5  50  66  Expenses related to short-term leases  462  372  Total cash outflow for leases  1,446  1,269  Additions to right-of-use assets  210  1,450   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21.  MINING RIGHT

| HK$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  1,493,761  Exchange differences  49,581  At 31 December 2021  1,543,342  Exchange differences  (124,898)  At 31 December 2022  1,418,444  Accumulated amortisation and impairment  At 1 January 2021  1,418,015  Amortisation for the year  1,536  Impairment loss for the year  22,215  Exchange differences  41,937  At 31 December 2021  1,483,703  Amortisation for the year  2,018  Impairment loss for the year  5,693  Exchange differences  (105,095)  At 31 December 2022  1,386,319  Carrying amount  At 31 December 2022  32,125  At 31 December 2021  59,639   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Mining  right  includes  the  cost  of  acquiring  mining  licenses,  costs  transferred  from  exploration  right and  exploration  and  evaluation  assets  upon  determination  that  an  exploration  property  is  capable of  commercial  production  and  land  compensation  costs.  Land  compensation  costs  represent  the compensation paid to inhabitants for relocating  them  from  the  areas  nearby  the  mining  sites  so  that the Group can use the land as leaching piles and dumping areas for waste ores. The mining permit will expire on 31 December 2025. Mining right is amortised over the estimated useful lives of the mines in accordance with the production plans of the entities concerned and the proved and probable reserves of the mines using the units of production method.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 21.  MINING RIGHT (Continued)

The Group carried out reviews of the recoverable amount of its mining right in 2022 as a result of the Group implement continuous maintenance and enhancement works program annually and review the expansion  of  existing  mining  locations  within  current  mining  right  but  has  not  updated  a  technical report  to  'upgrade'  resources  of  the  gold  mine.  The  reviews  of  mining  right  led  to  the  recognition of  impairment  losses  of  approximately  HK$5,693,000  (2021:  approximately  HK$22,215,000),  which has been recognized in profit or loss. The recoverable amount of the relevant assets of approximately HK$32,125,000 (2021: approximately HK$59,639,000) has been determined on the basis of their fair value less costs of disposal using discounted cash flow method (level 3 fair value measurements).

The key assumptions used for the calculations of fair value less costs of disposal are as follows:

| 2022  2021  Discount rate (post-tax discount rate applied  to the cash flow projections)  17.53%  14.23%  Years of cash flows projection (expected mining period)  9 years  9 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Management  determined  gross  margin  based  on  past  market  prices  of  the  gold  and  management's estimation of exploitation and production costs. The discount rate used is post-tax and reflects specific risks relating to the relevant assets. Expected mining period is determined based on extractable reserve of the mine and the Group's production capacity. The legal life of mining right can be extended upon maturity to enable the Group to conduct mining activities in the expected mining period.

## 22.  EQUITY INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Equity securities, at fair value  Unlisted equity securities  51,507  64,382  Analysed as:  Non-current assets  51,507  64,382   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) The  above  investments  are  intended  to  be  held  for  the  medium  to  long-term.  Designation  of  these investments as equity investments at fair value through other comprehensive income can avoid the volatility of the fair value changes of these investments to the profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 22.  EQUITY INVESTMENTS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Continued)

Notes:  (Continued)

- (ii) In 2020, the Group completed an investment in 德興市益豐再生有色金屬有限責任公司 , which is principally engaged  in:  (i)  comprehensive  utilisation  of  waste  resources;  (ii)  procurement,  processing,  production and  sales  of  metal  scrap  and  metal-containing  waste;  (iii)  trading  in  mineral  products;  and  (iv)  sales  of metal  materials.  The  purchase  consideration  was  settled  at  a  total  cash  consideration  of  HK$55,000,000. The  fair  value  of  this  investment  as  at  31  December  2022  was  approximately  HK$46,225,000  (2021: approximately HK$62,104,000), its carrying amount accounts for more than 5% of the Group's total assets as  at  31  December  2022  and  2021.  The  fair  value  loss  of  equity  investments  at  fair  value  through  other comprehensive  loss  for  the  year  ended  31  December  2022  was  approximately  HK$15,789,000  (2021:  fair value gain of approximately HK$4,251,000).

In  2020,  the  Group  completed  another  investment  in  a  company,  which  is  principally  engaged  in  online auction.

## 23.  SUBSIDIARIES

Particulars of the Company's major subsidiaries are set out below:

| Name  Place of  incorporation/  registration  Issued and  paid up  capital  Percentage of  ownership interest/  voting power/  profit sharing  Principal  activities and  place of  operation  Direct  Indirect  Hunan Westralian (Note (i))  PRC  US$29,700,000  -  51%  Gold mining, exploration,  trading of gold products  in the PRC  Huzhou Huamao Trading Co.,  Limited (Note (ii))  PRC  HK$1,000,000  -  100%  Dormant  Changsha Huamao Resources  Trading Co., Limited  PRC  RMB$1,000,000  -  100%  Trading of non-ferrous  metal and wholesale and  trading of frozen meat in  the PRC   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 23.  SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

Notes:

- (i) Hunan Westralian is a foreign owned enterprise established in the PRC.
- (ii) Huzhou Huamao Trading Co., Limited is a Hong Kong owned enterprise established in the PRC.

The  above  list  contains  the  particulars  of  subsidiaries  which  principally  affected  the  results,  assets  or liabilities of the Group.

The  following  table  shows  information  of  subsidiaries  that  have  non-controlling  interests  ('NCI') material to the Group. The summarised financial information represents amounts before inter-company eliminations.

| Name  Hunan Westralian Mining  Co., Limited  2022  2021  Principal place of business/country of incorporation  % of ownership interests and voting rights held by NCI  PRC/PRC  49.0%  PRC/PRC  49.0%  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 31 December:  Non-current assets  158,829  186,527  Current assets  23,702  23,305  Non-current liabilities  (821,206)  (778,088)  Current liabilities  (14,329)  (31,081)  Net liabilities  (653,004)  (599,337)  Accumulated NCI  (319,972)  (293,675)  Year ended 31 December:  Revenue  119,474  85,882  Loss for the year  (47,592)  (93,076)  Total comprehensive loss  (53,667)  (95,555)  Loss allocated to NCI  (23,320)  (45,607)  Net cash generated from operating activities  30,652  92,219  Net cash used in investing activities  (39,468)  (84,378)  Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities  6,722  (10,500)  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes  5,788  4,345  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  3,694  1,686   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  31  December  2022,  the  bank  and  cash  balances  of  the  Group'  subsidiaries  in  the  PRC denominated in Renminbi ('RMB') amounted to HK$52,343,000 (2021: HK$6,716,000). Conversion of RMB into foreign currencies is subject to the PRC's Foreign Exchange Control Regulations.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 24.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

The  Group's  trading  terms  with  other  customers  are  mainly  on  credit.  The  credit  terms  generally range from 30 to 180 days. Each customer has a maximum credit limit. For new customers, payment in  advance  is  normally  required.  The  Group  seeks  to  maintain  strict  control  over  its  outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by the directors.

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade receivables  14,578  17,070  Provision for loss allowance  (6,113)  (6,650)  8,465  10,420  Prepayments  9,751  5,641  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment  1,262  -  Deposits  532  727  Other receivables  4,554  2,901  24,564  19,689   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The aging analysis of trade receivables, based on the invoice date, and net of allowance, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0 - 30 days  -  3,350  31 - 60 days  2,353  983  61 - 90 days  -  -  Over 90 days  6,112  6,087  8,465  10,420   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 24.  TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

Reconciliation of loss allowance for trade receivables:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January  6,650  -  Increase in loss allowance for the year  -  6,544  Exchange differences  (537)  106  At 31 December  6,113  6,650   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group applies the simplified approach under HKFRS 9 to provide for expected credit losses using the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables. To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables  have  been  grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics and the days past due. The expected credit losses also incorporate forward looking information.

| Current  Over  90 days  Past due  Total  At 31 December 2022  Weighted average expected loss rate  0%  50%  Receivable amount (HK'000)  2,353  12,225  14,578  Loss allowance (HK'000)  -  (6,113)  (6,113)  At 31 December 2021  Weighted average expected loss rate  0%  52%  Receivable amount (HK'000)  4,333  12,737  17,070  Loss allowance (HK'000)  -  (6,650)  (6,650)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 25.  LOAN RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Loan receivables  -  8,362  Provision for loss allowance  -  (7,951)  Carrying amount  -  411   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The directors of the Group monitored the collectability of the loan receivables closely with reference to their respective current creditworthiness.

The loan receivable, net of allowance will maturity within one year.

Reconciliation of loss allowance for loan receivables:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January  7,951  11,489  Decrease in loss allowance for the year  -  (3,538)  Disposal of a subsidiary  (7,951)  -  At 31 December  -  7,951   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 26.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Trade payables  9,269  9,424  Bill payables  46,167  -  Accrued liabilities and other payables  38,629  40,913  94,065  50,337   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 26.  TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

The aging analysis of trade payables, based on the date of receipt of goods, is as follows:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  0-30 days  -  8,493  31-60 days  -  -  61-90 days  -  -  over 90 days  9,269  931  9,269  9,424   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 27.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES

Disclosures of revenue-related items:

Contract liabilities

Contract receivables (included in trade receivables)

As at 31 December

2022

2021

HK$'000

4,516

8,465

HK$'000

9,553

10,420

As at 1 January

2021

HK$'000

10,946

7,630

Transaction prices allocated to performance obligations unsatisfied at end of year and expected to be recognised as revenue in:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  - 2022  N/A  9,553  - 2023  4,516  -  4,516  9,553  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Revenue recognised in the year that was included in contract  liabilities at beginning of year  9,553  10,946   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 27.  CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

Significant changes in contract liabilities during the year

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Increase due to operations in the year  4,446  76,556  Transfer of contract liabilities to revenue  9,483  77,949   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A contract liability represents the Group's obligation to transfer products or services to a customer for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

## 28.  BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Short-term borrowings  - secured, 10% - 24% interest per annum and due within  one year (note (i))  32,809  29,817  - unsecured, 24% interest per annum and due within  one year (note (ii))  1,933  1,809  - secured, 36% interest per annum and due within  one year (note (iii))  203,425  156,123  - unsecured, non-interest bearings and no fixed repayment  terms (note (iv))  19,030  20,706  - unsecured, non-interest bearings and no fixed repayment  terms (note (v))  500  2,508  - unsecured, 36% interest per annum and due within one year  28,363  12,845  - unsecured, non-interest bearing and no fixed repayment  terms (note (vi))  15,374  -  301,434  223,808  Long-term borrowings  - secured, 36% interest per annum and due within  three years (note (iii))  3,760  25,396  - unsecured, 36% interest per annum and due within  three years  1,621  12,722  - unsecured, 24% interest per annum and due within  three years (note (ii))  8,948  -  14,329  38,118  315,763  261,926   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 28.  BORROWINGS (Continued)

Note:

- (i) On 1 April 2022, the Company and Westralian Resources, entered into a further supplementary agreement with Mr. Cai agreed to extend the maturity date from 31 March 2022 to 31 March 2023 and reduced the interest rate from 24% to 10%. The borrowing is secured by the 51% shares of Hunan Westralian as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.
- (ii) The borrowings are guaranteed by a general manager ('General Manager') of Hunan Westralian.
- (iii) The borrowing is secured by 35% of mining right owned by Hunan Westralian and guaranteed by 10.4% of shares of Xinhuaxian Choumu Mining Co., Limited owned by a General Manager.
- (iv) The borrowings are provided by Hunan Westralian's director with interest fee, non-guaranteed and no fixed repayment terms.
- (v) The  borrowings  are  provided  by  a  Shareholder  with  interest  fee,  non-guaranteed  and  no  fixed  repayment terms.
- (vi) The borrowings are provided by an independent third party with interest fee, non-guaranteed and no fixed repayment  terms.  The  amount  of  indebtedness  was  fully  settled  on  the  date  of  this  report  by  issued  new shares, details please refer to note 39.

## 29.  LEASE LIABILITIES

| Lease payments  Present value of  lease payments  2022  2021  2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Within one year  464  920  456  875  In the second to fifth years, inclusive  -  464  -  456  464  1,384  456  1,331  Less: Future finance charges  (8)  (53)  Present value of lease liabilities  456  1,331  Less: Amount due for settlement within  12 months (shown under current  liabilities)  (456)  (875)  Amount due for settlement after 12 months  -  456   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December  2022,  the  average  effective  borrowing  rate  was  5%  (2021:  5%).  Interest  rates  are fixed at the contract dates and thus expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 30.  DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

| Revaluation  of investment  Revaluation  of mining  right  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  -  11,802  11,802  Credited to profit or loss for the year  -  (4,835)  (4,835)  Exchange differences  -  313  313  At 31 December 2021  -  7,280  7,280  Charged to profit or loss for the year  -  1,609  1,609  Charged to other comprehensive loss for the year  831  -  831  Exchange differences  (34)  (657)  (691)  At 31 December 2022  797  8,232  9,029   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No deferred tax asset have been recognised in respect of tax loss approximately HK$35,004,000 (2021: approximately HK$33,950,000) due to the unpredictability of future profit streams. These tax losses will expire from year 2023 to 2027.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 31.  SHARE CAPITAL

| Number of  shares  Amount  '000  HK$'000  Authorised:  At 1 January 2021, 31 December 2021 and  2022 (25,000,000,000 ordinary shares of  HK$0.01 each)  25,000,000  250,000  Issued and fully paid:  At 1 January 2021 (1,262,713,382 ordinary shares  of HK$0.01 each)  1,262,713  12,627  Issue of subscription shares  (i)  252,543  2,526  At 31 December 2021 and 2022  (1,515,256,058 ordinary shares of  HK$0.01 each)  1,515,256  15,153   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note:

- (i) On 2 July 2021, the Company entered into one subscription agreement with each of the four subscribers, pursuant to which the subscribers subscribed for a total of 252,542,676 Shares at a price of HK$0.234 per Share.  The  issue  of  subscription  shares  was  completed  on  19  July  2021,  and  the  premium  of  the  issue  of shares, amounting to approximately HK$56,569,000, was credited to the Company's share premium account.

The  Group's  objectives  in  managing  capital  are  to  safeguard  the  Group's  ability  to  continue  as  a going concern in order to provide returns for Shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.

In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to Shareholders, return capital to Shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

The Directors  review  the  capital  structure  periodically.  As  a  part  of  this  review,  the  Directors  consider the cost of capital and the risks associates with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the Directors, the Company will balance its overall capital structure through new share issues, the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 32.  RESERVES

## (a) Group

The amounts of the Group's reserves and movements therein are presented in the consolidated statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  and  consolidated  statement  of changes in equity.

## (b) Company

| Share  premium  Capital  redemption  reserve  Share-based  payment  reserve  Retained  earning  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  20,652  300  -  (153,075)  (132,123)  Issue of subscription shares (note 31 (i))  56,569  -  -  -  56,569  Share-based payments  -  -  8,529  -  8,529  Profit for the year  -  -  -  16,768  16,768  At 31 December 2021  77,221  300  8,529  (136,307)  (50,257)  Loss for the year  -  -  -  (17,502)  (17,502)  At 31 December 2022  77,221  300  8,529  (153,809)  (67,759)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Nature and purpose of reserves

## (i) Share premium

Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium of the Company are distributable to the shareholders of the Company provided that immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## (ii) Capital redemption reserve

Capital redemption reserve arises from the reduction of the nominal value of the issued capital of the Company upon the cancellation of the repurchased shares.

## (iii) Foreign currency translation reserve

Foreign  currency  translation  reserve  comprises  all  foreign  exchange  differences  arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations. The reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policy in note 4.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 33.  DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARY

As referred to in note 14, on 7 September 2022 the Group discontinued its money lending business at the time of the disposal of its subsidiaries, GCC Finance Company Limited.

Net assets at the date of disposal were as follows:

| HK$'000  Right-of-use assets  149  Loan receivables  411  Other receivables  43  Bank and cash balances  4  Other payables  (4)  Lease liabilities  (151)  Net asset disposed of  452  Gain on disposal of a subsidiary  348  Total consideration - satisfied by cash  800  Net cash inflow arising on disposal:  Cash consideration received  800  Bank and cash balance disposed of  (4)  Cash and cash equivalents disposed of  796   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 34.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS

The  Company  adopted  the  Share  Option  Scheme  which  was  approved  by  Shareholders  at  the extraordinary general meeting held on 22 February 2016.

The  exercise  period  of  the  share  options  is  determined  by  the  Board,  which  are  entitled  to  make any  offer  to  any  eligible  participant  within  the  10  years  period  starting  from  22  February  2016,  they may determine the number of underlying shares, the subscription price and the expiration day in full discretion.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 34.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

The  goal  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme  is  to  enable  the  Group  to  grant  share  options  to  eligible participants as incentives or rewards for their contributions to the Group, thereby linking their interests with  that  of  the  Group.  The  eligible  participants  include  any  employee,  advisor,  consultant,  service provider, agent, customer, partner or joint-venture partner of the Company or any subsidiary (including any director of the Company or any subsidiary).

The total  number  of  shares  the  Company  may  issue  in  any  12-month  period  under  the  Share  Option Scheme  is  limited  to  1%  of  the  shares  of  the  Company  issued.  Any  further  grant  of  share  options exceeding this limit is subject to Shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

Under the Share Option Scheme, any share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder  of  the  Company,  or  to  any  of  their  respective  associates,  is  subject  to  INEDs'  approval. In  the  cases  where  share  options  are  granted  to  a  substantial  shareholder  or  an  INED,  (i)  if  the  total number of Shares granted exceeds 0.1% of the issued Shares, or (ii) if the aggregated value (based on the  closing  price  at  the  date  of  grant)  is  over  HK$5  million  within  the  12-month  period,  the  grant  is subject to Shareholders' approval in a general meeting.

The offer of a grant of share options shall deem to be accepted when the offer letter is duly signed by the grantee and the nominal consideration for the grant of HK$1 is received by the Company within 21 days from the date of the offer.

The  exercise  price  of  the  share  option  is  determined  by  the  Board,  but  shall  not  be  less  than  the highest of (i) the closing price of the Company's shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet of Stock Exchange on the date of the offer of the grant, which must be a trading day; (ii) the average closing price  of  the  Company's  shares  as  stated  in  the  Stock  Exchange's  daily  quotations  sheet  for  the  five trading days immediately preceding the date of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of the Company's shares.

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 34.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

## Share option 2022

| Number of share options  Grantee  Date of  grant  Vesting period  Exercise  period  Balance  as at  1/1/2022  Granted  during  the year  Exercise  during  the year  Forfeited  during  the year  Balance  as at  31/12/2022  Directors  16/9/2021  from 15/11/2021  16/9/2021 to  15/9/2023  45,450,000  -  -  -  45,450,000  Employees  16/9/2021  from 15/11/2021  16/9/2021 to  15/9/2023  29,000,000  -  -  -  29,000,000  Consultants  16/9/2021  from 15/11/2021  16/9/2021 to  15/9/2023  13,274,887  -  -  -  13,274,887  87,724,887  -  -  -  87,724,887  Exercisable at the end of the year  87,724,887  87,724,887   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Share option 2021

| Number of share options  Grantee  Date of  grant  Vesting period  Exercise  period  Balance  as at  1/1/2021  Granted  during  the year  Exercise  during  the year  Forfeited  during  the year  Balance  as at  31/12/2021  Directors  16/9/2021  from 15/11/2021  16/9/2021 to  15/9/2023  -  45,450,000  -  -  45,450,000  Employees  16/9/2021  from 15/11/2021  16/9/2021 to  15/9/2023  -  29,000,000  -  -  29,000,000  Consultants  16/9/2021  from 15/11/2021  16/9/2021 to  15/9/2023  -  13,274,887  -  -  13,274,887  -  87,724,887  -  -  87,724,887  Exercisable at the end of the year  -  87,724,887   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 34.  SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

## Share option 2021 (Continued)

The  fair  value  of  the  share  options  is  approximately  HK$8,529,000,  calculated  using  the  Binomial Option Pricing Model. The inputs into the model are as follows:

| 2021  Share price on grant date  HK$0.280  Exercise price  HK$0.284  Expected volatility  82.39%  Expected life  1.997  Risk free rate  0.33%  Expected dividend yield  0.00%  Expected early exercise multiplier  0.00% to 57.14%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Expected  volatility  was  determined  by  peers's  highest  volatility.  The  expected  life  used  in  the  model has been adjusted, based on the Group's best estimate, for the effects of non transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations.

Share  options  granted  to  consultants  were  incentives  for  helping  the  Group  expand  its  business network, acquire and explore new business projects and opportunities. The fair value of such benefit could not be estimated reliably and as a result, the fair value is measured by reference to the fair value of share options granted.

## 35.  CAPITAL COMMITMENTS

The Group did not have any capital commitments as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

## 36.  RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

In  addition  to  those  related  party  transactions  and  balances  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following transactions with its related parties during the year:

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  Interest expenses to other borrowings  -  1,787   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 37.  STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY AS AT 31 DECEMBER

| 2022  2021  HK$'000  HK$'000  NON-CURRENT ASSETS  Property, plant and equipment  70  90  Right-of-use assets  378  1,206  448  1,296  CURRENT ASSETS  Other receivables  590  971  Bank and cash balances  40  549  630  1,520  CURRENT LIABILITIES  Other payables  3,579  3,416  Borrowings  48,683  32,325  Amounts due to subsidiaries  966  898  Lease liabilities  456  825  53,684  37,464  NET CURRENT LIABILITIES  (53,054)  (35,944)  TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES  (52,606)  (34,648)  NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES  Lease liabilities  -  456  -  456  NET LIABILITIES  (52,606)  (35,104)  EQUITY  Share capital  15,153  15,153  Reserves  (67,759)  (50,257)  Total equity  (52,606)  (35,104)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2022

## 38.  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

The  following  table  shows  the  Group's  changes  in  liabilities  arising  from  financing  activities during the year:

| Lease  liabilities  Other  borrowings  Borrowings  Total  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  At 1 January 2021  4,166  112,575  195,528  312,269  Changes in cash flows  (897)  (96,320)  (2,577)  (99,794)  Non-cash changes  - addition  1,450  -  -  1,450  - lease termination  (3,454)  -  -  (3,454)  - waiver from other borrowings  -  (18,042)  -  (18,042)  - interest charged  66  1,787  62,607  64,460  - exchange differences  -  -  6,368  6,368  At 31 December 2021  1,331  -  261,926  263,257  Changes in cash flows  (984)  -  20,122  19,138  Non-cash changes  - addition  210  -  -  210  - interest charged  50  -  55,277  55,327  - disposal of subsidiary  (151)  -  -  (151)  - exchange differences  -  -  (21,562)  (21,562)  At 31 December 2022  456  -  315,763  316,219   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 39.  EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On 12 January  2023,  the  Company  entered  into  a  settlement  agreement  with  the  subscriber  for  the issuance  and  subscription  of  new  Shares.  The  indebtedness  due  to  subscriber  was  settled  in  full  by the  Company  by  issuance  and  allotment  of  66,334,814  settlement  shares  to  the  subscriber  at  the subscription  price  of  HK$0.27  per  Shares  on  30  January  2023.  Details  of  the  settlement  agreement, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 12 January 2023 and 30 January 2023.

## 40.  APPROVAL OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

These  consolidated  financial  statements  were  approved  and  authorised  for  issue  by  the  Board  of Directors on 31 March 2023.

## FIVE YEARS FINANCIAL SUMMARY

The following is a summary of the published results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group:

## RESULTS

| Year ended 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  (Restated)  Revenue  Continuing operations  207,435  116,810  57,152  44,556  27,046  Discontinued operation  -  2,256  -  -  22,359  207,435  119,066  57,152  44,556  49,405  Loss before tax  (60,542)  (109,575)  (169,529)  (126,130)  (120,864)  Income tax (expense)/credit  (1,609)  4,835  6,256  7,862  11,090  Loss for the year from  continuing operations  (62,151)  (104,740)  (163,273)  (118,268)  (109,774)  Profit from discontinued operation  259  3,755  -  -  15,496  Loss for the year  (61,892)  (100,985)  (163,273)  (118,268)  (94,278)  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (38,572)  (55,378)  (108,567)  (98,434)  (72,742)  Non-controlling interests  (23,320)  (45,607)  (54,706)  (19,834)  (21,536)  (61,892)  (100,985)  (163,273)  (118,268)  (94,278)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

| As at 31 December  2022  2021  2020  2019  2018  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  HK$'000  Non-current assets  221,738  263,210  254,473  202,767  205,057  Current assets  76,952  27,374  118,710  176,728  151,876  Current liabilities  (400,471)  (284,573)  (216,464)  (104,376)  (188,502)  Non-current liabilities  (23,358)  (45,854)  (155,365)  (190,127)  (25,452)  Net (liabilities)/assets  (125,139)  (39,843)  1,354  84,992  142,979  Attributable to:  Owners of the Company  194,833  253,832  248,206  158,906  196,733  Non-controlling interests  (319,972)  (293,675)  (246,852)  (73,914)  (53,754)  Total (deficit)/equity  (125,139)  (39,843)  1,354  84,992  142,979   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| In this annual report, unless the context otherwise indicated, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:  '2021 Annual Report'  the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December  2021  '2022 Interim Report'  the interim report of the Company for the six months ended 30 June  2022  'AGM'  the annual general meeting of the Company  'Articles of Association'  the articles of association of the Company  'associate(s)'  having the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules  'Audit Committee'  the audit committee of the Company  'Auditor' or 'ZHONGHUI ANDA'  ZHONGHUI ANDA CPA Limited, an independent external auditor  of  the Company  'Board'  the board of Directors  'CG Code'  Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing  Rules  'Chairman of the Board'  the chairman of the Board  'CEO'  the chief executive officer of the Company  'China' or 'PRC'  the  People's  Republic  of  China,  but  for  the  purposes  of  this  annual  report  and  for  geographical  reference  only  (unless  otherwise  indicated), excludes the Macao Special Administrative Region of the  PRC, Hong Kong and Taiwan  'Circular'  a  circular  despatched  by  the  Company  to  the  Shareholders  on  29  January 2016  'Code Provisions'  code provisions as set out in the CG Code  'Companies Law'  the  Companies  Law,  Cap.  22  (Law  3  of  1961,  as  consolidated  and  revised) of the Cayman Islands   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS

| 'Companies Ordinance'  the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong)  'Company'  Renaissance Asia Silk Road Group Limited (formerly known as 'China Billion  Resources  Limited'),  a  company  incorporated  in  the  Cayman Islands  with  limited  liability,  shares  of  which  are  listed  on  the  Stock Exchange  'Company Secretary'  the company secretary of the Company  'Corresponding Period'  the period for the year ended 31 December 2021  'Director(s)'  the director(s) of the Company  'ESG Report'  environmental,  social  and  governance  report  of  the  Group  for  the  year ended 31 December 2022  'ESG Reporting Guide'  Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide as set out in  Appendix 27 of Listing Rules on the Stock Exchange  'Executive Director(s)'  the executive Director(s)  'Gold Mine'  the Group's Yuanling gold project in Hunan Province, the PRC  'Group'  the Company and its subsidiaries  'HKAS'  Hong Kong Accounting Standards  'HKFRS'  Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards  'HKFRSs'  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards  comprise  HKFRS,  HKAS  and Interpretations  'HKICPA'  Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants  'HK$'  Hong Kong dollar(s), the lawful currency of Hong Kong  'Hong Kong'  the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC  'Hunan Westralian'  Hunan  Westralian  Mining  Co.,  Limited,  a  foreign  owned  enterprise  established in the PRC and is a subsidiary of the Company   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS

| 'INED(s)'  the independent non-executive Director(s)  'Internal Control Consultant'  an  internal  control  consultant  engaged  by  the  Company  on  12  December 2022  'Listing Rules'  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange  'Management'  the management of the Company  'Model Code'  Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers  as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules  'MPF Scheme'  Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme  'Mr. Cai' or 'Lender'  Mr.  Cai  Shuo,  a  former  director  of  Hunan  Westralian  (appointed  as  director on 15 August 2019 and resigned on 20 August 2020)  'NED(s)'  the non-executive Director(s)  'Nomination Committee'  the nomination committee of the Company  'Remuneration Committee'  the remuneration committee of the Company  'Reporting Period'  the period for the year ended 31 December 2022  'RMB'  Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC  'SFO'  the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of Laws of Hong  Kong)  'Share(s)'  ordinary share(s) of HK$0.01 each in the issued share capital of the  Company  'Share Option Scheme'  the share option scheme approved by the Shareholders for adoption  at  the  extraordinary  general  meeting  of  the  Company  held  on  22  February 2016  'Shareholder(s)'  holder(s) of the Share(s)  'SRK'  SRK Consulting China Limited, an independent technical adviser   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DEFINITIONS

| 'Stock Exchange'  The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited  'Target Company'  德興市益豐再生有色金屬有限責任公司 ,  a  limited  liability  company incorporated in the PRC  'Tung Settlement Agreement'  the  agreement  dated  31  August  2020  entered  into  between the  Company  and  Ms.  Tung  in  relation  to  the  settlement  of HK$9,951,528.08  outstanding  amount  and  issue  of  70,798,074 settlement shares  'Westralian Resources'  Westralian  Resources  Pty  Ltd,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of  the Company incorporated in Australia  '%'  per cent   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|