## ANNUAL REPORT 2022 MOVING FORWARD

REX INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

| CONTENTS  01  CORPORATE PROFILE  02  GROUP STRUCTURE  03  FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS  04  LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS  09  CORPORATE DATA  10  BOARD OF DIRECTORS  14  SENIOR MANAGEMENT - CORPORATE  17  SENIOR MANAGEMENT - OPERATIONS  19  REX VIRTUAL DRILLING  22  MILESTONES  26  OPERATIONS REVIEW  42  RESERVES AND RESOURCES  48  FINANCIAL REVIEW  50  INVESTOR RELATIONS  52  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT  91  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT  147  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  240  STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS  242  NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING  PROXY FORM   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE PROFILE

A multinational oil exploration and production company listed on Singapore's Mainboard

Rex International Holding Limited (' Rex International Holding ', ' Rex ' or the ' Company ', and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') is a multinational oil exploration and production (' E&amp;P ') company listed on the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited's Mainboard. The Group has interests in exploration and production licences in Oman, Norway and Malaysia, and holds operatorship for the assets in Oman and Malaysia.

The Group de-risks its portfolio of exploration and development assets using its proprietary liquid hydrocarbon indicator Rex Virtual Drilling technology, which can identify liquids in the sub-surface using seismic data. Since the Company's listing in July 2013, the Group has achieved four offshore discoveries, one in Oman and three in Norway.

## VISION

Rex International Holding's vision is to be a leading independent energy company with an international portfolio of concessions and energy-related businesses driven by technology and scientific innovation.

## VALUES

## INNOVATION

Game-changing, environmentally friendly technologies that will transform the energy industry.

## INTEGRITY

Trustworthy in both words and actions, in all business dealings.

## ENTREPRENEURSHIP

Our forward-looking, agile and entrepreneurial team aims to create long-term value for all stakeholders.

## GROUP STRUCTURE

<!-- image -->

All percentages represent effective equity interest in significant and core entities held by the Group as at 23 March 2023.

## FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

## GROUP

| US$'000  FY2022  FY2021  Revenue from sale of crude oil  170,259  158,444  Adjusted EBITDA #  61,654  111,195  Profit for the year, net of tax  353  78,939  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax  (4,704)  79,972  (Loss)/earnings per share (US cents)  (0.08)  5.16  US$'000  31 Dec 2022  31 Dec 2021  Non-current assets  427,964  349,985  Current assets  240,594  193,175  Total assets  668,558  543,160  Non-current liabilities  336,169  285,234  Current liabilities  143,906  58,671  Total liabilities  480,075  343,905  Net asset value ('NAV')*  188,483  199,255  Total equity  188,483  199,255  NAV per share (US cents)  14.47  15.30   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

#  Adjusted EBITDA = Earnings - depletion of oil and gas properties - amortisation of intangible assets - taxes - interest expense and income - impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets

*Net asset value as disclosed above includes non-controlling interests

## MOVING FORWARD

## DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,

## PUTTING UNFORESEEN CHALLENGES OCCURRING  IN 2022 BEHIND, REX IS MOVING FORWARD WITH ITS PLAN TO GROW PRODUCTION FROM MULTIPLE ASSETS

2022 was yet another roller coaster year for Brent crude oil prices, which started at US$79 a barrel in January, peaked at US$123 a barrel in March, and then ended the year at US$85 1 a barrel, in tandem with the gradual reopening of economies after the lifting of Covid-19 social restrictions, the start of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and subsequent concerns about rising inflation and potential recession in global markets.

The oil and gas industry in 2022 was marked by windfall taxes, price caps, and calls for more oil and gas production. According to a report  by Wood MacKenzie, the clash of priorities to produce more oil and gas on one hand, and to uphold energy transition commitments on the other, will make for a complicated year in oil and gas in 2023 2 . Moody's Investors Service stated in a report that the upstream oil and gas sector will have another strong year in 2023 based on favourable supply-demand fundamentals, although average energy prices will not reach the high of 2022 levels. Sharp oil price swings will remain a norm, making large or long-term capital investment decisions difficult for companies. 3  Meanwhile, the International Energy Agency (IEA) has forecast a gap of some 900,000 bpd between demand and supply. 4

## Profit Despite a Challenging Year

For the year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '), the Group recorded revenue of US$170.3 million, mainly from subsidiary Masirah Oil Ltd's (' MOL ') share of produced oil after the Oman government's take and Lime Petroleum AS's (' LPA ') share of oil sales from the Brage Field in Norway. This was a 7.5 per cent increase from revenue of US$158.44 million in the year ended 31 December 2021 (' FY2021 ').

1 FactSet data

2 Oil &amp; Gas 360 / Oil Price, Oil and gas in for turbulent year as governments and industry butt heads, 30 January 2023

3 Rigzone, Upstream Oil and Gas Will Have Another Strong Year in 2023, 19 January 2023

4 Oil Price, Oil Unmoved After EIA Reports Small Crude Build, 25 January 2023

* Adjusted EBITDA = Earnings - depletion of oil and gas properties - depreciation - amortisation of intangible assets - taxes - interest expense and income - impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets

<!-- image -->

Profit after tax of US$0.4 million was recorded in FY2022, compared to US$78.94 million in FY2021. Adjusted EBITDA* for FY2022 came in at US$61.7 million.

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's cash and cash equivalents and quoted investments totalled US$138.8 million (31 December 2021: US$86.9 million); with cash and cash equivalents at US$115.8 million (31 December 2021: US$60.6 million); and quoted investments at US$23.0 million (31 December 2021: US$26.3 million).

## Oman: Production Facilities Changed Out; Operational Issues Resolved

Average realised oil price increased from US$67 per barrel in FY2021 to US$88 per barrel in FY2022 for crude oil sales from the Yumna Field in Block 50 Oman. However, production

volumes in 2022 were lower than the production highs in 2021 due to natural declines, compounded by planned and unplanned facility stoppages mainly in the first half of 2022. The planned change-outs of the floating storage tanker and Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) were necessary, and these will serve until the end of Yumna Field's life. Unforeseen operational issues caused by a faulty Electric Submersible Pump (ESP) and a damaged flowline were resolved during the year.

A dual-objective drilling campaign was carried out in the fourth quarter of the year and the Yumna-4 well commenced production on 2 January 2023.  A summary qualified person's report on the Yumna Field dated 2 March 2023 stated that as of 31 December 2022, the Yumna Field had produced 7.1 MMstb of oil.

## Norway: Second Producing Asset Acquired

LPA's acquisition of a 10 per cent interest in the Yme Field (the ' Yme Acquisition ') in 2022 further strengthens LPA's position as a full-fledged exploration and production player in the Norwegian Continental Shelf, following its acquisition of a 33.8434 per cent interest in the producing Brage Field in 2021. The Norwegian Petroleum Directorate states that remaining reserves in the Yme Field stand at 8.71 million Sm 3  of oil equivalent 6  i.e. there are remaining 2P Reserves of about 5.5 mmboe in the Yme Field net to LPA; while there are 2.5 million Sm 3  of oil equivalent or 15.7 mmboe of remaining reserves in the Brage Field 7  i.e. 2P Reserves of about 5.32 mmboe net to LPA.

According to Bloomberg, for the first time, more money was raised in the debt markets for climate-friendly projects than for fossil-fuel companies in 2022. 5  Amid such an environment and continual oil price volatility, LPA's ability to raise NOK 1,200 million (approximately US$122 million)  for its three-year senior secured bond issue is a testament to the quality of its assets.

As part of the Yme Field acquisition, LPA will assume significant tax balances. Including the existing tax balance mmboe: million barrels of oil equivalent MMstb: millions of stock tank barrels bpd: barrels per day

5    Bloomberg, Green Lending Tops Fossil Fuel as Big Oil Gets Cash Elsewhere, 4 January 2023

6    Norwegian Petroleum Directorate website, Yme Field

7    Norwegian Petroleum Directorate website, Brage Field

of the LPA, these deferred tax assets are recoverable for LPA. It is especially important as the Norwegian tax system has been restructured to a cash-flow tax, among which is the removal of the specific tax incentive for exploration activities from 2022.

While the drilling of an exploration well at the Brage South prospect targeting the deeper reservoir sections in the producing Brage Field was completed in 2022 without a discovery, the well allowed for economies of scale for a sidetrack of a production well in the field.

LPA also acquired 30 per cent interests in licences PL820 S and PL 820 SB in the North Sea during the year. The PL820 S and PL820 SB licences with the Iving and Evra discoveries, lie on the Utsira High area adjacent to the giant Vår Energyoperated Balder Field, and just north of PL818 Orkja and PL867 Gjegnalunden, in which LPA has 30 per cent and 20 per cent interests respectively.

## Malaysia: Potential Geographical Diversification for Production

The unforeseen prolonged production stoppage in the Yumna Field during 2022 underscored the importance of and affirmed the Group's strategies on prudent capital management and to geographically diversify its portfolio of producing assets to mitigate risks, as well as to continue with new drilling campaigns with potential to add to the Group's reserves and resources. To this end, Rex is working to add production from Malaysia during 2023.

The drawing up of field development plans for the Group's 95 per cent participating interest in two Production Sharing Contracts (' PSCs ') for the Rhu-Ara and the Diwangsa Clusters (the ' Clusters ') in Malaysia are still in progress, taking into consideration the volatility in availability and costs for drilling services and equipment. In July 2022, the Carlingford division of GFI Securities Limited (' Carlingford ') was appointed the exclusive mandated arranger of financing for the development of the two PSCs. More details will be shared in due course.

## Business Diversification

In December 2022, Rex entered into an agreement to invest up to another US$4 million into Xer Technologies Pte. Ltd. (' Xer '), bringing its shareholding interest in the Singaporeregistered commercial drone company from 40 per cent to approximately 53 per cent. The Company had invested in Xer in July 2021 to diversify from its core business of oil exploration and production to an investment in a promising company in an up-and-coming industry that exhibits strong growth potential, at a relatively modest consideration, coupled with limited risks. Xer had achieved most of the conditions precedent pursuant to the agreement in relation to the previous acquisition, and the latest acquisition will allow Xer to continue to make headways towards commercialisation.

Research suggests that the global commercial drone market size is anticipated to reach US$501.4 billion by 2028, registering a Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of 57.5 per cent from 2021 to 2028. 8  Goldman Sachs had forecast a US$100 billion market opportunity for drones between 2016 and 2020, helped by growing demand from the commercial and civil government sectors. 9

The Company through a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a conditional share purchase agreement to purchase the entire issued share capital of Moroxite T AB (' Moroxite T ') at a nominal consideration of SEK 1 (approximately US$0.10), with a commitment to invest up to an additional SEK 43.2 million (approximately US$4.12 million), subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. Moroxite T is a medicaltechnology (' med-tech ') company that is developing a new drug delivery device or a combined pharma med-tech product to increase the percentage of specific drugs actually penetrating the targeted tumour area, for which the global market opportunities are growing.

While the Company intends to continue as an oil and gas exploration and production company for many years to come, it intends to seize business opportunities to invest in projects that have unicorn business potential with limited risks, without any material change to the Company's business profile and risks, as a sustainable business diversification strategy. The Company is of the view that the Moroxite T acquisition does not change the risk profile of the Company. A circular regarding the Moroxite T acquisition will be sent to Rex shareholders in due course.

## Corporate Actions: Move to Mainboard, Maiden Dividend, Capital Reduction, Board Renewal

Rex moved to the Mainboard on 8 March 2022 and paid out its maiden dividend of 0.5 Singapore cents per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 on 10 October 2022.

The Company's proposed capital reduction to cancel the share capital of the Company that had been lost or was unrepresented by available assets to the extent of US$168,096,000 was 99.99 per cent approved by shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 20 January 2023. The capital reduction serves to rationalise the balance sheet of the Company to reflect more accurately the value of its underlying assets, and thus the financial position of the Company. In addition, the Company would be in a better position to retain profits and enhance its ability to declare dividends, where appropriate, if the accumulated losses are written off.  The Board will take into consideration the present and future funding needs of the Company and the Group before declaring any dividends.

As part of the Board renewal process, Mr Muhammad Sameer Yousuf Khan retired as Independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 29 April 2022 and three new board directors, including our first female board member, were appointed on 4 May 2022. We thank Mr Khan for his unstinting service and counsel over the years and welcome Ms Mae Heng, Mr John d'Abo and Dr Mathias Lidgren to the Rex Board. We believe that their extensive experience, strong business network and fresh perspectives will further enhance the Board's diversity and strengths to guide the Group in business sustainability, strategic direction and growth.

The Company is pleased to be recognised for its efforts in corporate governance and transparency. Accolades garnered during the year include Best Managed Board (Mid-cap) (Bronze) and Best Investor Relations (Mid-cap) (Bronze) at the Singapore Corporate Awards 2022, and Runner-Up, Singapore Corporate Governance Award (Mid-cap) at the SIAS (Securities Investors Association (Singapore)) Investors' Choice Awards 2022.

8 Source: Globe Newswire, Commercial Drone Market Size, Share &amp; Trends Analysis Report By Product, By Application, By End-use, By Region And Segment Forecasts, 2021 - 2028, 5 May 2021

9    Source: Goldman Sachs website, Drones: Reporting for Work (goldmansachs.com)

For 2023, our target is to build up and start getting production from three areas; namely, Oman, Norway and Malaysia.

## Moving Forward

For 2023, our target is to build up and start getting production from three areas; namely, Oman, Norway and Malaysia. From January 2023, another production well has been added in Oman, and LPA will be receiving 10 per cent of production from the newly acquired Yme Field in Norway, on top of its 33.8434 per cent interest in the Brage Field production. As at February 2023, production in the Yumna Field, Oman was at gross 5,515 stock tank barrels per day (stb/d) while production in the Brage and Yme fields was at 3,907.6 barrels per day net to LPA.

As of 31 December 2022, the Yumna Field had produced 7.1 MMstb. The Summary QPR dated 2 March 2023 estimates remaining 2P gross reserves in the Yumna Field to have increased to 8.7 MMstb, making a total of 15.8 MMstb. This means the production will be able to continue for longer in Oman than previously envisaged.

The Group's long-term target to get to 20,000 boepd remains but in 2023, this will be dependent on the availability of rigs and other equipment, particularly for Oman and Malaysia. In addition, we will continue to look for investment and development opportunities to bolster our production.

The International Energy Agency (IEA), in its report produced in cooperation with the World Economic Forum (WEF) presented at WEF's Annual Meeting in Davos on 21 January 2023, opined that oil and gas companies are facing a critical challenge as the world increasingly shifts towards clean energy transitions. Fossil fuels drive the companies' nearterm returns, but failure to address growing calls to reduce greenhouse gas emissions could threaten their long-term social acceptability and profitability. However, investment in oil and gas projects will still be needed, even in rapid clean

10    IEA, Oil and gas industry needs to step up climate efforts now, 20 January 2023

11    Seeking Alpha, BofA, Citi, other big banks should move faster to cut fossil-fuel financing, investors say, 25 January 2023

energy transitions. 10  Meanwhile, banks have been under pressure from investors and climate activists, and many are cutting fossil-fuel financing. 11

Against this backdrop, Rex is committed to operate its core business in oil exploration and production in accordance to strict environmental, social and governance (ESG) rules in the respective jurisdictions where it has a presence and will continue to explore carbon capture opportunities.

Given Rex's limited resources, a more sustainable longterm business diversification strategy would be to invest in low-risk projects that have unicorn business potential that do not materially change the Company's business and risk profile, rather than compete with big energy firms on current renewable energy options like solar, wind and nuclear, which are capital intensive. The Management and Board will continue to be highly selective of other new business diversification projects going forward.

## Acknowledgements

We would like to thank our Board for their contribution, guidance and counsel, and our colleagues for their commitment and hard work during a year of unforeseen challenges. We would also like to express our appreciation to our shareholders for their understanding and continual support.

## Dan Broström

Executive Chairman

Måns Lidgren Chief Executive Officer

23 March 2023

## CORPORATE DATA

## DIRECTORS

## Board of Directors

Dan Broström, Executive Chairman Dr Karl Lidgren, Executive Director Sin Boon Ann, Lead Independent Director Dr Christopher Atkinson, Independent Director Mae Heng, Independent Director John d'Abo, Independent Director Dr Mathias Lidgren, Non-Independent Non-Executive Director

## BOARD COMMITTEES

## Nominating Committee

Sin Boon Ann, Chairman Dr Karl Lidgren Dr Mathias Lidgren John d'Abo

## Remuneration Committee

Sin Boon Ann, Chairman Dan Broström John d'Abo

## Audit Committee

Mae Heng, Chairman Sin Boon Ann Dan Broström

## COMPANY SECRETARIES

Kong Wei Fung Cheok Hui Yee

## REGISTERED OFFICE

80 Robinson Road #02-00

Singapore 068898 Telephone: (65) 6557 2477 Facsimile: (65) 6438 3164 Website: https://www.rexih.com Email: ir@rexih.com; info@rexih.com Reg. No. : 201301242M

## AUDITORS

KPMG LLP 12 Marina View, #15-01 Asia Square Tower 2 Singapore 018961

Audit Partner: Ronald Tay Ser Teck (Appointed in 2018)

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898 Telephone: (65) 6236 3333

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Barclays Bank PLC National Bank of Oman Skandinaviska Enskilda Banken AB UBS AG Union Bancaire Privée (Europe) S.A. United Overseas Bank Limited

## BOARD DIRECTORS

DAN BROSTRÖM Chairman and Executive Director Member, Remuneration and Audit Committees

<!-- image -->

DR KARL LIDGREN Executive Director Member, Nominating Committee

<!-- image -->

Mr Dan Broström, 79, has been with the Group since 2011. He was appointed as an Executive Director on 11 January 2013 and re-elected to the Board on 23 April 2021.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr Broström was a senior partner at MVI Holdings Ltd between 1993 and 2005, where as a consultant, he assisted Swedish companies in setting up businesses in Singapore through fundraising activities and sourcing for suitable business partners. From 1990 to 1993, Mr Broström was the chief executive officer at Hufvudstaden UK Ltd, a real estate company. Before Hufvudstaden UK Ltd, Mr Broström worked in the shipping industry, where he was based in London and held the position of chief executive officer of Brostrom UK Ltd for the period from 1980 to 1987.

Mr Broström has a degree in Economics from Stanford University in the United States of America, and a Bachelor of Arts in Economics from Gothenburg University in Sweden.

Dr Karl Lidgren, 75, was appointed as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 1 May 2013 and was re-designated as a Non-Independent Executive Director on 15 January 2015. He was last re-elected to the Board on 29 April 2022.

Dr Lidgren and his brother, Mr Hans Lidgren, have since the 1980s, utilised satellite altimeter data in oil exploration activities which enabled major oil and gas findings. A founder of Rex International Holding, Dr Lidgren represents the interests of Limea Ltd on the Company's Board of Directors.

Dr Lidgren graduated from Lund University in Sweden in 1970 with a degree in Economics. Upon graduation, he taught in Lund University until 1972 before taking on the role of an investigator for the Swedish Government from 1972 to 1980. He concurrently obtained a Doctor of Philosophy in Economics from Lund University in 1976. Dr Lidgren taught in Lund University as a Professor from 1980 until his retirement in 2000.

<!-- image -->

SIN BOON ANN BBM, PBM Lead Independent Non-Executive Director Chairman, Nominating and Remuneration Committees Member, Audit Committee

<!-- image -->

DR CHRISTOPHER ATKINSON Independent Non-Executive Director

Mr Sin Boon Ann, 65, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 26 June 2013 and was appointed as the Lead Independent Director on 24 February 2014. He was re-elected to the Board on 23 April 2021. His continued appointment as an Independent Director was approved on 29 April 2022 via two-tier voting by all shareholders and by shareholders excluding the directors and chief executive officer of the Company and their associates.

He received his Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws (Honours) from the National University of Singapore in 1982 and 1986 respectively, and a Master of Laws from the University of London in 1988. Mr Sin was admitted to the Singapore Bar in 1987 and was a member of the teaching staff of the law faculty, National University of Singapore from 1987 to 1992.

Mr Sin joined Drew &amp; Napier LLC in 1992. He was the Deputy Managing Director of Drew &amp; Napier's Corporate and Finance Department and the Co-head of the Capital Markets Practice before he retired to be a consultant with the firm in March 2018.

Mr Sin was a Member of Parliament for Tampines GRC from 1996 to 2011. In appreciation of his valuable public services rendered to the Ministry of Home Affairs, Mr Sin was conferred the Singapore National Day Award - 'The Public Service Star (Bintang Bakti Masyarakat)' in 2018 and 'The Public Service Medal (Pingat Bakti Masyarakat)' in 2013 by the President of Singapore. Additionally, in recognition of his constant support and contributions to the Labour Movement, Mr Sin received the NTUC May Day Award - 'Distinguished Service Award' in 2018, 'Meritorious Service Award' in 2013 and 'Friends of Labour Award' in 2003.

Dr Christopher Atkinson, 65, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 6 January 2015 and was re-elected to the Board on 29 April 2022. He is also an independent Board member of Masirah Oil Ltd and of Lime Petroleum AS, subsidiaries of the Group.

Dr Atkinson is a professional geologist with over 35 years of experience in the upstream oil and gas sector. He is currently the founder and Chairman of Helios Aragon Pte Limited and a director of Worldwide Petroleum Services Pte Limited. Prior to this, Dr Atkinson was a founding investor in Serica Energy plc in 2004 and in several other successful E&amp;P start-ups between 2006-2016. In 2020, he was elected to the board of Far East Gold, an eco-focused miner listed on the Australian stock exchange. He has also worked for Shell International Petroleum Company and was a 15-year career veteran with the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO), where his last held position was Vice President of Exploration, Europe/North Africa.

Dr Atkinson holds a Doctor of Philosophy in Geology and a Bachelor of Science (1st Class Honours) in Geology from the University of Wales, Swansea. He is a member of the Singapore Institute of Directors and is a Life Member of the Petroleum Exploration Society of Southeast Asia, where he served as President from 2002 to 2003.

MAE HENG Independent Non-Executive Director Chairperson, Audit Committee

<!-- image -->

JOHN D'ABO Independent Non-Executive Director Member, Nominating and Remuneration Committees

<!-- image -->

Ms Mae Heng, 52, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 4 May 2022.

Ms Mae Heng has over 16 years of experience working at Ernst &amp; Young Singapore. She is an Independent Non-Executive Director of Novo Tellus Alpha Acquisition, Grand Venture Technology Limited, Chuan Hup Holdings Limited, HRnetGroup Limited, Ossia International Limited and Apex Healthcare Berhad, and is chairperson or a member of these companies' various board committees. Ms Heng also holds directorships in her family-owned investment holding companies. She was also the former Audit Committee Chairperson of an SGX-listed real estate developer, as well as an online travel company.

Ms Heng holds a Bachelor of Accountancy from the Nanyang Technological University. She is a Fellow Chartered Accountant with the Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants and an ASEAN Chartered Professional Accountant.

Mr John d'Abo, 54, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 4 May 2022. He is also an independent board member of Moroxite Holding Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group.

Mr John d'Abo has over 30 years of executive experience in global investment banks and associated businesses mainly in Southeast Asia, advising listed companies on fund raising in both equity and debt and corporate advisory, during which he established relationships with a wide array of companies and investors across multiple sectors. His investment banking career of 23 years includes stints at Royal Bank of Canada Capital Markets (Hong Kong), Royal Bank of Scotland (Hong Kong), Credit Suisse (Hong Kong), CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets (Hong Kong and New York) and HSBC James Capel (London). He is the founder and current Director of  Erland Advisors Ltd.

Mr d'Abo holds a Bachelor of Arts with joint honours in French and Spanish from the University of Bristol, United Kingdom.

DR MATHIAS LIDGREN Non-Independent Non-Executive Director Member, Nominating Committee

<!-- image -->

Dr Mathias Lidgren, 41, was appointed as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director on 4 May 2022. He is also a board member of Moroxite Holding Pte. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group.

Dr Mathias Lidgren will represent the interests of Limea Ltd., the controlling shareholder of the Company. He has been a practising medical doctor since 2013 and has worked for the National Health Service (NHS), United Kingdom, the Hôpitaux Universitaires de Genéve, Geneva, Switzerland, and the Sahlgrenska University Hospital, Gothenburg, Sweden. He is currently practising at Skane University Hospitals in Lund, Sweden, and is also a post-doctoral researcher in the Division of Molecular Medicine and Gene Therapy, Department of Laboratory Medicine in Lund University, Sweden. Dr Lidgren currently holds directorships in Propatria AB, Rotationsplast i Munka-Ljungby AB, Caithness Fastighets AB, Forvaltningsaktiebolaget Maple, Trolleholms Slott AB, Captiosus AB, Strominnate Therapeutics AB and Moroxite T AB; companies in Sweden involved in a range of businesses including real estate, manufacturing and medicine. He is also Chief Medical Officer of Moroxite T AB.

Dr Lidgren holds a Doctor of Philosophy in Health Economics from the Karolinska Institutet, Sweden, a Master of Arts in Genetics, as well as a medical degree (MB BChir) from the University of Cambridge, United Kingdom and a Bachelor of Science in Business Administration (BSBA) from the International University of Monaco. His medical degree is recognised by the Commission des professions médicales, Switzerland and Socialstyrelsen, Sweden. He is licensed to practice medicine in the canton of Geneva, Switzerland and in Sweden. He is also a board-certified specialist in clinical genetics in Sweden.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT (CORPORATE)

MÅNS LIDGREN Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

SVEIN KJELLESVIK Chief Operating Officer

<!-- image -->

Mr Måns Lidgren is the Chief Executive Officer and is responsible for overseeing the strategic positioning and business expansion of the Group, including making major business and finance decisions.

Prior to joining the Company in January 2013, Mr Lidgren was interim chief executive officer and director of Lime Petroleum Plc from August 2011 to December 2012 and chief financial officer of his family's business from August 2009 to August 2011. He has seven years of experience in financial structuring, mergers &amp; acquisitions, investments and business development. From January 2008 to August 2009, Mr Lidgren was vice president of business development under the private banking division of Credit Suisse, where he managed his own client portfolio and acted as a broker for sourcing of new business and pre-screened business proposals. From 2002 to 2007, he joined his family business in private investments first as a business analyst in 2002, and subsequently a merger &amp; acquisitions manager in 2003 and 2004. From 2005 to 2007, he assumed the position of senior investment manager in his family's business, and carried out portfolio management, liaison with partner banks and private equity transactions. Upon his graduation, Mr Lidgren also provided consultancy services to Global Responsibility, an organisation that seeks to promote responsible citizenship worldwide, where he helped companies communicate their efforts in environmental, health and safety issues.

Mr Lidgren holds a Bachelor of Science and a Master of Science, both in Business Administration and Economics, from Lund University, Sweden.

Mr Svein Kjellesvik is the Chief Operating Officer and Executive Chairman of the Group's subsidiary, Lime Petroleum AS. He is responsible for the Group's overall operations, including the integration of new business development plans into the Group's operations.

Prior to joining the Company, Mr Kjellesvik has been an independent entrepreneur and he has been involved in the start-up of Rex Middle East Ltd (formerly known as Rex Oil &amp; Gas Ltd) and Lime Petroleum Plc. Before retiring from Schlumberger in 2002, Mr Kjellesvik has held leading positions in Schlumberger's seismic division and corporate headquarters. He has also been the President of their Global Marine Seismic Division. Mr Kjellesvik has played leading roles in key innovations in the seismic industry which includes multi-cable 3D seismic, 4 component seismic, and seismic 4D.

Mr Kjellesvik holds a Master degree in Applied Geophysics from the Norwegian Institute of Technology (NTH) in Trondheim and is a member of the Society of Exploration Geophysicists, the European Association of Petroleum Geoscientists and the American Association of Petroleum Geoscientists.

PER LIND Chief Financial Officer

<!-- image -->

KRISTOFER SKANTZE Chief Commercial Officer

<!-- image -->

Mr Per Lind is the Chief Financial Officer overseeing the Group's finance, legal, administration and group structural matters. He also works with the CEO in business development. He has been a board member of Masirah Oil Ltd since 2015, Rex Technology Investments Pte Ltd since 2020 and Pantai Rhu Energy Sdn Bhd since 2021, all of which are subsidiaries of the Group. He is also a member of the Joint Management Committee of Block 50 Oman.

Prior to joining the Company, from 2009 to 2013, he was Vice President, Investments at Tangerine Time, a Singapore-based investment company investing in real estate and financial services in Singapore, India and the UK. Before being Senior Vice President of Finance in AEP Investment Management, a Singapore-based investment management company in 2008, Mr Lind spent five years as Director of Finance &amp; Corporate Development with 1st Software Corporation Ltd, a software company listed on the mainboard of the Singapore Exchange from 2003 to 2008. He had also worked for six years in the London and Singapore offices of Merchant Venture Investments, an international federation of private equity investors.

Mr Lind graduated with a degree in business administration and economics in 1996 from the School of Business, Economics and Law at the Gothenburg University in Sweden.

Mr Kristofer Skantze is the Chief Commercial Officer and manages business development for the Group, including for Rex Technology Management Ltd. He is also Chief Executive Officer of the Group's commercial drone associated company, Xer Technologies Pte. Ltd..

Prior to joining the Company, he was the Head of Sales and Marketing at textile chemical company HeiQ Materials AG from 2007 to 2012, where he forged partner alliances with well-known textile brands. From 2000 to 2007, Mr Skantze worked for Anoto Group AB, a Swedish high-tech company. He held various positions within the company's headquarters in Lund, Sweden from 2000 to 2005, and was Business Development Manager of Anoto Inc. in Boston from 2005 to August 2007, where he managed the partner network and was responsible for all new North American customers. During his stint in Anoto Group AB in Sweden, Mr Skantze also invented and filed for several patents, of which at least nine were granted.

Mr Skantze holds a Master's degree in Engineering Physics from the Faculty of Engineering of University of Lund in Sweden.

LINA BERNTSEN Chief Technology Officer

<!-- image -->

MOK LAI SIONG Chief Communications Officer

<!-- image -->

Mrs Lina Berntsen is the Chief Technology Officer and co-ordinates the use of Rex Technologies for the Group. Mrs Berntsen re-joined the Group in 2012 as the Rex Virtual Drilling Specialist to Lime Petroleum Norway AS (now known as Lime Petroleum AS). Prior to this from 2011 to 2012, she provided consultancy services to the Group as a Technology Specialist at Equus Consulting AB, a business providing advanced mathematical analysis. From 2010 to 2011, Mrs Berntsen was the Rex Virtual Drilling Specialist for Rex Oil &amp; Gas Ltd. and oversaw the operations and coordinated analyses in relation to the use of Rex Virtual Drilling.

Prior to this, Mrs Berntsen was Development Engineer in Gambro Lundia AB, a global medical technology company, where she was responsible for product development and design control relating to dialysis technology. She was previously the Marketing Coordinator in biotechnology company Chemel AB, where she also worked on product development.

Mrs Berntsen holds a Master of Science in Chemical Engineering from the University of Lund, Sweden.

Ms Mok Lai Siong is the Chief Communications Officer, and is responsible for the Group's strategic communications with shareholders, potential investors, analysts and the media, as well as for sustainability reporting, branding and marketing.

Ms Mok has over 25 years of experience in communications and investor relations in multinational listed firms. Prior to joining the Company, she was Group General Manager, Corporate Communications &amp; Investor Relations for the then Singapore mainboard-listed conglomerate WBL Corporation from 2010 to 2013. From 2007 to 2010, Ms Mok worked in YTL Starhill REIT Management, the manager of Starhill Global REIT, where her last held position was Senior Vice President, Investor Relations &amp; Corporate Communications. She has also held positions in CapitaLand, OverseaChinese Banking Corporation, Overseas Union Bank, Pidemco Land and the National University of Singapore.

Ms Mok holds a Master of Business (International Marketing) degree from the Curtin University of Technology, Australia, and a Bachelor of Arts degree in English and Philosophy from the National University of Singapore.

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT (OPERATIONS)

HANS LIDGREN Masirah Oil Ltd - Chairman

<!-- image -->

MIKE HOPKINSON Masirah Oil Ltd - General Manager

<!-- image -->

Mr Hans Lidgren is one of the founders of the Rex Group. Limea Ltd, in which Mr Lidgren has a 50 per cent interest, is a majority shareholder of Rex International Holding Limited.

Mr Lidgren has extensive experience in the oil and gas industry. Since the early 1980s, Mr Lidgren has utilised satellite altimeter data in oil exploration activities which enabled major oil and gas findings. He made way for major findings such as the Haltenbanken area in Norway and the Bukha field in Oman. The Haltenbanken area was only discovered in the 1980s after Mr Lidgren's surveys showed positive satellite altimetry results as to the presence of oil and gas.

Mr Lidgren also developed the Rex Technologies, comprising Rex Gravity, Rex Seepage, Rex Gas Indicator and Rex Virtual Drilling, the Rex Group's proprietary liquid hydrocarbon indicator.

Mr Mike Hopkinson has more than 30 years of upstream experience in many different international locations.  He is skilled at all engineering and operations aspects of the petroleum business, from exploration, through development and production. His experience includes onshore, offshore, both shallow and deep water, developments. Project locations include UK North Sea, Gulf of Mexico, Ghana, Equatorial Guinea, Ukraine, Georgia, Ecuador and Guatemala.

Prior to joining Masirah Oil Ltd, Mr Hopkinson was the Energy Transition Coordinator for Cox Oil in Dallas, Texas, USA. He started his career in 1985 as Operations Engineer with Marathon Oil Company in Aberdeen, Scotland. After transferring to the USA, Mr Hopkinson has also held various upstream oil and gas positions in Kosmos Energy Inc., Caelus Energy LLC, Energy Resource Technology (a Helix company) and Triton Energy Inc., all of which are based in Texas, USA with international and domestic operations.

Mr Hopkinson holds a Master of Science in Petroleum Engineering from Imperial College, UK, and a Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Engineering with Business Studies from the University of Portsmouth, UK.

<!-- image -->

SVEIN KJELLESVIK Lime Petroleum AS - Chairman

LARS HÜBERT Lime Petroleum AS - Chief Executive Officer

<!-- image -->

JOHN PRINGLE Pantai Rhu Energy Sdn Bhd - General Manager

<!-- image -->

Mr Svein Kjellesvik was appointed Chairman of Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA ') on 19 April 2016. He was appointed Executive Chairman of LPA on 1 June 2017.

Please refer to page 14 for more details.

Mr Hübert has some 25 years' extensive experience in the oil industry, with a focus on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, ranging from rank exploration to production and operations.

He joined Lime Petroleum in 2014 as Chief Geologist, and was appointed Exploration Manager in 2018.  Prior to Lime Petroleum, Mr Hübert was Exploration Manager for San Leon Energy in Warsaw, Poland.  He started his career with Exxon in New Orleans, and was responsible for Exxon's first horizontal well in the Gulf of Mexico.  Mr Hübert has also held various positions in Halliburton, Rock Solid Images and Legends Exploration.

Mr Hübert holds a Bachelor of Science from the University of Oslo, Norway, a Master of Science from the University of Wyoming, US and a Master of Business Administration from Heriot-Watt University, UK.

Mr John Pringle has 35 years of experience in oil exploration &amp; production (E&amp;P) engineering and projects in the UK, the Middle East, Norway and Southeast Asia.

He started his career in the E&amp;P industry in 1985 as Petroleum Engineer with BP in the Hague and then in Aberdeen. From 1990 to 1994, Mr Pringle held various petroleum engineering and production technology positions in oil majors Total, Conoco and Shell in Abu Dhabi and Norway. From 1994 to 2005, he was with independent oil companies Petroleum Experts, Dome and Landmark, as well as national oil company PetroCanada. In these companies, he was responsible for marketing, operations, training, development of accounting systems and field development plans for projects in the Middle East, including in Dubai, Iraq, Saudi Arabia and Libya; as well as in Algeria. From 2005 to 2012, Mr Pringle held various engineering positions in Petronas Carigali, Malaysia and in Coastal Energy, Thailand. In 2012, he set up Coastal Energy KBM in Malaysia and delivered the only profitable and successful Risk Service Project there. Before joining Masirah Oil Ltd in 2019, Mr Pringle was Managing Director of Bluefin Petroleum in Malaysia, a company focused on exploration, development and production operations in 'fast track' projects. As General Manager of Masirah Oil Ltd, Mr Pringle was instrumental in leading the development of the Yumna Field by installing a Mobile Offshore Production Unit and Storage and Offloading Tanker and drilling of Oman Block 50's first three production wells in the Yumna Field. He moved to Malaysia to set up Pantai Rhu Energy Sdn Bhd in 2021.

Mr Pringle holds a Master of Science in Petroleum Engineering from Heriot-Watt University, UK and a Bachelor of Science in Civil and Structural Engineering from the University of Edinburgh, UK.

## REX VIRTUAL DRILLING

Rex Virtual Drilling, the Group's proprietary liquid hydrocarbon indicator, is developed by Rex Technology Investments, a company set up by two of our founders, Dr Karl Lidgren and Mr Hans Lidgren.  Rex Technology Investments is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Rex International Holding.  Rex Virtual Drilling is offered as a de-risking tool for offshore oil exploration companies around the world.

<!-- image -->

## REX VIRTUAL DRILLING

Rex Virtual Drilling (" RVD ") is a proprietary technology which uses conventional seismic data to extract information about the presence of reservoir rock and liquid hydrocarbons. Seismic data is the conventional technology used by the oil industry to image the subsurface and guide in the exploration and production decision-making process. Seismic data is collected by shooting acoustic energy - sound pulses - into the ground and listening to the responding acoustic signals as the sound pulses interact with liquid and rock layers. Although seismic data has been used by the exploration industry for almost a century, identifying reservoir rock and liquid types remains very difficult, which is why global average oil exploration success rate remains at only about 10 to 15 per cent.

With the liquid hydrocarbon indicator RVD, the exploration success rate can be increased. RVD processes and extracts information from seismic data using unique algorithms that create 3D maps that show correlation with the presence of oil in the ground. The data is then used together with conventional sub-surface analysis to assess how it fits in a geological setting, providing guidance for better decision-making.

The efficiency of RVD has been extensively tested in blind tests, live tests and actual drilling campaigns since 2009. Since its inception, the technology has undergone several revisions and improvements to refine its predictive capabilities.

With the support of RVD, the Group has achieved four commercial oil discoveries in Oman and Norway over the years Oman: the Yumna discovery in Block 50 Oman in 2014; and in Norway: the PL 338C Rolvsnes discovery in the North Sea in 2015, in the PL838 Shrek discovery in the Norwegian Sea in 2019, and in the PL263D/E Apollonia gas discovery in the Norwegian Sea in 2020.

The Group has been using the RVD technology extensively to de-risk farm-in opportunities and to select licences to apply for in Norway's Awards in Predefined Areas (APA) rounds. The technology has allowed the Lime Petroleum AS team of exploration geoscientists to focus on licences with RVD support and discard areas without, building up a portfolio of both discoveries and high potential prospects.

<!-- image -->

The technology has also proven to be highly accurate in predicting dry wells. By incorporating RVD into existing de-risking processes, oil exploration companies can increase the chances of finding oil whilst saving millions of dollars in futile capital expenditure drilling dry wells.

RVD has undergone continuous research and development (' R&amp;D ') over the years to improve processing speed, results resolution and accuracy. In 2022, Rex Technology Investments released its fifth major upgrade of its RVD software. RVDv5 is more resilient to seismic data processing and provide a higher degree of predictive capability and accuracy. The balanced integration of RVD with traditional geological models and geophysics attributes continues to be a core R&amp;D effort for the Rex Group's exploration and production teams.

## REX VIRTUAL DRILLING

Rex Virtual Drilling is a multi-attribute seismic analytical tool which studies dispersion events in the seismic data; utilising its proprietary, high-resolution spectral decomposition engine. This engine analyses frequencies in the seismic data with high accuracy, permitting detailed spectral analysis and subsequent dispersion calculations. Dispersion is an indicator for presence of reservoir rock. A positive dispersion signal may also provide information about the presence of the fluid type such as liquid hydrocarbons (oil).  The lack of dispersion signatures in the RVD data for a target location correlates with a 'tight rock' i.e. a rock without moveable liquid.

This allows geoscientists to further de-risk assets. RVD is therefore used for de-risking in all steps of the exploration and production value chain, from exploration de-risking and appraisal planning, and all the way to reservoir control.

In recent years, the Group has actively promoted RVD internationally, including with presentations made at various major oil &amp; gas events such as the Society of Exploration Geophysicists (SEG) workshop in Oman and the Society of Petroleum Engineers' Abu Dhabi International Petroleum Exhibition &amp; Conference (SPE ADIPEC). A paper on RVD, written for the SPE ADIPEC, is available on www.onepetro.org.

## REFERENCE CASES

The RVD software provides valuable information to help in the search for oil. The example section below from the Norwegian Barents Sea illustrates its usefulness in oil exploration. The graben area in the centre of the picture in green/blue indicates less dispersion and therefore less chance of finding oil. The adjacent areas in yellow indicate strong dispersion and therefore strong correlation with a presence of oil.

In a next step, the indications are assessed for congruence with a geological structures and other seismic attributes and interpretations. In this example, the RVD results suggest oil could have migrated towards the boundaries of the graben area, leaving the graben area empty. Structurally, the graben reservoir would be less likely to contain oil either due to oil arriving after the development of the graben, or because the seal above the graben has allowed oil to escape.

<!-- image -->

In another example from the Norwegian North Sea, we see how RVD can help with assessing potential fluid content and how it may correlate with up-dip pinch-outs:

<!-- image -->

Here, the RVD results indicate higher likelihood of hydrocarbons higher up in the structure. The results corroborate the common situation of oil migrating upwards in a structure. The seismic data suggest a pinch-out at target location and therefore an potential explanation why oil could be trapped as suggested by the RVD indications. Further downdip, the RVD indications for oil are weaker (green/blue), which correlate with a lack of oil and instead

Image: RVD results demonstrating increased values of dispersion higher up in structure, towards pinch-out. High chance of oil at the structural high and water further downdip. Possible approximate oil-water contact identified.

a presence of water in the reservoir. A potential oil-water contact point can also be identified.

These examples show the value of applying RVD analysis for the purpose of further de-risking of assets prior to drilling, saving costs and permitting investments where there is a higher chance of financial return.

## MILESTONES

## 2022

## 26 January

Rex obtained approval in-principle from the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ') in relation to the proposed transfer of its listing from the Catalist Board to the Mainboard of the SGX-ST.

## 24 February

A summary Qualified Person's Report (QPR) for the Yumna Field in Block 50 Oman is issued.

## 28 February

Rex adopts a dividend policy, which allows for dividends to be paid-out subject to eligibility, for evaluation of the Company's financial year results for the relevant period / year. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. Any recommendation for dividends to be paid will be tabled for Shareholders' approval at the Company's annual general meetings.

## 8 March

Rex commences trading on the Mainboard of the SGX-ST.

## 9 March

Masirah Oil Limited (' MOL ') announces the completion of the change-out of the floating storage tanker. The replacement will allow for the tanker to be in the field for several years without the need for dry-docking. A change-out of the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) with upgraded facilities onboard is also announced.

## 18 April

Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA ') acquires 40 per cent interests in licences PL820 S and PL820 SB in the North Sea. The PL820 S and PL820 SB licences with the Iving and Evra discoveries, lie on the Utsira High area adjacent to the giant Vår Energy-operated Balder Field, and just north of PL818 Orkja and PL867 Gjegnalunden in which Lime has 30 per cent and 20 per cent interests respectively.

## 28 April

Rex signs deeds of novation with PETRONAS, partner Duta Marine Sdn. Bhd. and the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary Pantai Rhu Energy Sdn Bhd (' PRE '), for PRE to replace the Company under the two Production Sharing Contracts (' PSCs ') in Malaysia. All provisions of the PSCs remain in full force and effect and binding.

## 4 May

Rex appoints three new directors to its Board as part of its Board renewal process. The new directors are: Ms Mae Heng, Independent NonExecutive Director and chairperson of the Audit Committee; Mr John d'Abo, Independent Non-Executive Director and member of the Nominating and Remuneration Committees; and Dr Mathias Lidgren, Non-Independent Non-Executive Director and member of the Nominating Committee.

<!-- image -->

## 22 June

LPA engages an exclusive manager to arrange fixed income investor meetings. The purpose of the new bond issue is refinancing of the existing NOK 500 million (approximately US$51 million) senior secured bonds with maturity in January 2024 (ISIN NO0011037343) and for acquisition purposes on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, as well as general working capital purposes.

## 29 June

LPA successfully raises a three-year senior secured bond issue of NOK 950 million (approximately US$96.7 million) after the bonds were fully subscribed.

## 1 July

LPA announces the farm-down by 10 per cent, its 40 per cent interests in licences PL820 S and PL 820 SB in the North Sea, as part of LPA's strategy to have balanced holdings in its portfolio of assets.

## 4 July

PRE engages the Carlingford division of GFI Securities Limited (' Carlingford ') as its exclusive mandated arranger of financing for the development of the Rhu-Ara Cluster and the Diwangsa Cluster (the ' Clusters ') located in offshore Peninsular Malaysia, in which the Group holds 95 per cent interests and operatorship.

## 21 July

Drilling of an exploration well at the Brage South prospect targeting the deeper reservoir sections in the producing Brage Field, in which LPA holds a 33.8434 per cent interest, has been completed without a discovery. The drilling of the prospect allows for economies of scale for a side-track of a production well in the Brage Field.

## 10 August

LPA enters into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire KUFPEC Norway AS's 10 per cent interest in the producing Yme Field on the Norwegian North Sea, for a post-tax consideration of US$68.053 million (about NOK 633 million).

## 1 November

LPA's acquisition of 40 per cent interests in licences PL820 S and PL 820 SB in the North Sea and its subsequent farm-down by 10 per cent of the same licences are completed, bringing its interests in the licences to 30 per cent.

## 11 November

The Yumna-4 Deep appraisal / exploration well in the Yumna Field is spudded, with dual objectives. The shallow objective will be to test the eastern extension of the Yumna Field which is productive from the Aruma Formation at about 1,700 metres.

<!-- image -->

After reaching the Aruma, the well will be deepened to the exploration objective which is a structural closure in the Khufai Formation at about 3,000 metres. The Khufai Formation is productive onshore Oman but is underexplored in the offshore area.

## 23 November

Rex proposes to undertake a capital reduction exercise pursuant to Section 78A read with Section 78C of the Companies Act 1967 of Singapore, to reduce the share capital of the Company by the cancellation of the share capital of the Company that has been lost or is unrepresented by available assets to the extent of the amount of the accumulated losses of the Company up to 31 December 2021 of US$168,096,000.

## 23 December

LPA's acquisition of a 10 per cent interest in the Repsol-operated Yme Field on the Norwegian North Sea, for a post-tax consideration of US$68.053 million from KUFPEC Norway AS is completed. The acquisition was concluded with an initial payment of US$55 million. Deferred payment of the balance, including the settlement costs, will be paid no later than 30 working days after the Completion. As part of the settlement, ABG Sundal Collier ASA has been engaged to raise NOK 250 million (approximately US$25.5 million) from the tap mechanism in the bond (ISIN NO0012559246) (the ' Tap '). The Tap will be raised during the month of January 2023, with ABG Sundal Collier ASA as underwriter.

## 30 December

Wholly-owned subsidiary Rex Technology Investments Pte Ltd (' RTI ') enters into a conditional subscription agreement with Xer Technologies Pte. Ltd. (' Xer ') to subscribe for 23,809 new shares in Xer, at a consideration of US$1 million (the ' Xer Subscription Shares ') and subsequent capital commitment of up to US$3 million. This will bring RTI's shareholding interest in the Singapore-registered commercial drone company from 40 per cent to approximately 53 per cent, making Xer a subsidiary of the Company.

Wholly-owned subsidiary Moroxite Holding Pte. Ltd. enters into a conditional share purchase agreement with Moroxite AB (' MA ') to purchase the entire issued share capital of medical technology company

<!-- image -->

Moroxite T AB (' Moroxite T '), comprising 1,000 shares, at a nominal consideration of SEK 1 (approximately US$0.10), with a commitment to invest up to an additional SEK 43.2 million (approximately US$4.12 million), subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions.

## 2023

## 9 January

MOL announces the completion of the 4Q 2022 drilling campaign which consisted of a workover of the Yumna-3 well to replace the electrical submersible pump and drilling of the Yumna-4 well, which was completed for production. Drilling of the well reached a total depth of 3,416 metres. Oil shows were encountered in the Khufai and 16.5 metres of core was recovered from the formation and had been sent to a laboratory for detailed analysis. Results of the core analysis will likely determine if additional drilling / evaluation of this Khufai prospect is justified.

## 11 January

LPA successfully raises NOK 250 million (approximately US$25.3 million) by tapping on its existing Lime Petroleum AS FRN Senior Secured Bond Issue 2022/2025 with ISIN NO0012559246 (the ' Bond ') in accordance with the loan agreement for the Bond (the ' Tap Issue '). After the Tap Issue is carried out, the total outstanding amount pertaining to the refinancing of the previous senior secured bonds and for the Yme acquisition, as well as general working capital purposes is NOK 1,200 million (approximately US$122 million).

## 13 January

LPA is offered participating interests in two new offshore licences in the 2022 Awards in Predefined Areas (APA) round in Norway.

## 10 February

A minor discovery in the PL867 Gjegnalundun well, in which LPA has a 20 per cent interest, is announced. LPA will work with the well results to identify further resources in PL867, and also to evaluate the results against the prospectivity in the neighbouring PL818 licence with the Orkja prospect, in which LPA has a 30 per cent share.

## 2 March

A summary Qualified Person's Report (QPR) for the Yumna Field in Block 50 Oman is issued.

## 21 March

Independent Summary QPRs for Brage Field and Yme Field in Norway are issued.

## OPERATIONS REVIEW

<!-- image -->

In 2022, the Group carried out major change-outs of the Floating Storage Tanker and Mobile Offshore Production Unit, resolved unforeseen operational issues and completed a dual-objective drilling campaign in Oman. In Norway, the Group's subsidiary acquired a 10 per cent interest in the Yme Field, its second production asset on the Norwegian Continental Shelf.

<!-- image -->

In 2022, Masirah Oil Ltd completed major change-outs of the Floating Storage Tanker and the Mobile Offshore Production Unit. These change-outs were essential and will allow these production facilities to serve until the field's end of life. A dual-objective drilling campaign was also completed towards the end of the year, during which a workover of the Yumna-3 well was performed to replace the faulty electrical submersible pump. The Yumna-4 well was drilled and completed for production.

## OVERVIEW

According to the US International Trade Administration, oil has been the driving force of the Omani economy since Oman began commercial production in 1967. The oil industry supports Oman's modern and expansive infrastructure, including electric utilities, roads, public education, and medical services.

Oman can produce upwards of one million barrels per day of crude oil and condensates, but honors OPEC+ quotas.

Oman's oil reserves primarily consist of heavy crude, and China is the predominant export market. Oman's government derives roughly 70 per cent of its annual budget from oil and gas revenues through taxation and joint ownership of some of the most productive fields, and the industry accounts for 30 per cent of Oman's gross domestic product. In June 2022, the Ministry of Energy and Minerals (MEM) announced that Oman's crude oil reserves stood at 5.2 billion barrels, and gas reserves at around 24 trillion cubic feet. MEM also announced that it had made new oil discoveries that would raise Oman's production by 50,000 to 100,000 barrels in the coming two to three years.

<!-- image -->

The 2020 oil price crash hit the sector hard, but it has recovered with a rebound in oil prices to above prepandemic levels. Oman's 2022 government budget estimated revenues of US$27.6 billion, based on average oil prices of US$50 per barrel, with oil and gas accounting for 42 and 26 per cent of total revenue, respectively. The government reported revenues of US$17.4 billion (and a US$2 billion surplus) in the first half of 2022 based on an average oil price of US$87 per barrel; and it is on track to record its first annual surplus in a decade. 1

Oman is the Middle East's biggest oil producer outside OPEC and exports its crude via the Mina al Fahal terminal in the Persian Gulf.

This second export facility at Ras Markaz can help the country deal with surplus production.

The Duqm Special Economic Zone and port is the site of several energy infrastructure projects under development and construction.

The storage park also can be a source of oil from Duqm refinery, which will be connected to the facility with an 80-km long pipeline and eight tanks built to store the refinery's crude. 2

## BLOCK 50 OMAN

It was reported in late December 2021 that Oman's Ras Markaz crude storage outside the strategic Strait of Hormuz will come onstream by the end of the second quarter of 2022 with an initial capacity of 26.7 million barrels, which could be later increased depending on demand from investors. Infrastructure to store crude at Ras Markaz in Duqm on the southern coast of Oman is already complete.

Block 50 is an offshore concession, approximately 17,000 sq km, located in Gulf of Masirah, east of Oman.

Masirah Oil Ltd (' MOL ') holds 100 per cent of the Block 50 Oman concession. Rex International Holding holds an effective interest of 91.81 per cent in MOL through the indirect wholly-owned subsidiary Rex Oman Ltd.

1 International Trade Administration (US), Oman - Country Commercial Guide (Oil &amp; Gas), 14 September 2022

2 S&amp;P Global Insights, Oman's Ras Markaz crude storage outside Strait of Hormuz to come onstream Q2, 29 December 2021

<!-- image -->

## 2022 OPERATIONS UPDATE

- Issued a summary Qualified Person's Report (QPR) for the Yumna Field in Block 50 Oman.
- Completed change-out of the Floating Storage Tanker. The replacement will allow for the tanker to be in the field for several years without the need for dry-docking.
- Completed change-out of the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) with upgraded facilities on-board.
- Commenced drilling of dual-objective appraisal / exploration well in the Yumna Field, to test the eastern extension of the Yumna Field which is productive from the Aruma Formation and to deepen the exploration objective in a structural closure in the Khufai Formation at about 3,000 metres.

## 2023

- Completed the 4Q 2022 drilling campaign which consisted of a workover of the Yumna-3 well to replace the electrical submersible pump and drilling of the Yumna-4 well, which was completed for production.
- Issued a summary Qualified Person's Report (QPR) for the Yumna Field in Block 50 Oman.

## Going forward

- MOL continues to optimise the production facilities and well operations.  Integration of the data collected during the drilling of the Yumna-4 well into the subsurface field model has expanded the potential resource.  During 2023, the MOL team in Muscat will implement a contracting strategy which conforms to the Ministry of Energy and Minerals procurement rules in preparation for drilling and completing additional wells to capture the additional resource.  In addition, a block wide review of exploration potential will be performed.  Based on the results of the review, planning of the acquisition of additional targeted seismic will be implemented.

## ABOUT THE YUMNA FIELD

Block 50 Oman is one of the first concessions secured by the founders of Rex International Holding before the Company's IPO. The Company's founders were involved in Lundin Petroleum's (then known as International Petroleum Corporation (IPC)) commercial oil discovery in the Bukha field, offshore Oman in 1986.

On 4 February 2014, an oil discovery was announced in Block 50 Oman. The second exploration well that was drilled in the concession had successfully reached the well target depth of more than 3,000 metres into the Cambrian formation. Hydrocarbons were discovered in several formations with good oil sample extracted.

The oil discovery is significant as it is the first offshore discovery east of Oman, after 30 years of exploration activity in the area and won the 'Offshore Discovery of the Year' award.

In 2017, the Karamah#1 well which was drilled identified a 5-metre oil bearing interval on the wireline logs and found hydrocarbon shows in several stratigraphic zones, confirming the presence of a working petroleum system in the block.

In July 2020, the Ministry of Oil and Gas in Oman (now renamed Ministry of Energy and Minerals) approved the Field Development Plan for the Yumna Field and awarded Declaration of Commerciality. The Yumna-1 well had produced more than one million barrels of oil by then and the first three cargoes of Masirah crude were sold in April, May and June 2020, following successful completion of liftings from the first offshore ship-to-ship transfers in Oman.

In November 2020, MOL awarded a drilling rig contract to Shelf Drilling, to utilise the Tenacious jackup rig, to drill two development wells and one exploration well in Block 50 Oman, starting from December 2020. In December 2020, a second development well in the Yumna Field was spudded.

Yumna-2 encountered 10 metres of Lower Aruma sandstone with a porosity of 21 per cent, proving that the good quality reservoir sand is extensive to the north of Yumna-1; the permeability is about 2,000 md. The reservoir pressure depletion over the first year of production was around 100 psi, confirming that excellent pressure support is provided by a strong aquifer. Production at Yumna-2 started on 23 January 2021.

Yumna-3, the third production well, targeting a crestal location in the field to the east and up-dip from the discovery well GAS-1, was drilled back-to-back from Yumna-2 in January 2021, even as the production facilities on the Yumna Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) were being upgraded to increase the liquid (i.e. oil and water) processing capacity to 30,000 bpd, to accommodate production from the three Yumna wells.

Following the successful drilling of the two development wells Yumna-2 and Yumna-3, three exploration wells were drilled near the Yumna Field as a five-well campaign with major cost savings. The results of the three exploration wells confirmed the extent of the good quality Lower Aruma sandstone and will help to refine the understanding of the trap mechanisms in the area.

In the fourth quarter of 2022, MOL commenced a drilling campaign which was completed in early 2023. The drilling campaign consisted of a workover of the Yumna-3 well to replace the electrical submersible pump and drilling of the Yumna-4 well, which was completed for production. Drilling of the well reached a total depth of 3,416 metres. Oil shows were encountered in the Khufai Formation and 16.5 metres of core was recovered from the formation and had been sent to a laboratory for detailed analysis. Results of the core analysis will likely determine if additional drilling/evaluation of this Khufai prospect is justified.

<!-- image -->

In 2022, subsidiary Lime Petroleum AS's most significant transaction was its acquisition of a 10 per cent interest in the producing Yme Field, further strengthening the company's position as a full-fledged exploration and production player in the Norwegian Continental Shelf, following its acquisition of a 33.8434 per cent interest in the producing Brage Field in 2021. To partly finance the transaction, a three-year senior secured bond issue of NOK 1,200 million (approximately US$122 million) has been put in place. In 2022, the company also acquired 40 per cent interests and subsequently farmed down to 30 per cent interests in two discovery licences, and participated in the drilling of an exploration well in the Brage Field.

## OVERVIEW

According to the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate (NPD), a total of about 230 million Sm 3   of oil equivalents was produced on the Norwegian Continental Shelf in 2022 which corresponds to around 4 million barrels per day; similar to that in 2021. This consistently high production level can be attributed to three main factors, the first of which is the high number (93) of producing fields on the Shelf. The second phase of the Johan Sverdrup development came on stream in the North Sea in December 2022.

Sources:

NPD website: http://www.npd.no/

Norwegian Petroleum Directorate, Investments for the future on the Shelf , 16 January 2023

The Nova Field has commenced production, and Njord has started up following modification work. Several new fields are projected to start producing in the years to come. And finally, older fields are producing longer, and producing more, than previously expected.

The authorities received plans for 13 new developments (PDOs), as well as several plans for projects aimed at increasing recovery near existing fields or extending field lifetimes. Decisions have also been made to approve major investments on existing fields.

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

According to figures provided to the NPD by the licensees, this entails total investments of around NOK 300 billion delivering an overall present value of NOK 200 billion. Together this amounts to a growth in reserves of 252 million Sm 3   of oil equivalents, half of which is gas.

In 2022, 32 exploration wells were completed, of which 28 were wildcats. There were 11 discoveries, but some of these were smaller than expected, resulting in a lower resource growth than in the three previous years.

In January 2023, 47 new production licences were awarded in the Awards in predefined areas (APA) 2022.

Norwegian petroleum activities are subject to a stringent framework for emissions to air and discharges to sea. New fields are either developed with an alternative power supply or tied back to existing infrastructure. The industry is also making good progress in energy efficiency measures to help reduce emissions even while production increases.

There is also growing interest in acreage for injection and storage of CO 2 . In 2022, the authorities awarded three exploration licences for storage of CO 2 , one in the Barents Sea and two in the North Sea. The initial objective of these licences is to determine whether these areas are suitable for CO 2 storage.

All of Norway's oil reserves are located offshore on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, which is divided into three sections: the North Sea, the Norwegian Sea, and the Barents Sea. The bulk of Norway's oil production occurs in the North Sea. New exploration and production activity is taking place further north in the Norwegian Sea and Barents Sea.

## STRATEGY

Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA ') was established in 2012 with offices at Skøyen in Oslo. The company was pre-qualified as a licence holder in February 2013 and has since built a portfolio of assets focusing on mature areas, following a technology and infrastructure-led strategy.

LPA has used the Group's Rex Virtual Drilling (' RVD ') technology to select and build a portfolio of investments in the Norwegian Continental Shelf.  The licences are in oilprolific areas that already have producing fields and pipeline infrastructure in place, allowing for a  rapid path to potential commercialisation and return on investment when more oil discoveries are made in LPA's assets.

## LICENCES

LPA is 91.65 per cent directly held by Rex's wholly-owned subsidiary Rex International Investments Pte Ltd.

| LICENCE/ FIELD  LOCATION  LIME  NORWAY'S  STAKE  REX'S  EFFECTIVE  STAKE IN  LICENCE  HOLDING  ENTITY  OPERATOR  OTHER PARTNERS  EXPIRY DATE  PRODUCING ASSETS  Brage Field  PL053B  PL055  PL055B  PL055D  PL055E  PL185  North Sea  33.8434%  31.0%  OKEA ASA  DNO Norge AS  Vår Energi AS  MVest Energy AS  06.04.2030  06.04.2030  06.04.2030  06.04.2030  06.04.2030  06.04.2030  Yme Field  PL316  North Sea  10.00%  9.17%  Repsol Norge AS  LOTOS Exploration and  Production Norge AS  OKEA ASA  18.06.2030  DISCOVERY ASSETS  PL820S Iving/  Evra  North Sea  30.00%  27.5%  Vår Energi ASA  AkerBP ASA  Pandion Energy AS  Wintershall Dea Norge  AS  05.02.2024  PL820SB Iving/  Evra  North Sea  30.00%  27.5%  Vår Energi ASA  AkerBP ASA  Pandion Energy AS  Wintershall Dea Norge  AS  05.02.2024  PL838 Shrek  Norwegian Sea  30.0%  27.5%  Aker BP ASA  PGNiG Upstream  Norway AS  05.08.2023  PL1125 Falk/  Linerle  Norwegian Sea  50%  45.8%  OKEA ASA  ---  19.02.2024  EXPLORATION ASSETS  PL 818 Orkja  North Sea  30.0%  27.5%  Aker BP ASA  Equinor Energy AS  05.02.2026  PL818B Orkja  North Sea  30.0%  27.5%  Aker BP ASA  Equinor Energy AS  05.02.2026  PL838B Felicia  Norwegian Sea  30.0%  27.5%  PGNiG Upstream Norway AS  AkerBP ASA  01.03.2028  PL867  Gjegnalunden  North Sea  20.0%  18.3%  Aker BP ASA  ---  10.02.2027  PL867B  North Sea  20.0%  18.3%  Aker BP ASA  ---  10.02.2027  PL1093 El Teide /  Timanfaya  North Sea  20.0%  18.3%  Harbour Energy Norge AS  Petoro AS  19.02.2028  PL1178  North Sea  50.0%  45.8%  OKEA ASA  ---  ---  PL1190  Norwegian Sea  30.0%  27.5%  Harbour Energy  PGNiG  ---   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## 2022 OPERATIONS UPDATE

- Added an additional development project by acquiring 40 per cent interests in licences PL820 S and PL 820 SB in the North Sea. The licences with the Iving and Evra discoveries, lie on the northern end of the Utsira High area adjacent to the giant Vår Energy-operated Balder field, and just north of PL818 Orkja and PL867 Gjegnalunden in which LPA has 30 per cent and 20 per cent interests respectively.
- Farmed down by 10 per cent, LPA's 40 per cent interests in licences PL820 S and PL 820 SB, to Vår Energy, as part of LPA's strategy to have balanced holdings in its portfolio of assets.
- Engaged an exclusive manager to arrange fixed income investor meetings for a new bond issue to refinance the existing NOK 500 million (approximately US$51 million) senior secured bonds with maturity in January 2024 (ISIN NO0011037343) and for acquisition purposes on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, as well as general working capital purposes.
- Raised a three-year senior secured bond issue of NOK 1,250 million and issued NOK 950 million of the bond (approximately US$96.7 million) in 2022, with the possibility of tapping into the remaining NOK 300 million at a later date.
- Terminated and repaid the Senior Secured Bond NOK 500,000,000 (ISIN NO0011037343) with maturity in January 2024.
- Participated in the drilling of an exploration well at the Brage South prospect targeting the deeper reservoir sections in the producing Brage Field, which was completed without a discovery. The drilling of the prospect allowed for economies of scale for a sidetrack of a production well in the Brage Field, keeping exploration costs low.
- Completed a purchase transaction to acquire 10 per cent interest in the oil producing Yme Field on the Norwegian North Sea, NOK 538.6 million.
- As a consortium member, completed phase 1C of Carbon Capture and Storage, identifying a potentially viable injection site on the Norwegian Continental Shelf. The project will continue into 2023 with LPA's two other partners.
- Completed acquisition of a 10 per cent interest in the Yme Field with an initial payment of US$55 million. As part of the settlement, ABG Sundal Collier ASA was engaged to raise NOK 250 million (approximately US$25.3 million) from the tap mechanism in the bond (ISIN NO0012559246) (the ' Tap ') in January 2023, with ABG Sundal Collier ASA as underwriter.
- Strengthened its capital structure by a  shareholder loan  from its shareholder Rex of NOK 49 million in December 2022.

## Brage Field (LPA's interest: 33.8434 per cent)

- OKEA successfully took over operatorship of the Brage Field from Wintershall DEA on 1 November 2022.
- The scheduled maintenance stop was postponed from May to September 2022. No significant issues with the facility were found during the maintenance stop. However, bringing production levels back up after the shutdown proved to be more time consuming than anticipated, especially for gas production.
- Production efficiency for 2022 was approximately 85 per cent, which was mostly due to the scheduled revision stop (turnaround). The production efficiency is expected to be well above 90 per cent in the coming years.
- Throughout 2022, 27 wells were active out of which 22 were producers, four were water injectors and one was a water producer used for sourcing Utsira formation water for water injection.
- The gross production on Brage field in 2022 was 2.66 MMboe or 0.90 MMboe net to LPA. This translates in average gross daily production of 7,287 boepd or 2,465 boepd net to LPA.
- The Brage South well was concluded in July 2022, 20 days ahead of schedule, and the targets were found to be dry. The well is now planned to be side-tracked to a Fensfjord Formation production target in the first quarter of 2023.  After the maintenance stop, drilling of the A-11 well with multiple targets in the Talisker area (proven in 2021) was initiated.
- Three additional infill wells are currently planned, one of which will test an exploration target on the southwestern flank of the field.

<!-- image -->

## Yme Field (LPA's interest: 10 per cent)

- Throughout 2022, Yme went through an extended commissioning phase. This includes drilling both from the production rig (Yme Inspirer) on the main structure (Gamma) at Yme and from the Valeris Viking on the satellite structure (Beta).
- Drilling on the Beta structure concluded at the end of 2022, while drilling on the Gamma structure from the Yme Inspirer rig is ongoing and will continue in 2023 with three further wells.
- Clean-up and testing of existing wells, and phasing in of newly drilled wells will continue into 2023.
- The commissioning phase at the Yme Field has been challenging and the field has experienced several shutdowns during 2022. The Operator indicates that Production Efficiency will gradually increase through 2023. Currently production levels are in line with the Operator's expectations, and ahead of LPA's forecast.
- Plateau production was initially expected to be reached in the fourth quarter of 2022. However, it is now expected in mid-2023. Production improved significantly through December 2022, reaching a monthly average of 14,000 bopd from four wells, with a peak production level reached in late-December of 29,680 bopd from eight wells.

## PL820 S Iving/Evra (LPA's interest: 30 per cent)

- LPA has conducted a feasibility study on behalf of the licence for further appraising and developing the Iving and Evra discoveries.
- LPA will work closely with the operator Vår Energi on further maturing the discoveries. This may result in drilling operations in 2024 or 2025.

## Shrek, Fogelberg and Falk

- The licence partnership on PL433 (Fogelberg) decided to relinquish the licence rather than move forward with a plan for development and operation (PDO) in 2022. The licence was fully impaired by the end of 2022.
- Similarly, PL1111 was relinquished and fully impaired. A PDO in PL838 for the Shrek discovery was not submitted as expected in 2022. The discovery will now be considered with another development solution, and the licence partners are currently reviewing further exploration opportunities within the licence.
- The PL1125 licence partnership has found that there is not a strong basis to develop the Falk discovery as a stand-alone field. LPA is working on maturing further prospects within the licence to add material volumes to a potential Falk development.

## PL867/B Gjegnalunden (LPA's interest: 20 per cent)

- Drilling operations on the Gjegnalunden prospect, for which AkerBP is the Operator with 80 per cent, concluded in February 2023, with a minor discovery. Work will be ongoing in 2023 to evaluate the discovery and its impact on other prospects in the area, including Orkja in neighbouring PL818.

<!-- image -->

According to the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate, there are 2.5 million Sm 3  of oil equivalent or 15.7 mmboe of remaining reserves in the Brage Field. Accordingly, giving LPA net 2P Reserves of about 5.32 mmboe. Based on the gross production on the Brage Field in 2022, production averaged 2,465 boepd net to LPA.

## Development

Brage is a field in the northern part of the North Sea, 10 kilometres east of the Oseberg field. The water depth is 140 metres. Brage was discovered in 1980 and production started in 1993. The field is developed with an integrated production, drilling and accommodation facility with a steel jacket. Oil and gas is separated on the platform.  Oil is piped through the Oseberg Transport System (OTS) to the Sture terminal.  Gas is transported through Statpipe to Kårstø.

## Status

Brage has been producing for a long time, and work is still ongoing to find new ways of increasing recovery from the field. New wells are being drilled, both production wells and exploration wells.

Source: Norwegian Production Directorate website, Field: BRAGE - Factpages - NPD

## Reservoir

Brage produces oil from sandstone of Early Jurassic age in the Statfjord Group, and sandstone of Middle Jurassic age in the Brent Group and the Fensfjord Formation. There is also oil and gas in Upper Jurassic sandstone in the Sognefjord Formation. The reservoirs lie at a depth of 2,000 to 2,300 metres. The reservoir quality varies from poor to excellent.

## Brage Climate Response Programme

The licence is considering options to bring down the field's carbon footprint, including electrification of the platform.

<!-- image -->

According to the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate, remaining reserves in the Yme Field stand at 8.71 million Sm 3  of oil equivalent i.e. there are remaining 2P Reserves of about 5.5 mmboe in the Yme Field net to LPA. With this reserve base, the field has gone through a complete redevelopment, and production started again in October 2021. Plateau production was initially expected to be reached in the fourth quarter of 2022. However, it is now expected in mid-2023. Production improved significantly through December 2022, reaching a monthly average of 14,000 bopd, from four wells, with a peak production level reached in late-December of 29,680 bopd.

## Development

Yme, discovered in 1987, is a field in the southeastern part of the Norwegian sector of the North Sea, 130 kilometres northeast of the Ula field. The water depth is 100 metres. The field comprises two separate main structures, Gamma and Beta, which are 12 kilometres apart. Production started in 1996 but ceased in 2001 because operation of the field was at the time no longer regarded as profitable, however there were significant remaining reserves. Yme was redeveloped with a jack-up rig (Yme Inspirer) equipped with drilling and production facilities installed on the main structure (Gamma), and with subsea tie-back of wells from the Beta structure. Oil is stored in a subsea tank before shipping to market.  Gas and water is reinjected into the reservoir.

Source: Norwegian Production Directorate website, Field: YME - Factpages - NPD

## Status

Production started again in October 2021, and production levels are rising as new wells are being added.

## Reservoir

The reservoir contains oil in two separate main structures, Gamma and Beta. The structures comprise six deposits. The reservoirs are in sandstone of Middle Jurassic age in the Sandnes Formation, at a depth of 3,150 metres. They are heterogeneous and have variable reservoir properties.

<!-- image -->

Rex International was awarded 95 per cent interests and operatorship of two Production Sharing Contracts (PSCs) by Petroliam Nasional Berhad (PETRONAS) in Malaysia in 2021. These PSCs are related to the development and production of the Rhu-Ara and the Diwangsa Clusters (the ' Clusters ') located in offshore Peninsular Malaysia. The RhuAra Cluster contains two discovered oil fields and the Diwangsa Cluster contains four discovered oil fields. The Clusters are awarded following the Malaysia Bid Round 2020.

## OVERVIEW

Malaysia is the second-largest oil producer in Southeast Asia and the world's third largest exporter of liquefied natural gas (LNG). At the end of 2020, the country held proved oil reserves of 2.7 billion barrels and natural gas deposits totalling 32.1 trillion cubic feet. The country's oil and gas reserves are located mainly offshore in the South China Sea, near the coasts of the states of Kelantan, Terengganu, Sarawak, and Sabah. 1

According to data compiled by the US Energy Information Administration (EIA), in 2020, the country's total liquid fuel production was close to 655,000 barrels per day (b/d), of which about 556,000 b/d was estimated to be crude oil and 49,000 b/d was natural gas plant liquids (NGPL). 1

Petronas holds stakes in most of the oil and natural gas blocks in Malaysia, and Petronas financial contributions to government revenue in the form of taxes, dividends, and cash payments comprised about 35 per cent of total government revenue in 2019. 2

According to the Oil &amp; Gas Journal (OGJ), Malaysia held proved oil reserves of 3.6 billion barrels as of January 2020, the fourth-largest reserves in Asia Pacific after China, India, and Vietnam. Nearly all of Malaysia's oil comes from offshore fields. 2

1  ISEAS - Yusof Ishak Institute (ISEAS) (formerly Institute of Southeast Asian Studies),  2022/21 'Malaysia's Oil and Gas Sector: Constant Expectations despite Diminishing Returns' by Pritish Bhattacharya and Francis E. Hutchinson, ISEAS Perspective 2022/21, 2 March 2022

2  US Energy Information Administration, Country Analysis Executive Summary: Malaysia, 25 January 2021

<!-- image -->

## THE RHU-ARA AND THE DIWANGSA CLUSTERS

In 2021, Rex International was awarded 95 per cent interests and operatorship of two PSCs by PETRONAS, Malaysia's national oil corporation. These PSCs are related to the development and production of the Rhu-Ara and the Diwangsa Clusters located in offshore Peninsular Malaysia. The Rhu-Ara Cluster contains two discovered oil fields and the Diwangsa Cluster contains four discovered oil fields.

The Rhu-Ara Cluster, consisting of Rhu and Ara fields, lies within the Penyu Basin 150km off the coast of oil centre Kerteh, Terengganu. The Diwangsa Cluster, which lies in the northwestern side of the Malay Basin, comprises Diwangsa, Bubu, Korbu and Lerek fields. These previously discovered fields have total estimated recoverables of 12.7 MMstb for the Rhu-Ara Cluster and 10.7 MMstb for the Diwangsa Cluster. Both clusters are now primed for development under the SFA PSC terms which incorporates a simplified fiscal model and governance process.

The award of these two new Small Field Asset (SFA) PSCs marks Rex's maiden entry into Malaysia's upstream industry, in partnership with local company Duta Marine Sdn Bhd (Duta Marine), which will hold the remaining 5 per cent. Rex brings to the table significant operating experience and expertise in developing and producing small oil fields in the Middle East as well as participation in joint ventures in the North Sea.

The fields were offered during the Malaysia Bid Round 2020 based on the SFA fiscal terms introduced in the same year that intensifies PETRONAS' commitment to monetising small discovered resource opportunities in Malaysian waters. The new SFA PSC terms include an up-to-two-year predevelopment phase followed by a two-year development and a 10-year production period. Over the next two years, the Group's focus will be on the pre-development phase of the Clusters.

PETRONAS Press Release, PETRONAS Intensifies Malaysia's Small Fields Development, Awards Two New Production Sharing Contracts | PETRONAS Global, 30 August 2021

## RESERVES &amp; RESOURCES

## YUMNA FIELD, OMAN

The following reserves table has been extracted from the Summary Qualified Person's Report (' QPR ') prepared by the Group's in-house qualified person, Mr Lars B. Hübert. With reference to the Company's announcement on 3 March 2022, an extract from the summary QPR of the reserves of the Yumna Field which is attributable to MOL, a subsidiary in which the Company has an indirect 91.81 per cent interest, is provided below:

| Category  Gross  Attributable  to Licence  (MMstb)  1,  2  MOL Net Entitlement Volume  2,   3  Rex Net Entitlement Volume  2,   3  Previous  Report  (MMstb) 4  Current  Report  (MMstb) 5  % Change  from  Previous  Update  Previous  Report  (MMstb) 4  Current  Report  (MMstb) 5  % Change  from  Previous  Update  Risk  Factors 6  Remarks  Low 1P  5.6  2.7  3.6  +33%  2.5  3.3  +32%  N/A  Change due to  production 5 ,  maturation  of reserves  and updated  volumetrics  Base 2P  8.7  4.0  5.5  +38%  3.7  5.0  +36%  N/A  Change due to  production 5 ,  maturation  of reserves  and updated  volumetrics  High 3P  10.3  4.6  6.5  +41%  4.2  6.0  +43%  N/A  Change due  to transfer to  production 5 ,  maturation  of reserves  and updated  volumetrics   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Gross field Reserves (100% basis) after economic limit test as of 31 December 2022
2. Economic cut off year for the 1P, 2P and 3P reserves in 2028
3. Company net entitlement Reserves after economic limit test
4. Volume as at 31 December 2021
5. Volume after subtraction of net entitlement production of 850 MMstb gross from 1 January 2022 until 31 December 2022 plus upgrade and maturation of reserves
6. No risk is applied to Reserves

MMstb: Million stock tank barrels

- 1P Proven reserves have high degree of certainty to be recovered from reservoirs under existing conditions. There is relatively little risk associated with such reserves.
- 2P Proven &amp; Probable reserves have at least a 50% probability that reserves will be recovered. This is determined after analysing geological and engineering data.
- 3P Proven, Probable &amp; Possible reserves has a low degree of certainty to be recovered. There is relatively high risk associated with these reserves.

## Name of Qualified Person: Lars B. Hübert

Date: 2 March 2023

Professional Society Affiliation / Membership: American Association of Petroleum Geologists and the Society of Petroleum Engineers

As of 31 December 2022, the Yumna Field had produced 7.1 MMstb. Based on the recoverable reserve estimate from the 2022 internal work, the remaining reserves are presented in the table above. Remaining 2P gross reserves in the Yumna Field had increased to 8.7 MMstb. The produced volumes have been subtracted from the updated remaining reserves volumes for each of the three cases (Low, Base, High) on a gross basis attributable to the licence, and on a net entitlement basis to MOL (as presented in the table above). The QPR was prepared on a voluntary basis.

## BRAGE AND YME FIELDS, NORWAY

The following reserves and contingent resources tables have been extracted from the Independent Summary QPRs dated 21 March 2023, prepared by AGR energy Services AS.

With reference to the Company's announcement on 21 March 2023, extracts from the Independent QPRs of the reserves and contingent resources in the Brage Field and Yme Field in Norway, in which Rex's 91.65 per cent subsidiary LPA holds 33.8434 per cent and 10 per cent respectively, are provided below:

## Brage Field

| Category  Gross Attributable to  Licence (MMbbl/Bcf)  Net Attributable  (33.8434%  LPA share)  Net Attributable  (91.652% Rex Int  share of LPA)  Risk  Factors 2  Remarks  (MMbbl / Bcf)  (MMbbl / Bcf)  % Change  from  previous  update  RESERVES  Oil Reserves  1P  5.88  1.99  1.82  -  N.A.  -  2P  7.02  2.38  2.18  -  N.A.  -  3P  10.72  3.63  3.33  -  N.A.  -  Natural Gas Reserves  1P  10.01  3.39  3.10  -  N.A.  -  2P  14.86  5.03  4.61  -  N.A.  -  3P  21.16  7.16  6.56  -  N.A.  -  Natural Gas Liquids Reserves  1P  0.77  0.26  0.24  -  N.A.  -  2P  1.14  0.39  0.35  -  N.A.  -  3P  1.63  0.55  0.50  -  N.A.  -  CONTINGENT RESOURCES  Oil  1C  5.48  1.85  1.70  -  0.48  Weighted average of  three projects  2C  9.73  3.29  3.02  -  0.48  3C  13.96  4.72  4.33  -  0.48  Natural Gas  1C  16.20  5.48  5.03  -  0.48  -  2C  16.67  5.64  5.17  -  0.48  -  3C  16.61  5.62  5.15  -  0.48  -  Natural Gas Liquids  1C  1.27  0.43  0.39  -  0.48  -  2C  1.30  0.44  0.40  -  0.48  -  3C  1.30  0.44  0.40  -  0.48  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Net Attributable to Issuer means the Company's effective working interest share under the respective production licence. The Company is entitled to a full share of these volumes. LPA's shareholders are Rex International Investments Pte. Ltd. (at 91.652%), a wholly owned subsidiary of Rex International Holding Limited, and Schroder &amp; Co Banque SA (at 8.348%).

2. Applicable to Resources. "Risk Factor" for Contingent Resources means the estimated chance, or probability, that the volumes will be commercially extracted.

## Yme Field

| Category  Gross Attributable to  Licence  (MMbbl / Bcf)  Net Attributable  (10.00%  LPA share)  Net Attributable  (91.652% Rex Int  Share of LPA)  Risk  Factors 2  Remarks  (MMbbl / Bcf)  (MMbbl / Bcf)  %Change  From  Previous  Update  RESERVES  Oil Reserves  1P  25.79  2.58  2.36  -  N.A.  -  2P  54.67  5.47  5.01  -  N.A.  -  3P  58.08  5.81  5.32  -  N.A.  -  Natural Gas Reserves  1P  -  -  -  -  -  -  2P  -  -  -  -  -  -  3P  -  -  -  -  -  -  Natural Gas Liquids Reserves  1P  -  -  -  -  -  -  2P  -  -  -  -  -  -  3P  -  -  -  -  -  -  CONTINGENT RESOURCES  Oil  1C  1.50  0.15  0.14  -  0.50  Immature  projects  2C  3.00  0.30  0.27  -  0.50  3C  4.50  0.45  0.41  -  0.50  Natural Gas  1C  -  -  -  -  -  -  2C  -  -  -  -  -  -  3C  -  -  -  -  -  -  Natural Gas Liquids  1C  -  -  -  -  -  -  2C  -  -  -  -  -  -  3C  -  -  -  -  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

1. Net Attributable to Issuer means the Company's effective working interest share under the respective production licence. The Company is entitled to a full share of these volumes. LPA's shareholders are Rex International Investments Pte. Ltd. (at 91.652%), a wholly owned subsidiary of Rex International Holding Limited, and Schroder &amp; Co Banque SA (at 8.348%)

2. Applicable to Resources. "Risk Factor" for Contingent Resources means the estimated chance, or probability, that the volumes will be commercially extracted.

MMbbl: Millions of barrels Bcf: Billions of cubic feet

1P: Proved

2P: Proved + Probable

3P: Proved + Probable + Possible

Name of Qualified Person: Steinar S. Johansen

Date: 21 March 2023

Professional Society Affiliation / Membership: Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), European Association of Geoscientists and Engineers (EAGE), London Petrophysical Society (LPS), CFA Institute

## SHREK DISCOVERY, NORWAY

The following resources table has been extracted from the Independent QPR dated 20 March 2020, prepared by RPS Group Plc.

With reference to the Company's announcement on 23 March 2020, an extract from the Independent QPR of the contingent resources in PL838 in Norway, where the Shrek discovery was made in 2019, is provided below.

LPA holds a 30 per cent working interest in the asset. There has been no material change since the Independent QPR.

| Contingent Resources - Oil 2  MMcm  MMstb  MMcm  MMstb  MMcm  MMstb  1C  1.65  10  0.50  3.1  N.A.  0.46  2.84  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  2C  2.42  15  0.73  4.6  N.A.  0.67  4.22  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  3C  3.55  22  1.07  6.7  N.A.  0.98  6.14  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Contingent Resources - Gas 2,3  Bcm  Bscf  Bcm  Bscf  Bcm  Bscf  1C  0.68  24  0.20  7.2  N.A.  0.18  6.60  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  2C  0.97  34  0.29  10.0  N.A.  0.27  9.17  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  3C  1.40  50  0.42  15.0  N.A.  0.38  13.75  N.A.  N.A.  N.A.  Category  Gross  Attributable  to Licence  LPA's 30% Working Interest  Rex's 91.65% interest in LPA  Risk  Factors 1  Remarks  Contingent Resources  Contingent Resources  % Change  from  Previous  Update  Contingent Resources  % Change  from  Previous  Update   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Given the early stage of assessment of development options and the recent change of operator, RPS does not deem it appropriate to assign a change of development.
2. Total of individual reservoirs summed statistically. An arithmetic summation of individual 1C, 2C and 3C quantities will not produce a total 1C, 2C and 3C. Statistical aggregation takes into account all outcomes. The process of statistical addition will, as a result of the central limit theorem, produce a 1C that is greater than the arithmetic sum of all 1C quantities and a 3C that is less than the arithmetic sum of all 3C quantities and do not add arithmetically.
3. Volumes include free and associated gas.

MMcm: Millions cubic metres MMstb: Million stock tank barrels (at 14.7 PSI and 60 o F) Bcm: Billion cubic metres Bscf: Billions of standard cubic feet

Name of Qualified Person: Gordon Taylor

Date: 20 March 2020

Professional Society Affiliation / Membership: Geological Society, Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining, AAPG Division of Professional Affairs and the Society of Petroleum Engineers

## FALK DISCOVERY, NORWAY

The following resources table has been extracted from the Independent QPR dated 22 April 2021, prepared by RPS Group Plc.

With reference to the Company's announcement on 22 April 2021, an extract from the Independent QPR of the contingent resources in PL1125 in Norway, where the Falk discovery was made in 2000, is provided below.

LPA holds a 50 per cent working interest in the asset. There has been no material change since the Independent QPR.

| Category  Gross Attributable to  Licence  LPA's 50% Working Interest  Rex's Interest  (91.65% in LPA)  Risk  Factors 1  Remarks  Contingent Resources  Contingent Resources  % Change  from  Previous  Update  Contingent Resources  Contingent Resources - Oil  MMcm  MMstb  MMcm  MMstb  MMcm  MMstb  1C  2.77  17.40  1.39  8.70  N.A.  1.27  7.97  N.A.  -  2C  4.42  27.80  2.21  13.90  N.A.  2.03  12.74  N.A.  -  3C  6.86  43.20  3.43  21.60  N.A.  3.14  19.80  N.A.  -  Contingent Resources - Gas 2  Bcm  Bscf  Bcm  Bscf  Bcm  Bscf  1C  0.08  2.89  0.04  1.45  N.A.  0.04  1.33  N.A.  -  2C  0.13  4.67  0.07  2.34  N.A.  0.06  2.14  N.A.  -  3C  0.21  7.32  0.11  3.66  N.A.  0.10  3.35  N.A.  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

1. Given the early stage of assessment of development options, RPS does not deem it appropriate to assign a chance of development.

2. Associated gas only.

MMcm: Millions cubic metres MMstb: Million stock tank barrels Bcm: Billion cubic metres Bscf: Billions of standard cubic feet

Name of Qualified Person: Gordon Taylor

Date: 22 April 2021

Professional Society Affiliation / Membership: Geological Society, Institute of Materials, Minerals and Mining, AAPG Division of Professional Affairs and the Society of Petroleum Engineers

Rex International Holding Limited 47 Rex International Holding Limited 47

coMPACT

DRILLER

Yumna Field, Oman

## FINANCIAL REVIEW

## PROFIT FOR THE YEAR AND ADJUSTED EBITDA

The Group recorded a profit after tax of US$0.35 million in the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '), as compared to profit after tax of US$78.94 million in the corresponding financial year ended 31 December 2021 (' FY2021 ').

Adjusted EBITDA #  for FY2022 was a positive US$61.65 million as compared to a positive US$111.20 million for FY2021.

## REVENUE AND COST OF SERVICES

Revenue from sale of crude oil increased to US$170.26 million in FY2022, from US$158.44 million in FY2021, from the sale of crude oil from the Yumna Field (after the Oman government take) and the Brage Field. The increase in revenue was due to inclusion of oil liftings from the Brage Field in Norway (the acquisition of which was completed on 31 December 2021) and an increase in the average realised oil price sold from US$67 per barrel in FY2021 to US$88 per barrel in FY2022 for the sale of crude oil from the Yumna Field in Oman. The increase in revenue was partially offset by a decrease in the volume of oil lifted and sold from the Yumna Field in FY2022, due to production stoppages for the planned major change-outs and upgrades made to the production facilities from February 2022 to April 2022 and unforeseen operational issues in June and November 2022 in both Oman and Norway.

Production and operating expenses increased to US$73.96 million in FY2022, from US$25.55 million in FY2021, mainly due to 1) inclusion of production costs from the Brage Field in Norway and 2) an increase in production costs in Oman from the planned change-out of the floating storage tanker and the planned change-out of the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) with upgraded facilities onboard.

Depletion of oil and gas properties decreased to US$28.25 million in FY2022, from US$36.24 million in FY2021, due to the decrease in volume of oil lifted and sold in Oman in FY2022.

Exploration and evaluation expenditure (excluding impairment of exploration and evaluation assets) decreased to US$3.23 million in FY2022, from US$11.91 million in FY2021, mainly due to one-off expensed exploration costs of US$9.73 million in Oman for three exploration wells that were deemed non-commercial in FY2021.

Impairment of exploration and evaluation assets of US$24.29 million in FY2022 relates to the relinquishment of licences PL937, PL433 and PL1111 in Norway, while impairment of exploration and evaluation assets of US$1.02 million in FY2021 relates to the relinquishment of licence PL1062 in Norway.

## ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

Administrative expenses remained fairly consistent in both financial years, US$28.57 million and US$29.11 million in FY2022 and FY2021 respectively.

## OTHER EXPENSES/OTHER INCOME

Other expenses of US$3.44 million recorded in FY2022 was mainly due to 1) unrealised fair value loss of quoted investments of US$2.79 million, as a result of the poor performance in the bond and equity markets in Europe, and 2) loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment of US$0.51 million. Other expenses in FY2021 was negligible.

Other income of US$0.62 million recorded in FY2022 was due to realised gain from the disposal of quoted investments. Comparatively, other income of US$20.83 million recorded in FY2021 was mainly due to 1) bargain purchase of US$18.24 million from acquisition of the Brage Field, and 2) recovery of bad debts previously written-off of US$1.72 million.

## NET FINANCE COSTS

Finance income remained fairly consistent in both financial years, US$0.74 million and US$0.73 million in FY2022 and FY2021 respectively.

Finance costs increased to US$14.77 million in FY2022, from US$3.64 million in FY2021, due to the issuance of senior secured bonds by a subsidiary.

Net foreign exchange loss increased to US$1.45 million in FY2022, from US$0.71 million in FY2021 due to the weakening of the Norwegian Kroner and Euro against the United States dollar in FY2022. A portion of the quoted investments were denominated in Euro.

## TAXATION

The Group recorded tax credits of US$6.96 million and US$9.52 million in FY2022 and FY2021 respectively, in relation to refundable tax arising from exploration costs incurred in Norway.

#  Adjusted EBITDA = Earnings - depletion of oil and gas properties - amortisation of intangible assets - taxes - interest expense and income - impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets

## NON-CURRENT ASSETS

Non-current assets of the Group increased to US$427.96 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$349.99 million as at 31 December 2021. The increase was mainly due to 1) an increase in oil and gas properties and recognition of US$31.91 million goodwill from the acquisition of the Yme Field in Norway, and 2) further investment in an associate.

## CURRENT ASSETS

Inventories increased to US$13.73 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$11.28 million as at 31 December 2021 was largely attributable to the acquisition of the Yme Field.

Current trade and other receivables of the Group decreased to US$88.06 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$94.99 million as at 31 December 2021, largely due to a decrease in trade receivables from the sale of crude oil in Oman as a result of significantly shorter payment terms.

Quoted investments decreased to US$23.04 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$26.31 million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to unrealised fair value loss as a result of the poor performance in the bond and equity markets in Europe.

## NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES

Decommissioning provisions decreased to US$190.66 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$197.15 million as at 31 December 2021, mainly due to 1) reversal of decommissioning provision relating to the Brage Field in Norway and 2) foreign currency translation loss on consolidation as a result of weakening of the Norwegian Kroner against the United States dollar. The decrease was partly offset by the recognition of additional decommissioning provisions from the acquisition of the Yme Field.

Deferred tax liabilities increased to US$66.89 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$40.83 million as at 31 December 2021, due to an increase in oil and gas properties, as well as exploration and evaluation assets in Norway.

Total current and non-current loan and borrowings increased to US$91.95 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$55.62 million as at 31 December 2021, due to an increase in the amount of secured bonds raised by a subsidiary to fund the acquisitions on the Norwegian Continental Shelf (NCS), as well as for general working capital purposes. Please refer to the Company's press release dated 29 June 2022 for further information.

## CURRENT LIABILITIES

Trade and other payables increased to US$129.54 million as at 31 December 2022, from US$49.73 million as at 31 December 2021, largely due to 1) deferred consideration payable of US$29.51 million from the acquisition of the Yme Field, 2) prepayment of US$30.00 million from a customer for the sale of crude oil in Norway and 3) increase in accrued production costs in relation to the production activities in both Norway and Oman.

## CASH FLOWS

As at 31 December 2022, the Group's cash and cash equivalents and quoted investments totalled US$138.80 million (31 December 2021: US$86.91 million); with cash and cash equivalents at US$115.76 million (31 December 2021: US$60.60 million); and quoted investments at US$23.04 million (31 December 2021: US$26.31 million).

The Group reported net cash generated from operating activities of US$169.06 million in FY2022, after accounting for movements in working capital. This was primarily due to sale of crude oil and tax receipts from the Norwegian authorities for exploration and evaluation activities in Norway. The net cash generated from operating activities was partially offset by production and operating expenses used in the production activities in Oman, as well as administrative and other operational expenses incurred in relation to the Group's business.

Net cash used in investing activities of US$137.27 million in FY2022 was mainly attributable to 1) the acquisition of the Yme Field of US$54.82 million, 2) additions to oil and gas properties of US$56.30 million, 3) exploration and evaluation expenditure of US$24.52 million, 4) investment in an associate of US$2.00 million, 5) purchase of quoted investments of US$11.07 million and 6) purchase of property, plant and equipment of US$0.95 million. The net cash used in investing activities was also partially offset by proceeds from the disposal of quoted investments of US$11.65 million and interest received of US$0.74 million.

Net cash generated from financing activities of US$21.92 million in FY2022 was mainly due to proceeds from the issuance of secured bonds by a subsidiary of US$89.36 million, which was partially offset by 1) settlement of an existing bond of US$49.59 million (NOK 500 million), 2) transaction costs of US$3.73 million paid in relation to the issuance of secured bonds by a subsidiary, 3) dividends paid to the owners of the Company of US$4.54 million, and 4) interest paid of US$8.13 million.

As a result of the aforementioned, the Group recorded an overall net increase in cash and cash equivalents of US$53.72 million in FY2022, as compared to US$28.55 million in FY2021.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS &amp; COMMUNICATIONS

Rex International Holding aims to provide regular, succinct, transparent and timely information on the Group's strategy, business activities and financial performance, and to address concerns and strengthen relationships with its stakeholders. The Company employs various platforms, including announcements, press releases, investor presentations, meetings, briefings, conference calls, annual reports, the corporate website and social media, to communicate with its stakeholders comprising shareholders, investors, analysts, the media and the general public.

The Company announces the financial statements of the Company and the Group on a half-yearly basis. However, as a mineral, oil and gas company, the Company continues to provide quarterly updates on its use of funds as required under Rules 705(6) and 705(7) of the Listing Manual. All announcements, including the aforementioned, are released on SGXNet and are also available the Company's website, which is a primary source of information.

Investors can subscribe to email alerts on the Company's new announcements at https://investor.rexih.com/email\_alerts.html.

## CONTACT US

If you have any enquiries or would like to find out more about Rex International Holding, please contact:

## 2022 INVESTOR RELATIONS ACTIVITIES

## 1Q 2022

- Extraordinary General Meeting
- Release of FY2021 financial results
- Summary Independent Qualified Person's Report on Yumna Field, Oman
- Transfer of listing from the Catalist Board to the Mainboard of the SGX-ST

## 2Q 2022

- SG 30 Gems, ShareInvestor Virtual Investor Conference
- Announcement on Use of Funds/Cash by Mineral, Oil and Gas Companies
- Annual General Meeting
- Extraordinary General Meeting

## 3Q 2022

- Release of 1H FY2022 financial results

## 4Q 2022

- Announcement on Use of Funds/Cash by Mineral, Oil and Gas Companies

## SHARE REGISTRAR

Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (A division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) 80 Robinson Road #02-00 Singapore 068898 Telephone: +65 6236 3333 Website:

https://www.tricorglobal.com

## SHARE DEPOSITORY

The Central Depository (Pte) Limited 4 Shenton Way #02-01 SGX Centre 2 Singapore 068807 Phone: +65 6535 7511 Fax: +65 6535 0775 Email: cdp@sgx.com Website: https://investors.sgx.com/ dashboard

## SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES

Rex International Holding Limited 1 George Street #14-01 Singapore 049145 Phone: +65 6557 2477 Fax: +65 6438 3164 Email: info@rexih.com or ir@rexih.com Website: https://www.rexih.com

<!-- image -->

Singapore Corporate Governance Awards (SCGA) 2022, Mid Cap Category, SIAS Investors' Choice Awards 2022 2

## Runner-Up

<!-- image -->

## Straits Times / Statista Singapore's Fastest Growing Companies 2023

Ranked No. 1 in the Straits Times / Statista Singapore's Fastest Growing Companies 2023 list, which includes 100 local businesses that achieved markedly high revenue growth between 2018 and 2021 3

## 55 Singapore Corporate Transparency Index 2022

1

Ranked No. 55 in the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (SGTI) 2022 with a total score of 88 4 . This was well above the mean overall score of 70.6. This is the first time the score in this category has crossed the 70-point threshold since the inception of the index in 2009 5 . The Company continued to be the highest ranked among Singapore-listed oil exploration &amp; production companies for the seventh consecutive year.

&gt;88

announcements and press releases were issued in 2022.

## 109%

## 2-year Shareholder Return

With Brent Crude Oil futures rallying from US$48.50 per barrel to US$75.20 per barrel in 2021, Rex generated returns of 109 per cent over the year 6

1  Business Times, Celebrating exemplary corporate governance, 31 August 2022

Business Times, Thirty-two companies, 6 individuals awarded at the 17th Singapore Corporate Awards, 31 August 2022

2  SIAS Investors' Choice Award Winners, 7 October 2022

3  Straits Times, Singapore's fastest-growing companies in 2023, 17 January 2023

4  Business Times, Singapore Governance and Transparency Index 2022: General Category, 4 August 2022

5  National University of Singapore, Singapore-listed companies and trusts strengthen corporate governance and transparency, 3 August 2022

6  SGX, STI Rebounded 14% in 2021 as Economy Expanded 7%, 3 January 2022

<!-- image -->

## MESSAGE FROM THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER / CHIEF SUSTAINABILITY OFFICER

We are pleased to present the Sustainability Report (the ' SR ') of Rex International Holdings (' Rex ' or the ' Company ' and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ') which reports our performance and practices on sustainability during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 ').

We believe the core tenet of Environmental, Social and Governance (' ESG ') is to ensure that businesses are sufficiently prepared to adapt to changing stakeholder expectations and externalities related to sustainability. Through regular engagement with our diverse stakeholders, the Group ensures that their expectations are comprehensively tabled and adequately monitored. To create long-term value for shareholders, the Group focuses our sustainability efforts on maintaining good corporate governance and protecting the health and safety of all workers throughout our operations. We also strive to protect our environment and empower the communities we operate in.

The Group recognises that climate change issues impact the oil and gas industry significantly. The impacts of climate change are wide-reaching and the majority of industries and businesses will be affected. It is expected that our revenue, operating costs, assets and supply chain will be impacted during the transition to a low-carbon economy. We have undertaken steps to bolster the Group's climate resilience and enhanced our climate reporting.

The Group shall continue to progressively expand the scope and detail of our sustainability reporting given that ESG issues will continue to feature prominently in the corporate agenda. We are building the organisational capacity to mitigate risks and capture opportunities that may arise from a global move towards sustainable energy.

Thank you for your interest in our sustainability journey and we welcome feedback from stakeholders on how the Company can improve on its sustainability performance.

Måns Lidgren Chief Executive Officer and Chief Sustainability Officer

<!-- image -->

## REPORTING PRACTICE

This SR contains information about the Group's commitment, governance, policies, performance and targets in managing sustainability (ESG) factors as well as the impact of climate change on our business. This SR supplements information on the Group's strategies and activities in relation to sustainability practices, which are covered in other parts of this Annual Report.

## Reporting Principles &amp; Statement of Use

This SR has been produced in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (' GRI ') Standards 2021 and GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021 Standards, covering the financial period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022. The GRI Standards, being widely used and globally recognised, were selected for their broad selection of topics for reporting on economic, environmental and social impacts.

The following GRI reporting principles were applied to guide the Group in ensuring the quality and proper presentation of the information in this SR: Accuracy, Balance, Clarity, Comparability, Completeness, Sustainability Context, Timeliness and Verifiability. For more information on GRI disclosures, please refer to the GRI Content Index.

To provide stakeholders with an adequate understanding of our climate-related risk and opportunities, this SR presents the Group's climate-related financial information in line with the recommendations of the Taskforce for Climaterelated Financial Disclosures (' TCFD ') framework. The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (' UN SDGs ') have also been incorporated into the SR to highlight the Group's contributions to sustainable development.

This SR is compliant with Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (' SGX-ST ') Listing Rules 711A and 711B. The Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the reported information, including the material topics.

## Reporting Scope

This SR provides information on the Group as well as its subsidiaries. It excludes ESG performance data for operations, joint ventures and partnerships where the Group does not have management and / or operational control, with the exception of greenhouse gas (' GHG ') emissions data. We report our GHG emissions in accordance with the GHG Protocol and have disclosed our emissions data according to both an equity share and operational control approach separately. The Malaysian subsidiary is not included in the reporting scope as production has yet to commence in FY2022.

## Restatements

There are no restatements of information made from previous reporting periods.

## Assurance

The Group has established internal controls and verification mechanisms to ensure the accuracy and reliability of the narratives and data disclosed within this SR. We have also considered the recommendations of an external ESG consultant for the selection of material topics as well as compliance with GRI Standards, SGX-ST Listing Rules and alignment to TCFD recommendations. Pursuant to Rule 711B(3) of the SGX Listing Rules, the Group has subjected the sustainability reporting process to internal review by outsourced internal auditors RSM Risk Advisory Pte Ltd. The Board of Directors has assessed that external assurance is not required for the SR at this juncture.

## Availability &amp; Feedback

This report is available online at SGXNet and www.rexih.com. Any feedback from stakeholder on this Report may be sent to info@rexih.com.

## ORGANISATIONAL PROFILE

Rex International Holding Limited is a multinational oil exploration and production (' E&amp;P ') company listed on Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited's Mainboard. The Group has interests in exploration and production licences in Oman, Norway and Malaysia, and holds operatorship for the assets in Oman and Malaysia. The Group's subsidiaries under the exploration and production segment include Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA ') in Norway, Masirah Oil Ltd (' MOL ') in Oman and Pantai Rhu Energy Sdn Bhd in Malaysia. Rex Virtual Drilling (' RVD '), the Group's proprietary liquid hydrocarbon indicator, is developed by Rex Technology Investments, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Rex International Holding.

The Group's main business activities comprise the sale of crude oil and co-operating with several partners in the exploration, development, production, management and operation of concessions and licences. Our experience and partnerships with established oil and gas players allow us to leverage on our international network to source for new oil &amp; gas investment opportunities.

## Oman

Block 50 Oman, in which the producing Yumna Field is located, is a key asset of the Group. Block 50 Oman, approximately 17,000 sq km, is the first offshore oil producing concession in the Gulf of Masirah, east of Oman. In 2022, the Yumna Field production facilities underwent major change-outs and upgrades. This included the replacement of the previous floating storage tanker and a change-out of the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (' MOPU ') to handle increased liquid production.

A drilling campaign in 4Q 2022 was completed in January 2023. The drilling campaign consisted of a workover of the Yumna-3 well which involved the replacement of the electrical submersible pump and the drilling of the dual-objective Yumna-4, which was completed as a production well.

The Group achieved first oil in February 2020 and Declaration of Commerciality (' DOC ') in July 2020. As of 31 December 2022, the Yumna Field had produced 7.1 MMstb of oil. Produced oil is sold to an off-taker which handles the ship-to-ship liftings of oil.

MMstb: millions of stock tank barrels bpd: barrels per day

## Norway

LPA has used the Group's RVD technology to select and build a portfolio of investments in the Norwegian Continental Shelf. The licences are in oil-prolific areas that already have producing fields and pipeline infrastructure in place, allowing for a fast-track path to potential commercialisation and return on investment when more oil discoveries are made in LPA's assets. LPA's assets include producing assets, discovery assets and exploration assets, which are operated through joint ventures with various operators and partners.

OKEA is the operator on the Brage Field, and the operatorship was transferred from Wintershall DEA from 1 November 2022. LPA entered as partner on Brage in January 2022. For more details on LPA's assets, please refer to our Annual Report 2022.

## Malaysia

The Group was awarded 95 per cent  interests and operatorship of two Production Sharing Contracts (' PSCs ') by Petroliam Nasional Berhad (' PETRONAS ') in Malaysia in 2021. These PSCs are related to the development and production of the Rhu-Ara and the Diwangsa Clusters (the ' Clusters ') located in offshore Peninsular Malaysia. The Rhu-Ara Cluster contains two discovered oil fields and the Diwangsa Cluster contains four discovered oil fields. The Group has been focusing on the pre-development phase of the Clusters. The anticipated production will be a potential third leg to the Group's production and reserves base.

## Rex Virtual Drilling

RVD is the Group's proprietary technology which uses conventional seismic data to extract information about the presence of reservoir rock and liquid hydrocarbons. With the support of RVD, the Group has achieved four commercial oil discoveries in Oman and Norway over the years. The Group has been using the RVD technology extensively to de-risk farm-in opportunities and to select licences to apply for in Norway's Awards in Predefined Areas rounds. RVD is used for de-risking in all steps of the exploration and production value chain, from exploration de-risking and appraisal planning, and all the way to reservoir control.

## Singapore

The Group's corporate office is located in Singapore and supports the abovementioned business segments.

For more details on the Group's corporate structure and business activities, please refer to the relevant sections of our Annual Report 2022.

## SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY OVERVIEW

## Focus and Strategy

Since its listing on 31 July 2013, Rex International Holding has strived to create long-term growth to shareholders, offer investors a sound investment opportunity based on its game-changing technology, adopt responsible business practices and high corporate governance standards, lessen adverse impact to the environment, be an employer of choice and contribute back to communities where we operate. In order to meet the increasingly stringent demands of our stakeholders, the Group has identified the following five focus areas to guide our sustainability strategy:

<!-- image -->

## Focus 1: Upholding Governance and Ethics

With ever evolving laws and compliance requirements, the Group's corporate governance practices have enabled it to navigate complex regulations in countries it operates in. The Board of Directors oversees the Company's sustainability practices and guides the management team by setting a strong compliance culture and outlining key ESG issues in the industry.

## Focus 2: Prioritising Health and Safety

The Group aims for zero incidents by inculcating robust workplace health and safety policies. The Group has been diligent in implementing processes and conducting regular inspections to minimise the occurrence of health and safety incidents.

## Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change

The Group's climate reporting has been enhanced by identifying climate-related risks and opportunities.

The transition to a low-carbon economy poses a strategic challenge to the Group and steps have been taken to address such risks and capture opportunities during this transition.

## Focus 4: Protecting our Environment

The Group undertakes precautions to limit negative impacts on local marine and land biodiversity by managing waste and effluents at its wells responsibly. The Group also aims to manage the carbon footprint of its operations by deploying energy efficiency strategies and technologies.

## Focus 5: Creating Inclusive Communities

The Group strives to create positive impacts on the local community wherever it operates. We practice nondiscriminatory hiring and remunerate our employees fairly based on performance. Extensive training and development programmes are provided for our employees. There is a conscious effort to hire locally and engage local suppliers where possible.

## Awards and Accreditations

As a testament to its commitment to corporate governance and transparency, the Group has been awarded the following accolades:

- Ranked No. 1 in the Straits Times / Statista Singapore's Fastest Growing Companies 2023 list, which includes 100 local businesses that achieved markedly high revenue growth between 2018 and 2021
- Runner Up of the Singapore Corporate Governance Awards (SCGA) 2022, Mid Cap Category, SIAS Investors' Choice Awards 2022
- Best Managed Board (Mid-cap) (Bronze) - Singapore Corporate Awards 2022
- Best Investor Relations (Mid-cap) (Bronze) Singapore Corporate Awards 2022
- Ranked No. 55 in the Singapore Governance and Transparency Index (SGTI) 2022 with a total score of 88

The Group is also a proud member of the Singapore Business Federation.

## Aligning our Strategic Focus to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs)

The Group contributes to the UN SDGs through its daily operations, strategy development and collaboration with its stakeholders. The attainment of the UN SDGs is a continuing global effort and forms part of the Group's long-term focus on sustainability. The following table highlights the Group's contributions to the attainment of the relevant UN SDGs.

## Focus Area

FOCUS 1: Upholding Governance and Ethics

## FOCUS 2: Prioritising Health and Safety

FOCUS 3: Resilience for Climate Change

## FOCUS 4: Protecting our Environment

FOCUS 5: Creating Inclusive Communities

UN SDGs

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## The Group's Contribution

Comply fully with all socioeconomic and environmental laws and regulations and promote strong corporate governance practices.

Provide a safe working environment and productive employment and jobs with equal pay for equal work.

Contribute to the electrification and reduction of carbon footprint in the oil and gas supply chain. Explore options for renewable energy generation.

Improve climate-resilience and risk management by considering climaterelated risks and opportunities guided by the TCFD Recommendations.

Reduce waste generation through recycling and reusing of resources where possible.

For operations in developing countries, remunerations provided ensure basic necessities are met and adhere to local labour laws.

Ensure access to career advancement and fair remuneration regardless of gender.

Promote social and economic inclusivity regardless of gender or age.

## ESG Performance Highlights

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

The Group understands that stakeholder engagement is key to sustainable growth. We believe that open and transparent communication with our stakeholders allows us to help stakeholders understand our business strategies and respond quickly and effectively to their concerns. Our stakeholders are groups that have a material impact on or are materially impacted by our operations. We engage with them through various platforms and channels throughout the year. Apart from communicating important developments and updates about the Group, the perspectives and valuable feedback from our stakeholders are important in helping the Group to improve our services and ultimately advance our sustainability goals. The following table summarises our key stakeholders, modes of engagement, their key concerns and how the Group has responded to those concerns.

## SOCIETY

## KEY STAKEHOLDERS MODE OF ENGAGEMENT

Community

- Corporate social responsibility efforts

## PEOPLE

## KEY STAKEHOLDERS MODE OF ENGAGEMENT

Employees

- Weekly internal meetings
- Employment incentives
- Training and development
- Staff bonding activities

## MARKET PLACE AND CUSTOMERS

## KEY STAKEHOLDERS MODE OF ENGAGEMENT

Investors &amp; Analysts

Partners and Clients

Government &amp; Regulators

- Dedicated Investor Relations section on the Company's website
- SGXNet announcements
- Annual / Extraordinary General Meetings
- Half-yearly financial reports
- Annual Reports / circulars
- Meetings / calls with investors and analysts, roadshows and conferences
- Corporate and marketing videos, factsheets
- Communications via email and social media
- Meetings, feedback and correspondences
- Electronic communications
- Supplier assessment
- Regular meetings, feedback and correspondences

## AREAS OF CONCERN

- Environment
- Corporate philanthropy

## AREAS OF CONCERN

- Reward and recognition
- Training and career development

## AREAS OF CONCERN

- Business performance and strategy
- Debt position
- Sustainable delivery of returns
- Industry conditions
- Market presence
- Sustainability performance
- Timely financial contribution to exploration drillings
- Fast and accurate RVD analyses
- Environmental, health &amp; safety
- Compliance with government policies, rules and regulations
- Fair and reasonable treatment
- Regulatory and legal compliance
- Government requirements and guidelines on COVID-19

## OUR RESPONSE

- Contribute to the communities we operate in

## OUR RESPONSE

- Provide fair employee remuneration and benefits
- Provide training programmes catered to the experience and interest of employees

## OUR RESPONSE

- Provide timely and accurate information to shareholders and the investing public
- Engage and evaluate suppliers regularly and provide meaningful feedback
- Collaborative efforts with partners to find oil in exploration drilling campaigns and in oil production
- Provide timely and accurate Rex Virtual Drilling (' RVD ') analyses to clients
- Ensure full compliance with all applicable local laws and regulations
- Sharing of best practices

## SECTION REFERENCE

Focus 5: Creating Inclusive Communities

## SECTION REFERENCE

Focus 2: Prioritising Health and Safety

Focus 5: Creating Inclusive Communities

## SECTION REFERENCE

Focus 1: Upholding Governance and Ethics

Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change

Focus 4: Protecting our Environment

Focus 1: Upholding Governance and Ethics

Focus 4: Protecting our Environment

Focus 1: Upholding Governance and Ethics

<!-- image -->

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

As part of our ongoing monitoring of ESG factors, we worked with an external consultant to conduct a materiality assessment workshop during FY2022. The purpose of the workshop was to identify new ESG factors that may have emerged as a result of recent global events, as well as to validate the relevance of existing material ESG factors. In line with the GRI 11 Oil and Gas Sector Standards, new material ESG topics have been included for FY2022 and are indicated in the table below.

The workshop involved our senior management and we determined our material topics based on the significance of their impact in relation to the key concerns of our internal and external stakeholders. Our selected material topics have also taken into consideration a survey of comparable peer companies, areas of concern in the oil &amp; gas industry, and current sustainability themes.

The following steps were taken to present the relevant material topics in this Report:

1. Identification: Selection of potential material factors based on the risks and opportunities in the sector.
2. Prioritisation: Material factors are prioritised based on their alignment with the concerns of internal and external stakeholders, key organisational values, policies, operational management systems, goals and targets.
3. Review: Review the relevance of previously identified material factors.
4. Validation: Validate selected material factors in the Sustainability Report with the Board.

The following table lists the material topics and where the impacts occur for each material topic:

| ## ADDRESSED IN THIS REPORT  ## REX'S ESG MATERIAL TOPICS  ## WHERE THE IMPACT OCCURS  Focus 1:  Upholding Governance and Ethics  - Anti-corruption  - Anti-competitive behaviour (New)  - Tax (New)  - Child labour (New)  - Forced or Compulsory Labour (New)  - Supplier Environmental and Social Assessment (New)  - Customer Privacy (New)  Group-wide  Focus 2:  Prioritising Health and Safety  - Occupational Health and Safety  Group-wide  Focus 3:  Resilience for Climate Change  - Economic Performance  Group-wide  Focus 4:  Protecting Our Environment  - Energy (New)  - Water and Effluents (New)  - Biodiversity (New)  - Emissions (New)  - Waste (New)  Group-wide  Focus 5:  Creating Inclusive Communities  - Market Presence (New)  - Indirect Economic Impacts (New)  - Procurement Practices  - Employment (New)  - Labour/Management Relations (New)  - Training and Education (New)  - Diversity and Equal Opportunity (New)  - Non-discrimination (New)  - Local Communities (New)  Group-wide   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## FOCUS 1: UPHOLDING GOVERNANCE AND ETHICS

The Group's commitment to good corporate governance practices has enabled us to navigate complex regulations in countries we operate in.

## Board Statement

Rex International Holding aspires to create a sustainable business model by adopting best practices in the environment, social and governance aspects of its business. Our sustainability objectives are to create long-term value for shareholders, our marketplace and customers, the communities we operate in, our people and the environment.

## Sustainability Governance Structure

Reporting directly to the Board, the management team oversees, manages and monitors the Group's sustainability efforts and materiality topics. In 2022, all Board directors have attended sustainability training recognised by SGX. The Management, headed by the Chief Executive Officer, oversees the Group's sustainability matters. This sets the tone for the integration of business and sustainability strategy from the top. Management also reviews the Group's sustainability strategy, approach and performance.

Board of Directors Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer Chief Operation Officer Chief Communications Officer Management

## Risk Management

The Board considers sustainability issues when formulating the Group's strategy, and approves and validates the material environmental, social and economic topics identified by the Management. The Board also ensures that the material factors identified are well managed and monitored. The Board of Directors has reviewed and approved the reported information in this SR, including the material topics.

The Group implements a comprehensive risk management framework and takes a precautionary approach towards strategic decision making and our daily operations. The Group views Risk Management as a key governance factor and is committed to maintaining a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard our assets and the interest of our shareholders. The Group has put in place a Risk Management Committee (" RMC ") which is overseen by the Audit Committee. We had engaged an independent third party, KPMG Services Pte. Ltd., to assist with the development of a Board Assurance Framework from FY2013 to FY2018. This includes an enterprise risk management framework to assess our evolving risk profile and risk mitigation plans since FY2013. The risk review was subsequently performed in-house by the RMC since FY2019 to oversee the Group's risk governance and ensure that we have a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard shareholders' interests and that our assets are well maintained. The RMC has considered in detail the most material risks to the Group which includes strategic, financial, operational, compliance, fraud and corruption, litigation and cyber security risks.

In addressing these risks, regular discussions are held with our employees to focus on addressing any specific risks

related to the Group's operations. The Group also carries out follow-up reviews to ensure the effective implementation of our risk management procedures. The Company aims to continue to mitigate risks effectively and to ensure that internal controls remain robust.

More details on the Company's enterprise risk management framework and internal controls can be found in the Corporate Governance section of our Annual Report 2022.

## Corporate Compliance

The laws and regulations that are applicable to the Group include the Code of Corporate Governance 2018, regulations by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, Listing Rules of the SGX-ST, the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (' ACRA ') and the Securities and Futures Act, amongst others.

Reviews of new regulations and updates to existing regulations are regularly conducted by our employees, secretarial firm and auditors. Updates are disseminated to relevant staff and processes are put in place to monitor the activities and associated performance on a regular basis.

Additionally, updates on relevant legal, accounting and regulatory developments are provided to Directors by email. The Company Secretary also circulates articles, reports and press releases issued by the SGX-ST and the ACRA which are relevant to the Directors.

There were no instances of non-compliance with laws and regulations in the environmental, social or economic areas.

## Anti-corruption

GRI 205-1, 205-3, 11.20.5

The Group strongly believes that the success of the business is based on upholding business ethics and integrity. The Group has assessed all of our operations for risks related to corruption, covering money laundering and terrorism financing, theft and fraud. We have put in place a Code of Conduct that serve as a guide to proper business conduct for all employees. Policies on whistle blowing and conflict of interests are also in place. Across all regions, our leadership and all employees are expected to observe the highest standards of ethics and integrity in their conduct.  Outside of the organisation, we have established strong business relations with our business partners based on integrity and a clear stance on anti-corruption. As of FY2022, there were no reported incidents of corruption.

The Group's licenses are publicly accessible via our subsidiaries' websites and the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate.

## Whistle Blowing Policy

GRI 2-16, 2-26

The Group aims to have transparency in our business operations and is committed to providing a platform for employees and stakeholders to communicate their concerns. In doing so, we have established a Whistle Blowing Policy by which staff may, in confidence, raise concerns about possible misconduct in matters of accounting, financial reporting, business conduct or any other matters. The Group will work with and/or refer matters to the Board's Audit Committee for appropriate action if the investigations are likely to have a material impact on the Group's operating results or financial position. Further details can be found in the Corporate Governance section of the Annual Report.

There were no incidences of whistle-blowing in FY2022.

## Anti-Competitive Behaviour GRI 206-1

The Group is dedicated to ethical, fair and vigorous competition as outlined in our Code of Conduct. The Group promotes its products and services based on their merit, superior quality, functionality and competitive pricing. The Group also strives to practise fair competition in all business transactions and disclose any information which is important to a business transaction, in a manner such that none of its competitors will have an unfair advantage over others. Confidentiality pertaining to pricing and proprietary information will also be maintained.

On 5 August 2022, Petroci Holding filed a claim against the Company's subsidiaries, Rex Oman Limited, MOL and certain past and present directors of MOL in the High Court, Commercial Division of the British Virgin Islands, in connection with the alleged conduct of MOL's affairs, which led to the dilution of Petroci's interest in MOL as a partner and minority shareholder. While the outcome of this legal case is pending court's hearing, the Group's management considers the above claims and allegations as frivolous, baseless and unmeritorious.

## Customer Privacy and Data Protection

GRI 418-1

We conduct our business in compliance with the Personal Data Protection Act in Singapore and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. The Group is committed to respecting the privacy of our stakeholders. As part of this continuing commitment, our Privacy Statement on our corporate website outlines how we collect, process, disclose and store personal data.

Cyber security continues to be an area of risk to the industry and remains a key priority. As with previous years, the Group has experienced threats, including phishing campaigns, but none of these had a significant impact on our business in 2022. We will continue to focus on maintaining security across the organisation and encouraging vigilance amongst our employees through cyber security training and awareness campaigns.

There were no reported data breaches in FY2022.

## Sustainable Supply Chain Management

GRI 308-1, 308-2

The Group understands that sustainability extends beyond the Group and its operations. In promoting sustainability to our upstream business partners, we ensure that potential contractors and subcontractors are assessed for their sustainability performance prior to engaging them. For the Group's operations in Oman, 100 per cent of new suppliers are screened using a minimum set of health, safety and environment (' HSE ') criteria. After the supplier is shortlisted, they will be invited to the Request for Quote tender which is subjected to a set of comprehensive HSE criteria.

In FY2022, the Group has assessed that all of our suppliers in Oman were compliant with the relevant laws and regulations in being a supplier of choice. A total of 70 suppliers were assessed for environmental impacts and there were no suppliers identified as having significant and potential negative environmental impacts.

Under the new Norwegian Transparency Act, LPA will be required to carry out due diligence activities to ensure that it is operating responsibly, respecting both human rights and decent working conditions in its operation and supply chain. LPA shall exercise their 'see-to-duty' including environmental impact reports of potential partners and license operators in which LPA has an interest. A procedure for the assessment of operators and partners is being set up starting in FY2023.

## Forced Labour and Modern Slavery

GRI 408-1, 409-1

The Group is committed to reducing human rights risks and impacts that are linked with our business activities, including the rights of our workforce and those living in communities affected by our activities. We aim to contribute to eliminate human rights abuses such as child labour, human trafficking and forced labour. When considering new investments or when tendering for goods and services, we review any associated human rights issues and consider how we can ensure that our operations do not come into conflict with any of these fundamental human rights principles. There have been no reported incidents during the reporting period which pose a significant risk of child labour or young workers exposed to hazardous work.

## Tax Compliance

GRI 207-1, 207-2, 207-3

The Group's strategy and approach to tax is to fully comply with relevant tax laws and regulations in all jurisdictions we operate in. This indirectly supports the local governments and authorities in their economic, environmental and social development objectives. The Group has zero tolerance for any intentional breach of tax laws and regulations.

Relevant staff attend tax-related trainings to keep themselves updated on key changes. The Group also engages qualified professional tax advisors in all jurisdictions to ensure compliance at the transactional level as well as fulfilling required tax filings. The Audit Committee may also engage the Group's internal auditor to monitor compliance with the tax governance and control framework from time to time. Any cases of non-compliance will be reported to the Audit Committee and resolved promptly.

## Financial Assistance received from the Government GRI 201-4

With oil exploration being a capital-intensive industry, the Group looks to invest in assets in jurisdictions that offer attractive tax incentives. Incentives or financial assistance from the governments in these jurisdictions are a factor in the Group's investment decisions as these will have a bearing on the Group's return on investment in the long term.

In Norway, the Company's subsidiary, LPA was established in 2012 and became a Pre-qualified Petroleum Company in February 2013. As a Pre-qualified Petroleum Company, LPA is eligible for marginal tax rate in the petroleum tax regime of 78 per cent.

For more information on the changes in tax assistance received from the government, please refer to our financial statements in our Annual Report.

| FY2021  FY2022  Tax Rebates from the Norwegian Government (US$ Million)  18.71  39.07   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In 2022, the Norwegian tax system has been restructured to a cash-flow tax, among which is the removal of the specific tax incentive for exploration activities from 2022. LPA expects to receive an income tax receivable of US$57 million from the Norway tax authorities in relation to its exploration activities in 2022.

In Oman, an audit of recoverable costs and proposed budget is regularly presented to the Omani Ministry of Energy and Minerals for approval.

## Governance and Ethics Targets

| ## Targets for FY2022  Status  ## FY2022 Performance  Zero tolerance towards fraud, corruption and unethical actions  Met  No instance of whistle- blowing, and no instances of bribery or corruption have been identified in FY2022.  To invest in exploration assets in jurisdictions that offer attractive tax incentives:  Met  - Norway: Annual cash refunds for 78% of all exploration expenditures are given annually.  Norway received NOK 383 million in 2022 in tax refunds that were earned in 2021, from the Norwegian government.  - Oman: Cost recovery pool can be reclaimed after declaration of commerciality (' DOC ').  In Oman, the DOC was awarded and cost recovery is in progress.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Targets for FY2023

- Zero incidents of non-compliance with corporate laws and regulations
- Zero complaints concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data
- Zero reported incidents of corruption

<!-- image -->

## FOCUS 2: PRIORITISING HEALTH AND SAFETY

Safety plays an integral role across our operations and is the Group's priority. We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for all of our employees, contractors and stakeholders. We manage our activities in accordance with our HSE Policy to continuously reduce risk, deliver performance improvement and achieve our objectives of 'no accidents, no harm to people and no damage to the environment'. Processes have been implemented to identify, mitigate and report potential hazards to reduce the likelihood of workplace injuries and fatalities. We communicate closely with our contractors and subcontractors to ensure that they are kept well-informed of our workplace safety requirements and expectations.

## Occupational Health and Safety

GRI 403-1, 403-2, 403-4, 403-7, 403-8

The oil and gas exploration and production sector is a capital and labour intensive sector. During exploration, the drilling of exploratory wells requires a technically specialised crew to be on-site for weeks in a potentially combustible environment. This carries significant risks to our employees and contractors who supports us on-site at various locations. Any on-site accidents may adversely impact our workforce, business operations and reputation. As such, Rex prioritises our workers' health and safety to be of utmost importance.

Where Rex International Holding or any of its subsidiaries is the operator, risks associated with operations are managed through the implementation of the Group's Operations Risk Management System (' ORMS ') which covers all workers and contractors. The ORMS is adapted to the local rules and regulations in each jurisdiction where necessary. The ORMS is also subjected to annual internal review to improve its effectiveness.

In mitigating and preventing any possible workplace safety hazards, the Group has established and implemented standardised procedures to identify, assess and mitigate health, safety, security and environmental hazards within our operations. Competent personnel are involved in conducting risk assessments to assess levels of exposure to various health hazards and risks. The findings of these assessments are used to evaluate and continually improve the ORMS which is updated yearly.

In Norway, LPA's company risk assessment and office inspections are performed on a regular basis and at least twice a year. In accordance to Norwegian regulations, notification routines and regular meetings with the Safety Delegate are established.

LPA has also established procedures, notifications and reporting system for internal incidents. In addition, LPA registers incidents occurring on non-operated activities as one element in LPA's "see-to-duty".

In Oman, MOL reviews all management systems yearly. In FY2022, MOL carried out change-outs of the floating storage tanker and the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (MOPU) with upgraded facilities on-board. The replacements will allow for these production facilities to be in the field for several years without the need for dry-docking.

A drilling campaign done during 4Q FY2022 consisted of a workover of the Yumna-3 well to replace the electrical submersible pump and drilling of the Yumna-4 well, which was completed for production in January 2023.

The Group strives to continuously improve on its HSE policy and procedures. We consult employees, contractors and the authorities to ensure that their inputs are included in our processes impacting on workplace health and safety. Having reinforced these standardised processes to our workers and contractors on-site, we advocate for our employees and contractors to remain vigilant and that the safety of our people is everyone's responsibility. In ensuring the safety of our workplace, operators managing exploration drillings involving the Group have to adhere to strict HSE regulations and are subject to prequalification and audit for every drilling undertaken in the respective jurisdictions.

## Health and Working Environment

GRI 403-3, 403-6

As a partner on the Brage Field operated by OKEA, LPA follows closely on the Operator's HSE programme, major accident workshops, occupational programme, incidents, investigation and follow-ups plans. The Working Environment Act and HSE regulations for petroleum activity cover exposure that include chemicals, noise, vibration, ergometry, physio-somatic impacts. The Operator has the legal responsibility and the partners, including LPA, have legallybinding "see-to-duty" requirements. The Operator does not have access to private health information. All information on the employees is handled in accordance to the GDPR Directive which is kept confidential. Annual planning programme is normally conducted on the basis for the yearly activities or planned campaigns. Detailed regulations, comprehensive guidelines, working environment committee and involvement of the Safety Delegate are essential elements to fulfil the requirements.

2 Based on all employees and contractors for operated asset in Oman

## Health and Safety Trainings GRI 403-5

## Norway

To ensure that all workers remain safe during the course of their employment, mandatory safety training is conducted for all employees and crew members across all locations. For the Brage Field, OKEA conducts offshore campaigns to improve knowledge and promote high level performance on safety and health issues.

## Oman

In 2022, a total of 4,800 hours on occupational health and safety training were conducted for employees in Oman. This included third party contractor training on electrical hazards, isolation and lockout/tagout (' LOTO ') procedures to ensure that equipment is shut down, inoperable, and (where relevant) de-energised, as well as food safety awareness. Other training include personnel hygiene, cleaning, control of physical, chemical and biological hazards as well as ergonomic risk.

## Work-related Injuries and Ill-health GRI 403-9, 403-10

The Group strives to prevent workplace safety hazards and accidents and we are committed to continuously improving our performance through monitoring and evaluating our progress on workplace safety hazard prevention. There was one high-consequence work-related injury recorded in FY2022 where a passenger twisted his ankle while transferring from one vessel rescue zone to another. Prompt medical attention was rendered to the passenger.

The following table summarises the Group's workplace health and safety performance for operations in Oman for FY2022.

## Health and Safety Metrics 2

| Health and Safety Metrics  Number  Rate  Fatalities as a result of work-related injury  0  0  High-consequence work-related injury  (excluding fatalities)  1  0.23  Recordable work-related injury  1  0.23  Fatalities as a result of work-related ill health  0  0  Recordable work-related ill health  0  0  No. of man hours clocked  429,868  -   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Crisis and Emergency Preparedness

In 2020, our subsidiary MOL started production operations in Oman. Since its operations, MOL has conducted joint emergency drills with local authorities. The objective of the exercises was the protection of crew on board both the jack-up barge and vessel, as well as hostages in case of terrorism. Routine weekly and monthly emergency simulations are also conducted on the Mobile Offshore Production Unit (' MOPU ') and the floating storage and offload unit (' FSO ').

In Norway, LPA is partner on the Brage Field operated by OKEA and performs the "see-to-duty" activities to ensure that OKEA operates in accordance to the legal framework. OKEA has the overall legal responsibility for the Emergency Response Organization (' ERO ') with 1st, 2nd and 3rd Line. In addition, LPA has established an ERO, emergency management plan and training programme as a non-operator.

OKEA is a member of the Norwegian Clean Seas Association for Operating Companies, as well as the Operator's Association for Emergency Response. These are two professional organisations with the sole purpose of supplying personnel and equipment for emergency response if needed. As part of the management system, OKEA has comprehensive emergency preparedness and response plans, and a competent and well-trained organisation to handle any situation in the unlikely event of an emergency.

## Health and Safety Targets

| ## Targets for FY2022  ## Status  ## FY2022 Performance  Zero fatality rate  Met  Zero fatality rate for operations in both Norway and Oman  No down time related to HSE issues  Met  No major HSE issues   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Targets for FY2023 Short-term

- To achieve zero workplace fatalities
- No downtime related to HSE issues

<!-- image -->

## FOCUS 3: RESILIENCE FOR CLIMATE CHANGE

Over the past few years, the Group has witnessed the impact of climate change on our business and stakeholders, which has given us the impetus to consider climate change and sustainability factors in our business decisions. In order to provide greater accountability and transparency, we have enhanced our climate-related disclosures to highlight the Group's assessment of climate-related risks and opportunities, as well as our management of the potential impact of climate-related issues on our business strategy and financial planning.

## Impact of Climate Change on our Business

## GRI 201-2

Climate change and the energy transition represent a significant challenge for the energy sector and society at large. The Group continues to assess the associated risks and opportunities and strives to forge a resilient path for its business through the energy transition. This section has been structured in accordance with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures.

| TCFD Recommended Disclosures  FY2022 Status  Summary and Next Steps  Governance  Describe the board's oversight of  climate-related risks and opportunities  Met  Climate risks and opportunities were discussed and  identified by the senior management based on the  TCFD framework. In addition to the identified risks and  opportunities, the Management has articulated their risk  mitigation plans and strategies, which were presented to  the Board.  The Board has collectively reviewed and approved the climate  risks and opportunities identified by the Management.  In mitigating the impact of climate change, the Board  will endeavour to implement and continuously fine tune  its sustainability governance structure by engaging the  assistance of our Management and operational leadership  teams to oversee our climate mitigation strategies.  The Board will be updated on the progress of the Group's  mitigation and strategy against the identified climate risks  and opportunities at least once a year or whenever necessary.  Describe Management's role in assessing  and managing climate-related risks and  opportunities  Met  The identification of climate related risks and opportunities  was undertaken by the management team. The Management  will be supporting the Board to implement the identified  climate-related strategies, together with the support of the  operational leadership teams across the oil exploration and  production process.  The operational leaders and the Group's Management will  regularly review the progress and strategies within the  operations to ensure that the strategies are implemented  accordingly.  For critical decisions pertaining to sustainability that might  present risks or opportunities to the Group's operations,  the Management and operational leaders will oversee the  decision making.  Strategy  Describe the climate-related risks and  opportunities the organisation has  identified over the short, medium and  long term  Met  The Group has engaged an external ESG consultant to  facilitate the discussion by senior management in identifying  the climate-related risks and opportunities. Please refer  to the Climate Risks and Opportunities section for more  information.  Describe the impact of climate-  related risks and opportunities on the  organisation's business, strategy and  financial planning  Met  Describe the resilience of the  organisation's strategy, taking into  consideration different climate-related  scenarios, including a 2°C or lower  scenario  In progress  In line with SGX's phased implementation approach for TCFD  adoption, the Group will incorporate scenario analysis in our  subsequent sustainability reports.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| TCFD Recommended Disclosures  FY2022 Status  Summary and Next Steps  Risk  Management  Describe the organisation's processes  for identifying and assessing climate-  related risks  Met  Rex conducts annual discussions on climate change risks and  opportunities involving senior management across business  units. This is facilitated by an independent ESG consultant to  determine the key sustainability issues that are crucial to  our stakeholders.  The Group has identified the relevant climate-related risks  and opportunities as outlined in the Climate Risks and  Opportunities section below. Each identified risk is assessed  based on: 1) the likelihood of occurrence; and 2) the severity  of potential impacts arising from the risk.  Describe the organisation's processes  for managing climate-related risks  Met  Climate-related risks may include impact on operations at  asset level, performance at business level and development  at regional level, arising from extreme weather conditions or  global shift towards a lower carbon economy.  The leadership at asset level will meet with the Group's  Management regularly to highlight potential climate-related  risks and undertake appropriate contingency planning and  actions to mitigate these risks.  Describe how processes for identifying,  assessing and managing climate-  related risks are integrated into the  organisation's overall risk management  Met  The Board and Management will undertake a periodic  review of the identified climate-related risks and the risk  management approach.  Metrics and  Targets  Disclose the metrics used by the  organisation to assess climate-related  risks and opportunities in line with its  strategy and risk management process  Met  For information on our energy consumption and emissions  performance, please refer to Energy and Carbon Management  under Focus 4. This is the Group's first year of disclosing our  emissions, we shall continue to monitor our emissions before  setting any quantitative emissions reduction targets.  The Group shall continue to measure its Scope 3 emissions  and improve its supply chain emissions reporting over  time. The Group is also evaluating other metrics that may  potentially warrant inclusion as targets to manage climate-  related risks.  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if  appropriate, Scope 3 GHG emissions, and  the related risks  In progress  Describe the targets used by the  organisation to manage climate-related  risks and opportunities and performance  against targets  In progress   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Climate-related Risks and Opportunities

## Risks

To present our climate-related financial disclosures consistent with the TCFD Recommendations, our identification and assessment of climate-related risks considers:

- Transition risks: include changes to policy and legal obligations, technological innovation, changing market demand for products, and changing stakeholder expectations.
- Physical risks: risks relating to the physical impacts of climate change (both acute and chronic). Acute physical risks refer to those that are event-driven, including increased severity of extreme weather events, such as cyclones, hurricanes, or floods, while chronic physical risks refer to longer-term shifts in climate patterns (e.g., sustained higher temperatures) that may cause sea level rise or chronic heat waves.

.

The table below reflects our understanding of our most significant climate-related risks relevant to our business. The Group recognises and is aware that the list is not exhaustive, and we will continue to enhance our understanding and responses to these risks.

## Transition Risks

Policy and Legal

## Technology

## Description

## Efforts by countries to achieve decarbonisation targets will lead to lower demand of fossil fuels

-  Renewable energy technologies are preferred by policy makers to achieve countries' decarbonisation targets
-  Green technology in machinery and equipment are preferred. Some examples would be electric vehicles, rechargeable generator sets.
-  With the global shift away from fossil fuels, the Group may experience lower demand for crude oil.

Time period

: Medium , Long

Likelihood

: High

Financial impact

: Decrease in demand resulting in lower

revenue

## Increase in carbon tax will directly increase the cost of operating oil and gas production facilities

-  The Norwegian government is considering an increase in carbon tax by 2030.
-  The cost for CO 2 quotas (EU ETS) is expected to increase in the coming years.
-  Meanwhile, carbon taxes have not been proposed by the Oman government.

Time period

: Short 3 , Medium 4 , Long 5

Likelihood

: High

Financial impact

: Higher cost associated with energy usage

## Potential exposure to risk of climate litigation as Rex continues to grow its oil and gas business.

-  The Group recognises that the oil and gas industry is a key target of climate litigation.
-  Litigations may be triggered by adverse operational impacts such as oil spills or health and safety accidents.

Time period

: Short, Medium, Long

Likelihood

: Low

Financial impact

: Higher cost incurred to comply with

operational safety requirement

## Technological advancements such as cheaper solar panels and improved batteries

-  The Group recognises that the advancement in technology of solar panels and batteries reduces consumers reliance on traditional fossil fuels.

Time period

: Long

Likelihood

: Medium

Financial impact

: Reduced demand for oil leading to lower

revenue

## Risk Mitigation

The Group is of the view that there will still be dependence on oil and gas (at least in the short-term) and will continue to evaluate and consider other forms of business diversification to reduce concentration risk in the oil and gas business.

Rex shareholders had in 2019, approved the Group's business diversification mandate to diversify the Group's business to include sustainable solutions for energy production and materials used in various industries. The Company had since gone on to invest in commercial drone company Xer Technologies Pte Ltd (' Xer ') in an up-and-coming industry.

In FY2022, the Group committed to an additional investment of up to US$4 million into Xer, which is making headways towards commercialisation.

The Group also entered into a conditional share purchase agreement to purchase the entire issued share capital of medical technology company Moroxite T AB, comprising 1,000 shares, at a nominal consideration of SEK 1 (approximately US$0.10), with a commitment to invest up to an additional SEK 43.2 million (approximately US$4.12 million), subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. The transaction is pending shareholders' approval.

The Group's subsidiary LPA is in a project group that is exploring the use of storage sites in the Norwegian Continental Shelf to inject and store CO 2 permanently, which can be used to offset emissions and consequently, mitigate the Group's carbon tax exposure.

The Group participates in projects where environmental damage is minimal and its operations are under stringent environmental regulations in the various jurisdictions.

The Group's operating subsidiaries have in-house HSE managers to oversee the impacts of drilling and production activities. External consultancy firms are sometimes engaged to conduct Environmental Impact Assessments (' EIA ').

In the short term, we will continue to monitor short term oil prices and may do hedging to reduce price volatility.

For the longer term, the Group has obtained shareholder approval to diversify into sustainable solutions for energy production and materials used in various industries. As part of its business diversification strategy, the Group has invested in some businesses unrelated to oil and gas, in 2021 and 2022, that do not materially change the risk profile of the Group.

3,4,5  Definition of time period used in this Report: •  Short:  1-3 years  •  Medium: 3-5 years  •  Long: More than 5 years

## Transition Risks

Description

Market

## Consumer preference for greener energy alternatives (e.g. transportation, appliances)

-  Increasing customer awareness on green alternatives reduces their reliance on traditional fuels.
-  The availability of competitive technologies leads to lower demand and price of oil.
-  This may also impact the volatility of oil prices as climate change is factored into the perception of risk for oil.

Time period

: Short, Medium, Long

Likelihood

: Low

Financial impact

: Higher cost of investment

## Increase in cost of capital for funding oil and gas exploration and production projects.

-  Undersubscription of equity or debt issuances due to investor unwillingness to fund oil and gas exploration.
-  Investor capital in the energy sector is diverted to renewable energy research.

Time period

: Short, Medium, Long

Likelihood

: Medium

Financial impact

: Higher cost of capital

## Decline in reputation and brand.

-  There is increasing societal pressure on the oil and gas sector to minimise damage to the environment in the context of climate change and the energy transition.
-  This could negatively impact Rex's brand, reputation and licence to operate, which in turn may restrict access to capital markets or attract staff.

Time period

: Short, Medium, Long

Likelihood

: Low

Financial impact : Increase in operational cost as there could be an increase in turnover rate

## Description

The Group is exposed to several types of physical climate risks, such as

-  Sea storms may affect offshore oil and gas operations
-  Cyclones may affect some land based wells in Oman
-  Inland fresh water depletion may affect ability of production facilities to access water
-  Changes in seasons (e.g. prolonged monsoon season)
-  Decrease in natural resources worldwide
-  Reduced revenue if operations were to be impacted
-  Increased operating costs and/or capital expenditure incurred to mitigate our infrastructure against the impacts of climate change
-  Higher insurance premiums

Time period:

Short, Medium, Long

Likelihood:

Likely

## Financial impact:

## Reputation

## Physical Risks

## Acute Chronic

## Risk Mitigation

The Group will consider competitive technologies to integrate into its processes and continue to hedge short term oil prices to reduce price volatility.

The Group shall practise prudent cash management and maintain strong banking relationships.

LPA, the Group's subsidiary in Norway, has in FY2022, raised a three-year senior secured bond issue of NOK 1,200 million (approximately US$122 million) to refinance its previous NOK 500 million (approximately US$51 million) senior secured bonds with maturity in January 2024 (ISIN NO0011037343) and for LPA's acquisition of a 10 per cent interest in the producing Yme Field, as well as general working capital purposes.

The Group's subsidiary LPA is looking to contribute towards global efforts in carbon capture and storage technologies by participating in a group project to explore the use of storage sites in the Norwegian Continental Shelf to inject and store CO 2 permanently.

## Risk Mitigation

The Group shall continue to monitor developments in the market and assess the technology available to mitigate such risks.

## Opportunities

While the changes in the economy and impact of climate change pose certain risks to the Group, there are also opportunities that may arise. The Group is well positioned to capture such opportunities and create long-term value for our stakeholders.

| ## Opportunities Resource Efficiency  ## Description  ## Management's Response  Increase in energy efficiency and efficient water management in our production.  •  The Group can improve energy and water efficiency  to better manage resource consumption.  •  This can potentially reduce operating costs and  increase our competitiveness.  The Group shall be judicious with its selection of projects. Drilling campaigns shall aim to select rigs with lower carbon emissions.  The Group will continue to source for suppliers and equipment with lower carbon emissions.  Time period:  Medium, Long  Likelihood:  Likely  Financial impact:  Cost reduction on energy  consumption  ## Resilience  Leverage on the use of technology to develop Rex  Virtual Drilling ('  RVD  ') to reduce energy wastage.  The Group shall continue our investment in Rex Virtual Drilling as it increases the success of finding oil. This reduces the incidence of drilling dry wells, and hence, the use of resources, during oil exploration.  Time period:  Short, Medium  Likelihood:  Likely  Financial impact:  Reduction in cost of oil exploration  ## Markets  Participate in carbon capture and storage solutions.  The Group is exploring the use of storage sites in the Norwegian Continental Shelf to inject and store CO 2 permanently.  Time period:  Medium  Likelihood:  Possible  Financial impact: Increase in an alternative source of revenue for third parties who wish to store carbon at Rex's Norwegian site   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Carbon Footprint Reduction Targets

## Targets for FY2023

Medium-term

•

Explore the commercial feasibility of renewable energy projects.

Long-term

- Rex is actively looking into alternative sustainable solutions for energy production, rather than conventional renewal energy projects.

## Economic Performance Targets

| ## Targets  ## FY2022 Performance  Short-term  •  To unlock value by achieving more  oil discoveries and building up on its  contingent resources and reserves  •  To have commercial oil production as  stable revenue stream  ## Oman:  •  Added one production well in the Yumna Field as of end of  December 2022.  ## Norway:  •  LPA acquired a 10 per cent interest in the producing Yme Field.  •  LPA participated in one combination exploration and developing  drilling operation in well in the Brage Field where it has a  33.8434 per cent interest.  ## Group:  Medium-term  •  By unlocking value by selling  oil-in-the-ground  Long-term  •  To sustain profitability   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

•

Reported revenue of US$170.3 million and profit after tax of

US$0.4 million in FY2022.

<!-- image -->

## FOCUS 4: PROTECTING OUR ENVIRONMENT

The Group undertakes precautions to limit negative impacts on local marine and land biodiversity by managing waste and effluents at its wells responsibly. The Group also aims to manage the carbon footprint of its operations by deploying energy efficiency strategies and technologies.

The Group aims to maintain a strong environmental performance in the coming year and proactively manage environmental impacts and resource consumption.

## Energy and Carbon Management in our Operations GRI 302-1, 302-3, 305-1, 305-2, 305-3, 305-4, 305-7

MOL's fuel consumption primarily comes from diesel and is used to produce energy onsite for the MOPU and the FSO, as well as to operate vessels. MOL also utilises district heating for its heating and hot water needs. All other energy consumption within our corporate offices is derived from purchased electricity.

The Group is aware of the effects of Greenhouse Gas (' GHG ') emissions on global warming and has begun to track its carbon footprint from FY2022 onwards. GHG emissions are accounted for according to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol established by the World Resources Institute and the World Business Council for Sustainable Development. Emissions data have been disclosed according to both an equity share and operational control approach separately.

The primary sources of our Scope 1 emissions comprise emissions from gas flaring and energy production. Scope 2 emissions refer to indirect emissions that result from the Group's consumption of purchased electricity and heating. Scope 3 emissions include emissions from purchased goods and services as well as the Group's non-operated asset, the Brage Field in Norway.

Emissions of NOx are mainly related to the combustion of hydrocarbon fuels for the generation of electric power needed at our platforms and drilling rigs. Reductions of NOx emissions can be achieved through energy optimisation measures. Emissions of SOx mainly arise from the use of diesel in the power turbines.

## Energy Metrics 6

| Group (Total)  Total fuel usage (non-renewable) (TJ)  176  Heating consumption (TJ)  0.1  Total Electricity consumption (TJ)  0.6  Total energy consumption (TJ)  176.7  Energy Intensity  25TJ/MMstb   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Emissions Metrics (operational control) 7

| Group (Total)  Total Scope 1   Emissions 8  (tonnes CO  2  e)  27,567  Scope 1 - CO  2  (tonnes)  27,485  Scope 1 - CH  4  (tonnes CO  2  e)  29  Scope 1 - N  2  O (tonnes CO  2  e)  53  Total Scope 2 Emissions 9  (tonnes CO  2  e)  (location-based)  6.5  Total Scope 2 Emissions  (tonnes CO  2  e)  (market-based)  0.3  Total Scope 3 Emissions  (tonnes CO  2  e)  63,395  Emissions Intensity  (Scope 1 and 2)  162 tonnes  CO  2  e/$mil USD  revenue  Total GHG Emissions  (Scope 1, 2 &amp; 3)  (tonnes CO  2  e)  90,968  NOx  (tonnes)  0.1  SOx  (tonnes)  12.8   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Emissions Metrics (equity share) 10

| Group (Total)  Total Scope 1 Emissions  (tonnes CO  2  e)  25,309  Total Scope 2 Emissions  (tonnes CO  2  e)  (location-based)  6.4  Total Scope 2 Emissions  (tonnes CO  2  e)  (market-based)  0.3  Total Scope 3  (tonnes CO  2  e)  53,250  Total GHG Emissions (Scope 1, 2 &amp; 3)  (tonnes CO  2  e)  78,565   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Indirect Scope 3 GHG emissions 11

| LPA  Total Scope 3 Emissions  (tonnes CO  2  e)  63,395  Organic waste (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Paper and cardboard (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Glass (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Metal (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Electronic waste (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Plastic (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Hazardous waste (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Mixed waste (kg CO  2  e)  0*  Non-Operated Asset - Brage Field (tonnes CO  2  e)  63,394   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

6 Based on the operated asset in Oman and offices in Singapore and Norway

7 Emissions data includes assets in which the Group has operational control. GHG emissions are derived in accordance with the GHG Protocol.

8 Scope 1 direct emissions are calculated using emission factors from IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006 and global warming potentials from the IPCC 6th Assessment Report (AR6).

9 The equivalent CO 2 emissions for electricity and heating used are calculated based on the updated simple operating margin grid emission factor from the Energy Market Authority in Singapore for the relevant time period, a supplier emission factor for district heating and the Nordic mix for Norway.

10  Emissions are reported according to the Group's share of equity in both operated and non-operated assets.

11  Scope 3 indirect emissions are calculated using emission factors for waste using the LCA-method and Ecoinvent database as well as data provided by the operator. The reported emissions for the non-operated asset Brage Field is based on LPA's proportional share of equity in the asset and was pending operator's verification at press time.

*  Less than 0.5 tonnes

The Group has undertaken efforts to improve the energy usage efficiency at the wells, which can lead to cost improvements at each well site. In Oman, water handling on the FSO increases significant requirements of pumping and other associated power usage. In 2022, the Group embarked on a feasibility study regarding the water management on the MOPU to minimise energy consumption on the FSO.

In the Singapore office, the total electricity consumption was 12,557kWh while the total municipal water consumption was 6.4m 3  in FY2022. Despite its lean staff strength, we have made efforts to reduce energy consumption as well, such as:

- Monitor and publish water consumption results using digitalised platforms
- Install energy-efficient appliances and energy-saving fittings such as LED light
- Allow staff to telecommute where possible
- Set up a recycling corner in the workplace
- Reduce usage of single-use items such as straws, plastic utensils and cups
- Dispose waste appropriately to minimise marine pollution
- Reduce paper usage by printing on both sides and opting for soft copies
- Work with staff and stakeholders to encourage environmental sustainability

The Group's proprietary liquid hydrocarbon indicator, the RVD technology, empowers the Group to have a higher chance of success in finding oil, and in turn, minimises the use of resources and the adverse impact on the environment as fewer dry wells will be drilled.

## Diversification into Sustainable Solutions and Carbon Sequestration

GRI 203-2

The Group recognises the global trend to move from fossil fuel towards clean and sustainable energy. Renewables are representing the largest growth area in new energy supply. In 2019, the Group obtained shareholders' approval to diversify its business into sustainable solutions for energy production, materials used in various industries, and ownership or acquisition of related technology. The Group will, if the right opportunities arise, consider investments in these fields.

In December 2022, the Group's wholly-owned subsidiary Rex Technology Investments Pte Ltd (' RTI ') entered into a conditional subscription agreement with Xer Technologies Pte Ltd (' Xer ') to acquire more shares in Xer at a consideration of US$1 million. This has brought the Group's shareholding interest in the Singaporeregistered commercial drone company from 40 per cent to approximately 53 per cent. Additionally, as part of the deal, RTI will have to enter into a shareholders' agreement that would oblige it in having to inject a capital amount of up to S$3 million if Xer achieves certain technical and sales milestones.

Xer's unique heavy-duty drones will promote sustainable practices for corporations and government institutions on a global scale by replacing larger and heavier modes of transport such as helicopters, trucks and sea vessels for a wide range of applications, minimising environmental impact and reducing CO 2 emissions. As such, the acquisition brings the Group a step closer towards its business diversification mandate.

In December 2022, the Group's wholly-owned subsidiary Moroxite Holding Pte. Ltd. entered into a conditional share purchase agreement with Moroxite AB (' MA ') to purchase the entire issued share capital of medical technology company Moroxite T AB (' Moroxite T '), comprising 1,000 shares, at a nominal consideration of SEK 1 (approximately US$0.10), with a commitment to invest up to an additional SEK 43.2 million (approximately US$4.12 million), subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions. This transaction is pending shareholders' approval.

In 2021, LPA entered into an agreement with Nautilus Carbon Services AS to participate in the first phase of a larger project involving several other joint-industry project partners, which aims to secure a storage site in the Norwegian Continental Shelf (' NCS ') where CO 2 can be injected and safely stored permanently. Phase 1C of this carbon capture and storage project was completed in 2022, where a potentially viable injection site on the NCS had been identified. LPA is continuing with this project with two other partners.

## Marine Biodiversity

## GRI 304-2

The Group respects the interdependency of the marine ecosystem and aims to preserve marine biodiversity. As some of our sites are situated in the open sea or are situated near the coast, we have taken precautions to reduce the potential of harmful discharge into the oceans. The Group ensures that prior to the exploration of a new site, an EIA is conducted to ensure that we minimise the environmental damage on the selected location. The Group also actively looks for sites that have low levels of biodiversity to ensure that our operations do not adversely impact the marine life at sea.

In Norway, offshore operations near vulnerable areas will have stringent requirements and the operator has to demonstrate appropriate environmental risk management plans based on environmental survey or monitoring, mitigation measures and a comprehensive EIA for the application process. LPA has licences and developments projects in areas with challenges related to cold water corals, but these are resolved with detailed planning and communication with the relevant authorities.

The Brage Field is located in the northern part of the North Sea, and the production started in 1993. Vulnerable habitats or protected areas are not registered in near distance to the site.

The Group has also actively deployed its in-house technology - Rex Virtual Drilling to de-risk exploration prospects before drilling. The technology has provided the Group with an additional tool to assess the presence of oil through the study of seismic data, and has aided the Group in achieving four discoveries over the years. This has saved the Group from participating in exploration drillings that eventually turned out dry, hence reducing the waste of resources.

While the Group operates in offshore areas where biodiversity is scarce, it will work towards ensuring that its operations do not affect any protected species on the conservation list and adhere to legal requirements to perform site specific EIAs where required, independent of the level of biodiversity.

## Waste Management

GRI 306-1, 306-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5

Typical non-hazardous and hazardous wastes generated at the Group's offshore facilities include domestic waste and process related wastes such as general and packaging wastes, food waste, waste oils, oil-contaminated rags, hydraulic fluids, used batteries, paint cans, waste chemicals and used chemical containers, used filters, scrap metals, and medical waste, among others. Wastewaters routinely generated at offshore facilities are sewage, ballast water, deck drainage water and bilge water.

In Oman, MOL has implemented an operations-specific Waste Management Plan covering all wastes generated

during operations. This has been developed in accordance with applicable international requirements and local environmental regulations. All wastes generated offshore are brought onshore and will be managed by the vessel contractors and the collection by a third-party at the Port of Duqm in compliance with local applicable Oman environmental regulations.

MOL also collects and monitors waste-related data through the consignment note and receipt for the delivery of all offshore waste disposed onshore by third party waste operators.

## Waste Metrics 12

| Total Waste Generated (tonnes)  72  Total Hazardous Waste (tonnes)  0.5  Total Non-hazardous Waste (tonnes)  68.2  Total Drilling Waste (tonnes)  3.3  Total waste diverted from disposal (tonnes)  0  Total waste directed to disposal (tonnes)  72   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

MOL is aware of the risk of oil spill occurrences offshore and an Oil Spill Contingency Plan has been put in place. In FY2022, while there were no significant spills events (&gt;0.1m 3 ), there was a total of 0.048m 3  of oil spills to sea recorded in the Yumna Field. MOL recognises the significant adverse impacts of oil spills on the ocean and marine biodiversity, and is committed to ensure that its operations are safeguarded by strong operational control onsite to prevent such incidents from occurring.

## Water and Effluents Management

GRI 303-1, 303-2, 303-3, 303-4, 303-5

As a partner on the Brage Field operated by OKEA, LPA exercises its 'see-to-duty' duty to ensure that OKEA adheres to all applicable NCS regulations pertaining to water and effluent management. Discharges of effluents (produced water, drain water, displaced water) and chemicals needed for safe and efficient production is managed according to Norwegian regulations. The discharge permit is regulated by the Norwegian authorities and states that effluent discharge should be below 30 mg oil/L per month (weighted average).

12    Based on the operated asset in Oman

13  Based on the operated asset in Oman

*  Less than 0.5 megalitres

In Oman, operations are not located in water-stressed environments and no freshwater is withdrawn for oil production. The new FSO is equipped with a Reverse Osmosis Plant which processes sea water for general use resulting in the reduction of consumption of potable water by the FSO. This effort is part of the Group's commitment to reduce water usage and increase water recycling. In line with the Group's Produced Water Management Plan, we ensure that produced water is being treated and disposed safely into the marine environment in accordance with MARPOL and local environmental authority requirements and standards.

There were no exceedances of the regulatory discharge limits for produced water in 2022.

## Water Metrics 13

| Oman  Singapore  Norway  Total Water Withdrawn (megalitres)  Seawater  636  0  0  Municipal water  0*  0*  0*  Total Water Discharged (megalitres)  Seawater  634  0  0  Municipal Sewage  0*  0*  0*  Concentration (mg/L)  of hydrocarbons in the  water discharged  15  NA  NA  Total Water Consumption (megalitres)  Seawater  2  0  0   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental Targets

| Targets for FY2022  Status  FY2022 Performance  100% Compliance with  environmental laws and  regulations  Met  Zero environmental  non-compliance   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Targets for FY2023

| Short-term  •  Recycle and reuse waste materials  - Monitor and reduce resource consumption whenever possible  Long-term  •  Minimise environmental impact on marine  biodiversity   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

<!-- image -->

## FOCUS 5: CREATING INCLUSIVE COMMUNITIES

## Local Employment and Procurement

## GRI 202-2, 204-1

The Group focuses on engaging local talent in countries of our operations and upholds a strong commitment to develop a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities we serve. We ensure that our employment contracts are compliant with local laws and regulations. The Group also remunerates local employees according to the merit of the work conducted. All employees are remunerated based on merit as there is no legislation on minimum wage in the regions we operate in.

The Group believes that hiring locals can bring about intangible benefits to our business operations as we contribute economically to the respective jurisdictions. We actively seek to hire senior management locally for our significant locations of operation in Singapore, Norway and Oman. This includes individuals either born or who have the legal right to reside indefinitely (i.e. naturalised citizens or permanent visa holders) in the same geographic market as the operation. The Group has identified individuals who are responsible for the Group's core management function to be assigned as part of the senior management. In FY2022, a significant proportion of our senior and middle management across our locations are hired from the local community.

In addition, the Group contributes back to the local economy by procuring from local suppliers. We have prioritised sourcing from local equipment suppliers, where applicable, and only engage overseas suppliers when there are no eligible local suppliers available. This increases the resiliency of our supply chain while ensuring that we are well-equipped at our operational sites.

## Proportion of Spending on Local Suppliers

| Singapore Suppliers Norway Suppliers Oman Suppliers  68%  100%  60%   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Workforce Profile and Diversity

## GRI 401-1, 405-1, 405-2

The Group recognises that its success depends on its employees and the contributions they make. We are an equal opportunity employer that is fully committed to creating and maintaining an organisation that embraces and celebrates diversity.

Employees are recruited based on merit, regardless of age, ethnicity, gender, religion, marital status and disability, and the Group treats each individual with equal respect. Diversity allows the Company access to a greater pool of talent and can help to drive better business performance over time.

The Group values having a diverse set of opinions at Board level. Rex has formed a group of knowledgeable and diverse Board members who guides the organisation towards greater growth.

| Board age diversity  Number (#)  Percentage (%)  &lt;30 years old  0  0  30-50 years old  1  14  51-70 years old  4  57  &gt;70 years old  2  29  Board gender diversity  Number (#)  Percentage (%)  Male  6  86  Female  1  14   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

While the Group hires mostly permanent employees, there are workers who are employed by our suppliers who are assigned to sites under the Group's control. However, they do not contribute to the Group's workforce. The Group currently does not actively track the number of such workforce.

The following table provides the breakdown of our employees by permanent, temporary, non-guaranteed hours, full-time and part-time employees. The number of employees reported are the numbers at the end of the reporting period.

| Norway  Singapore  Oman  Total employees (#)  18  7*  22  Total employees by employment type (#)  Full-time, Fixed Term  18  6  22  Part-time/Non-guaranteed hours  0  1  0  Total employees by gender (#)  Female  6  5  5  Male  12  2  17  Employee age diversity (%)  Senior Management (&lt;30 years old)  0  0  0  Senior Management (30-50 years  old)  20  0  50  Senior Management (&gt;50 years old)  80  100  50  Middle Management (&lt;30 years old)  0  0  0  Middle Management (30-50 years  old)  50  100  100  Middle Management (&gt;50 years old)  50  0  0  Other employees (&lt;30 years old)  0  0  40  Other employees (30-50 years old)  44  75  53  Other employees (&gt;50 years old)  56  25  7  Employee gender diversity - females (%)  Senior Management  25  50  0  Middle Management  50  100  0  Other employees  33  75  33   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  Excludes Rex's overseas workforce

In FY2022, there were three departures and 13 new hires. As at 31 December 2022, the breakdown of our new employee hire and departures according to gender, age group and region are as follows.

| Norway  Singapore  Oman  Total new employee hire (#)  6  0  7  New employee hire by age group  Below 30 years old (#)  0  0  2  Below 30 years old (rate)  0  0  9  Between 30 and 50 years old (#)  3  0  2  Between 30 and 50 years old (rate)  12.5  0  9  Above 50 years old (#)  3  0  3  Above 50 years old (rate)  12.5  0  14  New employee hire by gender  Male (#)  5  0  6  Male (rate)  20.8  0  27  Female (#)  1  0  1  Female (rate)  4.2  0  4  Total employee turnover (#)  0  0  3  Employee turnover by age group  Below 30 years old  0  0  0  Between 30 and 50 years old  0  0  0  Above 50 years old  0  0  3  Employee turnover by gender  Male  0  0  3  Female  0  0  0   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Staff Benefits GRI 401-2

The Group strives to provide competitive benefits to our employees to retain talent. We offer fair compensation packages, based on practices of pay-for-performance and promotion based on merit, to its employees. The Group provides various healthcare and insurance subsidies for full-time employees. This includes group personal accident insurance, life insurance, healthcare, disability and invalidity coverage, as well as dental coverage.

We believe in allowing our employees to spend time together with their family. Employees who are parents, are entitled to parental leave to spend time meaningfully with their children. The following are the statistics for our parental leave entitlement.

| Norway  Singapore  Oman  Total number of employees that were entitled to parental leave  Male  1  0  11  Female  0  0  3  Total number of employees that took parental leave  Male  1  NA  2  Female  NA  NA  2  Total number of employees that returned to work in the reporting  period after parental leave ended  Male  1  NA  2  Female  NA  NA  2  Total number of employees that returned to work after parental  leave ended that were still employed 12 months after their  return to work  Male  1  NA  2  Female  NA  NA  2  Return to work rate  Male  100%  NA  100%  Female  NA  NA  100%  Retention rate  Male  N/A; Prior  reporting  year data not  available  NA  100%  Female  NA  NA  100%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Training and Development

GRI 404-1, 404-2

Providing appropriate staff development and training opportunities is one of the key internal performance targets monitored by the Group. In FY2022, employees in Singapore attended a variety of seminars and webinars, while adhering to local COVID-19 measures put in place by the authorities.

| Norway  Singapore  Oman  Total number of training hours  conducted for all employees  250  68  251  Total number of training hours by gender  Male  167  0  201  Female  83  68  50  Average hours of training by gender  Male  14  0  50  Female  14  13.6  25  Total training hours by employment category  Senior Management  80  20.5  0  Middle Management  120  26  0  Average training hours by employee category  Senior Management  40  20.5  0  Middle Management  60  26  0   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  2022,  employees  in  Singapore  attended  a  variety  of seminars and webinars:

## Finance

- Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore: Companies' Corporate Income Tax Obligations for Year of Assessment 2022
- Ernst &amp; Young: What you should know about the IRAS' New Tax Governance Framework and its implications for your business
- Ernst &amp; Young: Navigating Risk of Tax Disputes and Controversy in Singapore
- KPMG: New IRAS Tax Governance Initiatives
- Deloitte &amp; Touche: Fundamentals of Withholding Tax
- Deloitte &amp; Touche: Financial Reporting Updates and Tax Developments
- Ernst &amp; Young: GST Updates: Budget 2022 and Other Recent Developments
- Ernst &amp; Young: Singapore Budget 2022 webinar series
- Ernst &amp; Young: Transfer pricing documentation
- Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants: Ethical Issues in Fair Value Accounting
- Institute of Singapore Chartered Accountants: Ethics Update for Professional Accountants in Business
- KPMG: Understanding Employer CPF Obligations

## Corporate Governance &amp; Sustainability

- Ernst &amp; Young: Enhancing Reporting for Long-Term Sustainability
- Singapore Business Federation: Greening your Business - Carbon Management and RECs
- Singapore Institute of Directors: Singapore Governance and Transparency Forum 2022
- Singapore Business Federation: Why Now? How Now? Towards Corporate Sustainability
- Singapore Institute of Directors: 12th Board of Directors Survey
- Singapore Institute of Directors: Singapore Governance and Transparency Forum 2022
- Singapore Exchange Limited &amp; Global Compact Network Singapore: Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures
- Singapore Exchange Limited: Climate Change (TCFD) Report - Preparation, Meeting Requirements &amp; Digital Data Submission'
- Singapore Exchange Limited: ESGenome Disclosure Portal Pilot Programme
- RSM &amp; Greenbees: Green Business Advisory Seminar

## Energy

- Rystad Energy: Road to Transition: How will the new market reality play out for the upstream industry?

## Non-Discrimination

GRI 406-1

The Group is committed to creating a work environment where all staff are treated with dignity and respect as outlined in our Code of Conduct. This entails providing fair welfare and compensation, workplace health and safety, and a workplace that is free of discrimination. As at 31 December 2022, there were no incidents of workplace discrimination occurring within our operations. The Group does not tolerate any cases of discrimination and any reported incidents will be investigated.

## Inclusive Communities Targets

| ## Targets for FY2022  Status  ## FY2022 Performance  To procure all services from local suppliers, provided they can deliver the required quality on cost and time  Met  Majority of contracts for the drilling of the Brage South well in Norway and the Yumna-4 well campaign in Oman were procured from local service providers.  ## Targets for FY2023  Short-term  - Provide performance reviews for 100% of employees  - Assess new suppliers based on social and environmental considerations  - To procure all services from local suppliers where possible  - Increase number of community engagements  Long-term  - Assess all existing and new suppliers on social and environmental considerations  - To achieve at least 10 hours of training programmes per employee   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## SGX-ST 6 Primary Components Index

| S/N  Primary Component  ## Section Reference  1  Material Topics  •  Materiality Assessment  2  Climate-related disclosures consistent with  the TCFD recommendations  •  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change  3  Policies, Practices and Performance  •  Sustainability Strategy Overview  •  Focus 1 to 5  4  Board Statement  •  Board Statement  •  Sustainability Governance Structure  •  Risk Management  5  Targets  •  Focus 1 to 5  6  Framework  •  Reporting Practice   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Labour and Management Relations

GRI 402-1

The Group understands that there could be changes at our operational sites which could result in changes in our employee's working hours and condition. Therefore, we have ensured that our employees are informed of the change at least two weeks prior to implementing the change.

## Uplifting Local Communities

GRI 413-1

The Group aims to uplift the communities in locations we operate in. In 2022, our Singapore office donated food hampers to the Boys' Brigade Share-A-Gift 2022 project, which impacted 44,167 beneficiaries.

## GRI Content Index

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Location  Omission  GRI Sector  Standard Ref. No.  Reason  Explanation  GRI 2: General  Disclosures  2021  2-1 Organisational details  Organisational Profile  2-2 Entities included in the  organisation's sustainability  reporting  Reporting Practice  2-3 Reporting period, frequency  and contact points  Reporting Practice  2-4 Restatements of information  Reporting Practice  2-5 External assurance  Reporting Practice  2-6 Activities, value chain and  other business relationships  Organisational Profile, Annual  Report 2022  2-7 Employees  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  2-8 Workers who are not  employees  -  Information  not available  The Group  does not  track this  metric.  2-9 Governance structure and  composition  Sustainability Governance  Structure &amp; Board Statement  Corporate Governance Report  2-10 Nomination and selection of  the highest governance body  Corporate Governance Report  2-11 Chair of the highest  governance body  Corporate Governance Report  2-12 Role of the highest  governance body in overseeing the  management of impacts  Sustainability Governance  Structure &amp; Board Statement  2-13 Delegation of responsibility  for managing impacts  Sustainability Governance  Structure &amp; Board Statement  2-14 Role of the highest  governance body in sustainability  reporting  Sustainability Governance  Structure &amp; Board Statement  2-15 Conflicts of interest  Corporate Governance Report  2-16 Communication of critical  concerns  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  2-17 Collective knowledge of the  highest governance body  Sustainability Governance  Structure &amp; Board Statement  2-18 Evaluation of the performance  of the highest governance body  Corporate Governance Report  2-19 Remuneration policies  Corporate Governance Report  2-20 Process to determine  remuneration  Corporate Governance Report  2-21 Annual total compensation  ratio  -  Confidentiality  constraints  2-22 Statement on sustainable  development strategy  Message from the Chief Executive  Officer / Chief Sustainability  Officer  2-23 Policy commitments  Focus 1 to 5  2-24 Embedding policy  commitments  Focus 1 to 5  2-25 Processes to remediate  negative impacts  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  2-26 Mechanisms for seeking  advice and raising concerns  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  2-27 Compliance with laws and  regulations  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  2-28 Membership associations  Awards and Accreditations  2-29 Approach to stakeholder  engagement  Stakeholder Engagement  2-30 Collective bargaining  agreements  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-1 Process to determine material  topics  Materiality Assessment  3-2 List of material topics  Materiality Assessment  Statement of use  Rex International Holding has reported in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period 1 January 2022 to  31 December 2022.  GRI 1 used  GRI 1: Foundation 2021  Applicable GRI Sector Standard(s)  GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector 2021   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Location  Omission  GRI Sector  Standard Ref. No.  Reason  Explanation  Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Emissions  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.1  GRI 302:  Energy 2016  302-1 Energy consumption within  the organisation  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.2  302-2 Energy consumption outside  of the organisation  -  Not applicable  Metric under  evaluation  11.1.3  302-3 Energy Intensity  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.4  302-4 Reduction of energy  consumption  -  Not applicable  Metric under  evaluation  302-5 Reductions in energy  requirements of products and  services  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  GRI 305:  Emissions  2016  305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG  emissions  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.5  305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2)  GHG emissions  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.6  305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG  emissions  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.7  305-4 GHG emissions intensity  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.1.8  Climate adaptation, resilience, and transition  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate  Change  11.2.1  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  201-2 Financial implications and  other risks and opportunities due  to climate change  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate  Change  11.2.2  GRI 305:  Emissions  2016  305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions  Not applicable  Metric under  evaluation  11.2.3  Air Emissions  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.3.1  GRI 305:  Emissions  2016  305-6 Emissions of ozone-  depleting substances (ODS)  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur  oxides( Sox), and other significant  air emissions  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.3.2  GRI 416:  Customer  Health  and Safety  2016  416-1 Assessment of the health  and safety impacts of products  and service categories  -  Not applicable  Limited  applicability  to upstream  operations  11.3.3  416-2 Incidents of non-compliance  concerning the health and safety  impacts of products and services  -  Not applicable  Limited  applicability  to upstream  operations  Biodiversity  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.4.1  GRI 304:  Biodiversity  2016  304-1 Operational sites owned,  leased, managed in, or adjacent  to, protected areas and areas of  high biodiversity value outside  protected areas  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.4.2  304-2 Significant impacts of  activities, products and services  on biodiversity  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.4.3  304-3 Habitats protected or  restored  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.4.4  304-4 IUCN Red List species and  national conservation list species  with habitats in areas affected by  operations  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.4.5   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Location  Omission  GRI Sector  Standard Ref. No.  Reason  Explanation  Waste  GRI 306:  Effluents and  Waste 2016  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.5.1  306-1 Waste generation and  significant waste-related impacts  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.5.2  306-2 Management of significant  waste-related impacts  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.5.3  306-3 Waste generated  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.5.4  306-4 Waste diverted from  disposal  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.5.5  306-5 Waste directed to disposal  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.5.6  Water and Effluents  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.6.1  GRI 303: Water  and Effluents  2018  303-1 Interactions with water as a  shared resource  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.6.2  303-2 Management of water  discharge-related impacts  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.6.3  303-3 Water withdrawal  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.6.4  303-4 Water discharge  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.6.5  303-5 Water consumption  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.6.6  Closure and Rehabilitation  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.7.1  GRI 402:  Labour/  Management  Relations 2016  402-1 Minimum notice periods  regarding operational changes  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.7.2  11.10.5  GRI 404:  Training  and Education  2016  404-2 Programs for upgrading  employee skills and transition  assistance programs  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.7.3  11.10.7  List the operational sites that:  -  have closure and rehabilitation plans in place  -  have been closed  -  are in the process of being closed  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.7.4  List the decommissioned structures left in place  and describe the rationale for leaving them in place  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.7.5  Report the total monetary value of financial  provisions for closure and rehabilitation made by  the organisation, including post-closure monitoring  and aftercare for operational sites.  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.7.6  Asset integrity and critical incident management  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.8.1  GRI 306:  Effluents and  Waste 2016  306-3 Significant spills  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.8.2  Report the total number of Tier 1 and Tier 2 process  safety events, and a breakdown of this total by  business activity (e.g., exploration, development,  production, closure and rehabilitation, refining,  processing, transportation, storage)  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.8.3   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Location  Omission  GRI Sector  Standard Ref. No.  Reason  Explanation  Occupational health and safety  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.1  GRI 403:  Occupational  Health and  Safety 2018  403-1 Occupational health and  safety management system  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.2  403-2 Hazard identification,  risk assessment, and incident  investigation  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.3  403-3 Occupational health services  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.4  403-4 Worker participation,  consultation, and communication  on occupational health and safety  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.5  403-5 Worker training on  occupational health and safety  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.6  403-6 Promotion of worker health  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.7  403-7 Prevention and mitigation  of occupational health and safety  impacts directly linked by business  relationships  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.8  403-8 Workers covered by an  occupational health and safety  management system  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.9  403-9 Work-related injuries  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.10  403-10 Work-related ill health  Focus 2: Prioritising Health  and Safety  11.9.11  Employment Practices  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.10.1  GRI 401:  Employment  2016  401-1 New employee hires and  employee turnover  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.10.2  401-2 Benefits provided to full-  time employees that are not  provided to temporary or part-time  employees  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.10.3  401-3 Parental leave  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.10.4  11.11.3  GRI 404:  Training and  Education  2016  404-1 Average hours of training per  year per employee  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.10.6  11.11.4  Supply Chain Management  GRI 308:  Supplier  Environmental  Assessment  2016  308-1 New suppliers that were  screened using environmental  criteria  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  308-2 Negative environmental  impacts in  the supply chain and actions taken  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  GRI 414:  Supplier  Social  Assessment  2016  414-1 New suppliers screened  using social criteria  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.10.8  11.12.3  414-2 Negative social impacts in  the supply chain and actions taken  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.10.9  Non-discrimination and equal opportunity  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.11.1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Location  Omission  GRI Sector  Standard Ref. No.  Reason  Explanation  GRI 202:  Market  Presence  202-1 Ratios of standard entry  level wage by gender compared to  local minimum wage  -  Not applicable  No employees  compensated  based on  entry level  wage by  gender / local  minimum  wage rules  202-2 Proportion of senior  management hired from the local  community  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.11.2  GRI 405:  Diversity  and Equal  Opportunity  2016  405-1 Diversity of governance  bodies and employees  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.11.5  405-2 Ratio of basic salary and  remuneration  -  Not applicable  Metric under  evaluation  11.11.6  GRI 406: Non-  discrimination  2016  406-1 Incidents of discrimination  and corrective actions taken  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.11.7  Forced labor and modern slavery  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.12.1  GRI 408: Child  Labor 2016  408-1 Operations and suppliers  at significant risk for incidents of  child labor  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  GRI 409:  Forced or  Compulsory  Labor 2016  409-1 Operations and suppliers  at significant risk for incidents of  forced or compulsory labor  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.12.2  Economic Impacts  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.14.1  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  201-1 Direct economic value  generated and distributed  Annual Report 2022  11.14.2  11.21.2  201-3 Defined benefit plan  obligations and other retirement  plans  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  for Singapore  Companies  GRI 203:  Indirect  Economic  Impacts 2016  203-1 Infrastructure investments  and services supported  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.14.4  203-2 Significant indirect  economic impacts  Focus 4: Protecting our  Environment  11.14.5  GRI 204:  Procurement  Practices 2016  204-1 Proportion of spending on  local suppliers  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.14.6  Local communities  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.15.1  GRI 413: Local  Communities  2016  413-1 Operations with local  community engagement, impact  assessments, and development  programs  Focus 5: Creating Inclusive  Communities  11.15.2  413-2 Operations with significant  actual and potential negative  impacts on local communities  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.15.3  Report the number and type of grievances from local  communities identified , including :  -  Percentage of the grievances that were  addressed and resolved  -  Percentage of the grievances that were  resolved through remediation  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.15.4   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| GRI Standard  Disclosure  Location  Omission  GRI Sector  Standard Ref. No.  Reason  Explanation  Anti-competitive behavior  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.19.1  GRI 206: Anti-  competitive  Behaviour  2016  206-1 Legal actions for anti-  competitive behavior, anti-trust,  and monopoly practices  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.19.2  Anti-corruption  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.20.1  GRI 205: Anti-  corruption  2016  205-1 Operations assessed for  risks related to corruption  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.20.2  205-2 Communication and training  about anti-corruption policies and  procedures  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.20.3  205-3 Confirmed incidents of  corruption and actions taken  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.20.4  Describe the approach to contract transparency,  including:  -  Whether contracts and licenses are made publicly  and, if so, where they are published  -  If contracts or licenses are not publicly available,  the reason for this and actions taken to make  them public in the future  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.20.5  List the organisation's beneficial owners and explain  how the organisation identifies the beneficial  owners of business partners, including joint  ventures and suppliers  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.20.6  Payments to government  GRI 3: Material  Topics 2021  3-3 Management of material topic  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.21.1  GRI 201:  Economic  Performance  2016  201-4 Financial assistance  received from government  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.21.3  GRI 207: Tax  2019  207-1 Approach to tax  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.21.4  207-2 Tax governance, control, and  risk management  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.21.5  207-3 Stakeholder engagement  and management of concerns  related to tax  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  11.21.6  207-4 Country-by-country  reporting  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.21.7  For oil and gas purchased from the state, or from  third parties appointed by the state to sell on their  behalf, report:  -  volumes and types of oil and gas purchased;  -  full names of the buying entity and the recipient  of the payment;  -  payments made for the purchase  -  Not applicable  Not applicable  to REX  11.21.8  Customer Privacy  GRI 418:  Customer  Privacy 2016  418-1 Substantiated complains  concerning breaches of customer  privacy and losses of customer  data  Focus 1: Upholding Governance  and Ethics  Topics in the GRI 11: Oil and Gas Sector Standards determined as not material  Topic  Explanation  11.13   Freedom of association and collective  bargaining  Rex employees are not covered under collective bargaining agreements  11.16 Land and Resource Rights  Rex operates offshore  11.17 Rights of Indigenous Peoples (GRI 411)  Rex does not operate near indigenous communities  11.18 Conflict and Security (GRI 410)  Rex does not operate within locations of conflict  11.22 Public Policy (GRI 415)  Rex does not participate in political contributions   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## TCFD Index

| ## TCFD Disclosure  ## Section reference  ## Governance  a)  Board's oversight of climate related risks  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change  b)  Management's role in assessing and managing climate-related risks  Strategy  a)  Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the organisation  has identified over the short, medium, and long term  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change  b)  Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on the  organisation's businesses, strategy, and financial planning  c)  Describe the resilience of the organisation's strategy, taking into  consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a 2 degree  or lower scenario  The Group is taking a phased approach to TCFD  adoption. The Group will incorporate scenario analysis  and planning into our subsequent sustainability  reports when more information and tools are available  for greater accuracy and relevant analysis  Risk Management  a)  Describe the organisation's processes for identifying and assessing  climate-related risks  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change  b)  Describe the organisation's processes for managing climate-related  risks  c)  Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing  climate-related risks are integrated into the organisation's overall risk  management  Metrics and Targets  a)  Disclose the metrics sued by organisation to assess climate-related  risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management  process  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change  b)  Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2 and, if appropriate, Scope 3 greenhouse gas  (GHG) emissions, and the related risks  Focus 3: Resilience for Climate Change  Focus 4: Protecting our Environment  c)  Describe the targets used by the organisation to manage climate-related  risks and opportunities and performance against targets  Focus 4: Protecting our Environment   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

90

Annual Report 2022

90

Annual Report 2022

Brage Field, Norway Photo courtesy of Okea ASA

BRAGE

Dea

Wintershall

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board of Directors (the ' Board '  or  the  ' Directors ')  of  Rex  International Holding Limited (the ' Company '  and together with its subsidiaries, the ' Group ')  is  committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of corporate governance principles  and  processes  in  managing  its  business  and  affairs  to  enhance  long-term  shareholder  value  and  business performance, by embracing the tenets of good governance, including accountability, transparency and sustainability of the Group.

During the financial year under review, the Directors of the Company have reviewed its corporate governance practices and ensured that they are in compliance with the applicable provisions of the Code of Corporate Governance 2018 (the ' Code ') issued by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the applicable listing rules of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ')  (the  ' Listing Rules ').  Where applicable, deviations from the Code have been explained and how the Group's practices are consistent with the intent of the relevant principles.

This corporate governance report sets out how the Company has applied the principles of good corporate governance in a disclosure-based regime where the accountability of the Board to the Company's shareholders and the Management to the Board provides a framework for achieving a mutually beneficial tripartite relationship aimed at creating, enhancing and growing sustainable shareholders' value.

## GUIDELINE

General

## Principle 1

## 1.1

## Compliance to the Code

The  Company  has  complied  with  the  principles  and  provisions  as  set  out  in  the  Code  and  the disclosure  guide  developed  by  the  SGX-ST  in  2018  (the  ' Guide '),  where  applicable.  Appropriate explanations have been provided in the relevant sections below where there are deviations from the Code.

## BOARD MATTERS

## The Board's Conduct of Affairs

The  company  is  headed  by  an  effective  Board  which  is  collectively  responsible  and  works  with Management for the long-term success of the company.

Role of the Board

| Composition of the Board  Name of Director  Designation  Dan Broström  Executive Chairman  Dr Karl Lidgren  Executive Director  Sin Boon Ann  Lead Independent Non-Executive Director  Dr Christopher Atkinson  Independent Non-Executive Director  Mae Heng  Independent Non-Executive Director  John d'Abo  Independent Non-Executive Director  Dr Mathias Lidgren  Non-Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company's Board is committed to achieving and maintaining high standards of corporate governance principles and processes in managing its business and affairs to enhance long-term shareholder value and  business  performance,  by  embracing  the  tenets  of  good  governance,  including  accountability, transparency and sustainability of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board sees as its role to:

- (a) Provide entrepreneurial leadership guidance, set corporate strategic objectives and directions for  Management, which should include appropriate focus on value creation, innovation and sustainability;
- (b) Set the appropriate tone-from-the-top and desired organisational culture, and to ensure proper accountability within the Company;
- (c) Ensure  that  the  necessary  resources  are  in  place  for  the  Company  to  meet  its  strategic objectives;
- (d) Establish and maintain a sound risk management framework to effectively monitor and manage risks, and to achieve an appropriate balance between risks and company performance;
- (e) Constructively challenge Management and review its performance;
- (f) Instil  an  ethical corporate culture and ensure that the Company's values, standards, policies and practices are consistent with the culture; and
- (g) Oversee  the  overall  corporate  governance  of  the  Group  and  ensure  transparency  and accountability to key stakeholder groups.

The  Company's  Board  of  Directors  Policy  sets  out  the  principles  and  general  guidelines  for  the Directors, who should abide by the policy and any applicable law, legislation, the Listing Rules or the Companies Act. The policy covers aspects including Board composition and balance, Board diversity, tenure and number of directorships, Board member selection and orientation, and code of conduct for the avoidance of conflicts of interest and dealing in the shares of the Company.

## Conflicts of Interest

Specifically,  Directors  facing  conflicts  of  interest  are  to  recuse  themselves  from  discussions  and decisions involving the issues of conflict. The Company has in place a policy on Board of Directors whereby Directors should refrain from having any conflicts of interests with the Company to ensure that their duty to act in the best interest of the Company is not jeopardised. Where the director faces a conflict of interest, he or she should disclose this and recuse himself or herself from discussion and decisions involving the issue. For instance, if the Chairman of the Board (Chairman) is a member of the Nominating Committee (' NC '),  he  or  she may face a conflict of interest on discussions relating to the succession of the Chairman and should thus recuse himself or herself from such discussions after providing his or her input to the NC on other matters. This ensures that Directors continually meet the stringent requirements of independence under the Code.

## 1.2 Director Competencies

All directors have a good understanding of the Company's business as well as their directorship duties (including their roles as executive, non-executive and independent directors). For future appointments, the  Company  will  provide  each  newly  appointed  Director  with  a  formal  letter  of  appointment setting out the Director's role, duties, obligations and responsibilities, and the expectations of their contribution to the Company.

Directors are expected to develop their competencies to effectively discharge their duties and are provided with opportunities to develop and maintain their skills and knowledge at the Company's expense.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

All  newly  appointed Directors will undergo an orientation programme where the Director would be briefed on the Group's strategic direction, governance practices, business and organisation structure, and participate in an external course detailing the expected duties of a director of a listed company. To get a better understanding of the Group's business, the Directors will also be given the opportunity to  visit  the  Group's  operational  facilities  and  meet  with  Management,  whenever  required.  A  new Director who has no prior experience as a director of an issuer listed on the SGX-ST must also undergo mandatory training  in  his  roles  and  responsibilities  as  prescribed  by  the  SGX-ST.  All  directors  are required to undergo a one-time training on sustainability.

Except for Mr Sin Boon Ann and Ms Mae Heng, the rest of the Directors of the Company did not have prior experience holding directorship(s) in public listed companies in Singapore. All of the Directors except for Ms Mae Heng, Mr John d'Abo and Dr Mathias Lidgren, have been on the Company's board for more than seven years. To prepare and familiarise themselves with the roles and responsibilities of Directors of a public listed company, Mr John d'Abo and Dr Mathias Lidgren had completed the Listed Company Director  courses  conducted  by  the  Singapore  Institute  of  Directors  (the  ' SID ')  following their appointment to the Board. All directors have also completed the mandatory courses related to sustainability reporting.

Directors  are  also  regularly  updated  with  the  latest  professional  developments  in  relation  to  the Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  regulatory  updates  or  amendments  to  relevant  laws,  rules  and regulations to ensure the compliance of the same by all Directors.

In 2022, the Directors attended the following:

| Dr Christopher  Atkinson  (1)  Singapore Institute  of  Directors  -  LED  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Essentials  Dan Broström  (1)  Singapore  Institute  of  Directors  -  Criticaleye  Global  Virtual  Roundtable:  Evaluating the Impact of ESG  (2)  Singapore Exchange - Fireside Chat with Professor Tommy Koh  (3)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED Environmental, Social and Governance  Essentials  John d'Abo  (1)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED1 Listed Entity Director Essentials PART 1  (2)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED1 Listed Entity Director Essentials PART 2  (3)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED2 Board Dynamics  (4)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED3 Board Performance  (5)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED4 Stakeholder Engagement  (6)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED7 Nominating Committee Essentials  (7)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED8 Remuneration Committee Essentials  (8)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED Environmental, Social and Governance  Essentials  Dr Karl Lidgren  (1)  Singapore Institute  of  Directors  -  LED  Environmental,  Social  and  Governance  Essentials   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

| Mae Heng  (1)  Complete Corporate Services and Moore Stephens LLP - Singapore Budget  2022  (2)  Ernst &amp; Young - Singapore Budget 2022  (3)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED Environmental, Social and Governance  Essentials  (4)  Securities Commission Malaysia - Audit Oversight Board Conversation with  Audit Committees  (5)  The  Institute  of  Internal  Auditors  Singapore  -  Public  Sector  Internal  Audit  (PSIA) Conference 2022: Positioning Internal Audit for the Future  (6)  Bursa Malaysia - Advocacy Sessions for Directors and Senior Management of  Main Market Listed Issuers  (7)  KPMG  -  Understanding  the  requirements  in  Bursa  Malaysia's  Enhanced  Sustainability Reporting Framework  (8)  Securities Commission Malaysia - Audit Oversight Board Conversation with  Audit Committees  Dr Mathias  Lidgren  (1)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED1: Listed Entity Director Essentials PART 1  (2)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED1: Listed Entity Director Essentials PART 2  (3)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED2: Board Dynamics  (4)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED3: Board Performance  (5)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED4: Stakeholder Engagement  (6)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED7: Nominating Committee Essentials  (7)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED Environmental, Social and Governance  Essentials  Sin Boon Ann  (1)  National University of Singapore Faculty of Law - The Role of Precedent in  the Construction and Implication of Terms in Contracts by Dr John Eldridge,  Serle Court, UK  (2)  MDD Forensic Accountants - Accounting 101  (3)  National University of Singapore Faculty of Law - Sat Pal Khattar Professorial  Lecture: The Future of Tax Jurisdiction  (4)  Singapore Management University - Yong Pung How Professorship of Law  Lecture 2022 - The Effect of Choice of Court Agreements on Third Parties  (5)  Singapore Institute of Directors - LED Environmental, Social and Governance  Essentials   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 1.3 Material Transactions Requiring Board Approval

Matters that require the Board's approval include, amongst others, the following:

- Overall Group business and budget strategy;
- Annual and half-yearly financial reports and announcements on quarterly use of funds/cash by mineral, oil and gas companies;
- Capital expenditures exceeding certain material limits;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- Investments or divestments;
- All capital-related matters including capital issuance;
- Significant policies governing the operations of the Company;
- Corporate strategic development and restructuring;
- Interested person transactions exceeding a S$100,000 threshold; and
- Risk management strategies.

## Board Committees

The Board has delegated certain responsibilities to the Audit Committee (the ' AC '),  the  Remuneration Committee (the ' RC ')  and the Nominating Committee (the ' NC ')  (collectively, the ' Board Committees '). The composition of the Board Committees are as follows:

| Board Committee  Designation  AC  NC  RC  Chairperson  •  Mae Heng  •  Sin Boon Ann  •  Sin Boon Ann  Members  •  Dan Broström  •  Sin Boon Ann  •  Dr Karl Lidgren  •  John d'Abo  •  Dr Mathias Lidgren  •  Dan Broström  •  John d'Abo   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Each Board Committee has clear written terms of reference setting out their compositions, authorities and duties, including reporting back to the Board.

## 1.5 Board and Board Committee Meetings and Attendance

The  Board  meets  on  a  quarterly  basis,  and  as  and  when  circumstances  require.  In  the  financial  year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '), the number of Board and Board Committee meetings held and the attendance of each Board member at such meetings as well as at the Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') held on 29 April 2022 and the Extraordinary General Meetings (' EGM ') held on 3 March 2022 and 29 April 2022 are shown below:

| Board, Board Committee and General Meetings in FY 2022  Board  AC  NC  RC  AGM  EGM  Number of Meetings Held  4  4  3  3  1  2  Name of Director  Number of Meetings Attended  Dan Broström  4  4  -  3  1  2  Dr Karl Lidgren  4  -  3  -  1  2  Sin Boon Ann  4  4  3  3  1  2  Muhammad Sameer Yousuf Khan  (1)  1  1  1  1  1  1  Dr Christopher Atkinson  4  -  -  -  1  2  Mae Heng  (2)  3  3  -  -  -  -  John d'Abo  (3)  3  -  2  2  -  -  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (4)  3  -  2  -  -  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

- (1)  Mr Muhammad Sameer Yousuf Khan retired as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company upon the conclusion of the AGM held on 29 April 2022.
- (2)  Ms  Mae  Heng  was  appointed  as  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  and Chairperson of the Audit Committee on 4 May 2022.
- (3)    Mr John d'Abo was appointed as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and member of the Remuneration and Nominating Committees on 4 May 2022.

(4)    Dr  Mathias Lidgren was appointed as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and member of the Nominating Committee on 4 May 2022.

## 1.4

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

To  ensure  that  meetings  are  held  regularly  with  maximum  Directors'  participation,  the  Company's Constitution  allows  for  meetings  to  be  held  through  telephone  and  video  conferencing  software. The Company ensures that telephonic and screen sharing facilities are made available for directors to attend the board meetings.

Regular meetings are held by the Board to deliberate the strategic policies of the Company including significant acquisitions and disposals, review and approve annual budgets, review the performance of the business and approve the public release of periodic financial results. The Board will also convene additional meetings for particular matters as and when they are deemed necessary.

While the Board considers Directors' attendance at Board meetings to be important, it is not the only criterion which the Board uses to measure Directors' contributions. The Board also takes into account the contributions by Board members in other forms including periodical reviews, provision of guidance and advice on various matters relating to the Group.

The responsibility of day-to-day management, administration and operation of the Group are delegated to the Executive Chairman, the Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Group (the ' CEO '). The CEO does not sit on the Board. The CEO has accumulated sufficient and valuable experience to hold his position in order to ensure that his fiduciary duties can be carried out in an effective and efficient manner.

## Complete, Adequate and Timely Information

Management ensures that all Directors are furnished on an on-going basis with relevant, complete, adequate and timely information concerning the Company, to enable them to make informed decisions and  discharge  their  duties  and  responsibilities.  Information  provided  to  the  Board  include  board papers, copies of disclosure documents, budgets, forecasts, business strategies, risk analyses and assessments, internal financial statements and reports from the internal and external auditors. Most of the information distributed on electronic devices to the Board are password protected for added cyber security. The Board has unrestricted access to the Company's records and information.

Management  recognises  the  importance  of  circulating  information  on  a  timely  basis  to  ensure that the Board has adequate time to review the materials to facilitate a constructive and effective discussion during the scheduled meetings. As such, Management endeavours to circulate information for  the  Board  meetings  at  least  one  week  prior  to  the  meetings  to  allow  sufficient  time  for  the Directors' review.

Directors have separate and independent access to Management, the Company Secretary, and external advisers (where necessary) at the Company's expense. The appointment and removal of the Company Secretary is a decision of the Board as a whole.

## Board's Independent Access to Management

Management  is  available  to  provide  explanatory  information  in  the  form  of  emails,  telephone conferences or briefings to the Directors or formal presentations in attendance at Board meetings, or such information can also be provided by external consultants engaged on specific projects. Directors are  also  provided  with  the  contact  details  of  key  management  personnel  to  facilitate  direct  and independent access to Management.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Management will also provide any additional material or information that is requested by Directors or that is necessary to enable the Board to make a balanced and informed decision or assessment of the Group's performance, position and prospects.

Meetings  with  subsidiaries,  partners  and  consultants  through  overseas  trips  are  also  arranged, whenever possible. The Executive Chairman also provides frequent information updates to other fellow Directors through emails, telephone conferences and informal meetings.

Furthermore, the Management keeps the Board apprised of regulatory updates and implications, as well as significant project updates.

## Company Secretary

The role of the Company Secretary, the appointment and removal of whom is a matter for the Board as a whole, is as follows:

- Ensuring that Board procedures are observed and that the Company's Constitution, relevant rules and regulations, including requirements of the Securities and Futures Act 2001, the Companies Act 1967 and the Listing Rules, are complied with;
- Assisting the Executive Chairman to ensure good information flow within the Board and the Board Committees and Management;
- Attending and preparing minutes for Board meetings;
- Assisting  to  ensure  coordination  and  liaison  between  the  Board,  the  Board  Committees  and Management, in its capacity as secretary to all other Board Committees; and
- Assisting the Executive Chairman, the Chairperson of each Board Committee and Management in the development of the agenda for the various Board and Board Committee meetings.

The Directors have separate and independent access to the Company Secretary.

## Independent Professional Advice

Each Director has the right to seek independent legal and other professional advice, at the Company's expense, concerning any aspect of the Group's operations or undertakings in order to fulfil their duties and responsibilities as Directors.

## Board Composition and Guidance

## Principle 2 The Board has an appropriate level of independence and diversity of thought and background in its composition to enable it to make decisions in the best interests of the company.

## 2.1 Independent Directors

The  Board  takes  into  account  the  existence  of  relationships  or  circumstances,  including  those identified by the Code, that are relevant in its determination as to whether a Director is independent.

The NC has reviewed and confirmed the independence of the Independent Directors in accordance with the Code's definition of an 'independent director', practice guidance as to the relationships, the existence of which would deem a Director not to be independent and under the applicable Listing Rules. The Independent Directors have also confirmed their independence in accordance with the Code and under the applicable Listing Rules.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

There is no Director who is deemed independent by the Board, notwithstanding the existence of a relationship as stated in the practice guidance to the Code that would otherwise deem him not to be independent.

## Duration of Independent Directors' Tenure

It  is  the  Company's  policy  that  the  submission  for  re-election  of  an  Independent  Director  who  has served beyond nine years since the date of his or her appointment would be reviewed and approved by the NC.

Mr Sin Boon Ann is the only independent director who has served beyond nine years since the date of  his  appointment (26 June 2013) (whether before or after listing). His continued appointment as an  independent  director  was  passed  via  two-tier  voting  by  all  shareholders  and  by  shareholders, excluding the directors and the chief executive officer of the Company and their associates, at the Company's annual general meeting held on 29 April 2022. Mr Sin Boon Ann remains as independent director  until  the  conclusion  of  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year ending  31  December  2023  pursuant  to  the  Transition  Practice  Note  4  Transitional  Arrangements regarding the Tenure Limit for Independent Directors. The other independent director, Dr Christopher Atkinson, who was appointed to the Board on 6 January 2015, will remain as independent director until  the  conclusion  of  the  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  for  the  financial  year  ending 31  December  2023.  The  Company  had  put  in  place  a  board  renewal  plan.  Independent  directors Ms Mae Heng and Mr John d'Abo were appointed to the Board on 4 May 2022.

## Proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors

In  view  that  the  Executive  Chairman  is  part  of  the  management  team  and  is  not  an  independent director, Provision 2.2 of the Code is met as the Independent Directors make up more than half of the Board since the Company's listing in July 2013.

A majority of four out of seven directors on the Board are Independent Non-Executive Directors.

## 2.3 Lead Independent Director

The  Company has a lead  independent  director  who  plays  an  additional  facilitative  role  within  the Board, and where necessary, may also facilitate communication between the Board and shareholders or other stakeholders of the Company. Please refer to Provision 3.3 of this report for more information.

## 2.4 Board Diversity

The  Board  comprises  seven  directors:  One  Executive  Chairman,  one  Executive  Director,  one  NonIndependent  Non-executive  Director  and  four  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors,  who  have  the appropriate mix of core competencies and diversity of experience, to direct and lead the Company. There  is  a  good  balance  between  the  Executive  and  Non-Executive  Directors,  with  a  strong  and independent element on the Board.

The composition of the Board will be reviewed on an annual basis by the NC to ensure that the Board has the appropriate mix of expertise and experience, and collectively possess the necessary core competencies for effective functioning and informed decision-making.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Board's  policy  in  identifying  director  nominees  is  primarily  to  have  an  appropriate  mix  of members with complementary skills, core competencies and experience for the Group, regardless of  background,  gender,  ethnicity  or  nationality.  The  current  seven  Board  members  are  of  three different nationalities.

The Board is of the view that the current board size is appropriate to effectively facilitate decision making in relation to the operations of the Group, taking into account the nature and scope of the Company's operations,  while  the  Company  is  transitioning  through  a  board  renewal.  The  Board  believes  that  the current  Board  members  comprise  persons  whose  diverse  skills,  knowledge,  experience,  gender,  age and attributes provide for an appropriate balance for effective direction for the Group that would avoid groupthink and foster constructive debate. The NC is also of the view that the current Board members comprise persons with a broad range of expertise and experience in diverse areas including accounting, finance,  legal,  business  and  management,  technology,  oil  and  gas,  strategic  planning  and  regional business experience.

In accordance to Rule 710A(1) of the SGX Listing Rules, the Company has in place a board diversity policy, which includes the Board's objectives to ensure that:

- (a) female candidates are included for consideration by the NC whenever it seeks to identify a new director for appointment to the Board; and
- (b) there is appropriate female representation on the Board at any one time from 2023.

The Board has taken the following steps to maintain or enhance its objective to have balance and diversity on the Board:

- Annual review by the NC and periodic engagement of external consultants to assess if the existing attributes and core competencies of the Board are complementary and enhance the efficacy of the Board; and
- Annual evaluation by the Directors of the skill sets the other Directors possess, with a view to understand the range of expertise which is lacking by the Board.

As part of its Board renewal process, the Company appointed two Independent Non-Executive directors and one Non-Independent Non-Executive director in 2022. The Company achieved gender diversity on the Board with the appointment of its first female director to the Board in May 2022.

To  meet the changing challenges in the industry and countries which the Group operates in, such reviews  and  evaluations,  which  includes  considering  factors  such  as  the  expertise,  skills  and perspectives which the Board needs against the existing competencies, would be done on an annual basis to ensure that the Board dynamics remain optimal.

The NC will also monitor the implementation of board diversity and report annually on the Board's composition in terms of diversity, in the Company's Corporate Governance Report and will consider the results of these exercises in its recommendation for the appointment of new directors and/or the reappointment of incumbent directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## 2.5 Non-Executive Director Meetings in Absence of Management

The  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  constructively  challenge  and  help  develop  proposals  on strategies. From time to time, the Independent Non-Executive Directors, led by any independent director as appropriate, have met in the absence of Management in FY2022 to discuss concerns or matters such as overall Group business strategies and investments. The chairperson of such meetings provides feedback to the Board and/or the Executive Chairman as appropriate.

## Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

## Principle 3 There is a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the Board and Management, and no one individual has unfettered powers of decision-making.

## 3.1 Segregation of the Role of Chairman and the CEO

The  roles  of  the  Executive  Chairman  and  the  CEO  are  separate  to  ensure  a  clear  division  of  their responsibilities,  increased  accountability  and  greater  capacity  of  the  Board  for  independent  decision making.  The  Executive  Chairman  is  not  related  to  the  CEO  and  is  not  a  substantial  shareholder  of the Company.

The Executive Chairman leads and ensures the effectiveness of the Board, and his roles include:

- (a) Promoting a culture of openness and debate at the Board;
- (b) Facilitating the effective contribution of all Directors; and
- (c) Promoting high standards of corporate governance.

The  Executive  Chairman  sets  the  Board's  meeting  agenda  and  ensures  the  quality,  quantity  and timeliness  of  the  flow  of  information  between  the  Board  and  Management  to  facilitate  efficient decision-making.  He  chairs  the  Board  meetings  and  encourages  the  Board  members  to  present their views on topics under discussion at the meetings in a boardroom culture that promotes open interaction and contributions by all. He also assists in ensuring compliance with the Group's guidelines on corporate governance.

Externally,  the  Executive  Chairman  is  the  face  of  the  Board  and  ensures  effective  communication with  shareholders  and  other  stakeholders.  Within  the  Company,  the  Executive  Chairman  ensures appropriate relations within the Board, and between the Board and Management, in particular, between the Board and the CEO.

The  CEO  is  responsible  for  the  business  management  and  day-to-day  operations  of  the  Group. The  CEO  takes  a  leading  role  in  developing  and  expanding  the  businesses  of  the  Group,  including making major business and finance decisions. The CEO also oversees the execution of the Group's business  and  corporate  strategy  as  set  out  by  the  Board  and  ensures  that  the  Directors  are  kept updated and informed of the Group's businesses.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 3.2 The Board has established and set out in writing the division of responsibilities between the Executive Chairman  and  the  CEO.  The  Executive  Chairman's  performance  and  appointment  to  the  Board  were reviewed by the NC. The Executive Chairman and CEO's remuneration packages were reviewed by the RC. As the roles of the Executive Chairman and the CEO are separate, and the AC and RC comprise a majority of  Independent  Directors  of  the  Company,  the  Board  believes  that  there  are  adequate  safeguards  in place to ensure a balance of power and authority, such that no one individual represents a considerable

concentration of power.

## 3.3 Lead Independent Director

The Board has a Lead Independent Director, Mr Sin Boon Ann, to provide leadership in situations where the Executive Chairman is conflicted. The appointment of Mr Sin Boon Ann as the Lead Independent Director, where the Executive Chairman is part of the management team and is not an independent director, is in line with the recommendation under Provision 3.3 of the Code. The Lead Independent Director  is  a  key  member  of  the  Board,  representing  the  views  of  the  Independent  Directors  and facilitating a two-way flow of information between shareholders, the Chairman and the Board.

The  Lead  Independent  Director's  role  may  include  chairing  Board  meetings  in  the  absence  of  the Chairman, working with the Chairman in leading the Board, and providing a channel to non-executive directors  for  confidential  discussions  on  any  concerns  and  to  resolve  conflicts  of  interest  as  and when necessary.

Mr Sin Boon Ann is also chairman of the NC and the RC. The NC is responsible for conducting annual performance evaluation and development succession plans for the Chairman and CEO; while the RC is responsible for designing and assessing the Chairman's and CEO's remuneration.

The  Lead  Independent  Director  also  makes  himself  available  at  all  times  when  shareholders  have concerns and for which contact through the normal channels of communication with the Executive Chairman or Management have failed to resolve or are inappropriate. Submissions can be made to the Lead Independent Director at independent.director@rexih.com and will be treated with strictest confidentiality.  The  Lead  Independent  Director  makes  himself  available  to  shareholders  at  the Company's general meetings.

## Independent Director Meetings in Absence of Other Directors

To  facilitate  well-balanced  viewpoints  on  the  Board,  the  Lead  Independent  Director  will,  where necessary,  chair  meetings  with  the  Independent  Directors  without  the  involvement  of  other Directors, and the Lead Independent Director will provide feedback to the Executive Chairman after such meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Board Membership

Principle 4 The Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment of Directors to the Board, taking into account the need for progressive renewal of the Board.

## 4.1 Nominating Committee

The NC is guided by key terms of reference as follows and makes recommendations to the Board on relevant matters relating to:

- (a) The review of succession plans for the Company's Directors, in particular, the appointment and/ or replacement of the Executive Chairman, the CEO and key management personnel;
- (b) The process and criteria for evaluation of the performance of the Board, its board committees and directors;
- (c) The  review  of  training  and  professional  development  programmes  for  the  Board  and  its directors;
- (d) The  appointment  and  re-appointment  of  directors  (including  alternate  directors,  if  any),  in accordance with the Constitution, having regard to the Director's contribution and performance (for example, attendance, preparedness, participation and candour) including, if applicable, as an Independent Non-Executive Director. All Directors shall be required to submit themselves for re-nomination and re-election at regular intervals and at least once every three years;
- (e) Reviewing and approving any new employment of related persons and their proposed terms of employment;
- (f) Determining annually, and as and when circumstances require, whether or not a Director is independent;
- (g) Reviewing and deciding whether or not a Director who has multiple board representations on various companies is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as Director, having regard to the competing time commitments that are faced when serving on multiple boards and discharging his/her duties towards other principal commitments;
- (h) Deciding whether or not a Director of the Company is able to and has been adequately carrying out his/her duties as a Director; and
- (i) Developing a process for evaluation of the performance of the Board, the Board Committees and Directors and proposing objective performance criteria, as approved by the Board that allows comparison with its industry peers, and addresses how the Board has enhanced longterm shareholders' value.
- 4.2 The Board has established an NC which comprises four members, half of whom including the Chairman of  the  NC,  are  Independent  Directors.  The  members of the NC, with the Lead Independent Director as
- Chairman, are as follows:

| Sin Boon Ann  Chairman Member Member Member  Lead Independent Non-Executive Director  Dr Karl Lidgren  Executive Director  John d'Abo  Independent Non-Executive Director  Dr Mathias Lidgren  Non-Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As part of the Company's progressive renewal of the Board, Dr Mathias Lidgren was appointed to the Board and to the NC on 4 May 2022, with the intention to take over the representation of the interests of Limea Ltd., the controlling shareholder of the Company, from Dr Karl Lidgren over time. As such, the composition of the NC during this transition period deviates from Provision 4.1 of the Code, which requires  the  majority  of  the  NC  members  to  be  independent.  Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  the Board is of the view that the Board has a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re-appointment  of  Directors  to  the  Board,  taking  into  account,  among  others,  its  key  terms  of reference, nomination process as disclosed herein.

The Company's process for the selection, nomination, appointment and re-appointment of directors to the Board, including the criteria used to identify and evaluate potential new directors and channels used in searching for appropriate candidates are detailed below.

## Board Nomination Process

The Board has adopted the following nomination process for the Company in the last financial year for selecting and appointing new directors and re-electing incumbent directors:

| ## Process for the Selection and Appointment of New Directors:  1.  Determination of  selection criteria  •  The NC, in consultation with the Board, would identify the  current needs of the Board in terms of skills, experience,  knowledge and gender to complement and strengthen the  Board and increase its diversity.  2.  Search for suitable  candidates  •  The NC would consider candidates drawn from the contacts  and networks of existing Directors and may approach relevant  institutions  such  as  the  SID,  professional  organisations  or  business federations to source for a suitable candidate.  3.  Assessment of  shortlisted candidates  •  The NC would meet and interview the shortlisted candidates  to assess their suitability.  4.  Appointment of Director  •  The NC would recommend the selected candidate to the Board  for consideration and approval.  •  The  Company  will  provide  each  newly  appointed  Director  with a formal letter of appointment setting out the Director's  duties and obligations.  ## Process for the Re-election of Incumbent Directors:  1.  Assessment of Director  •  The  NC  would  assess  the  performance  of  the  Director  in  accordance with the performance criteria set by the Board.  •  The NC would also consider the current needs of the Board.  2.  Re-appointment of  Director  •  Subject  to  the  NC's  satisfactory  assessment,  the  NC  would  recommend the proposed re-appointment of the Director to  the Board for its consideration and approval.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Constitution requires that  all  Directors  to  retire  from  office  once  every  three  years.  At  each  AGM, one-third of the Board (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than  one-third)  shall  retire  from  office  by  rotation.  A  retiring  Director  is  eligible  for  re-election  by  the shareholders at the AGM.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 4.4

The NC has determined in 2022 that none of the Independent Directors has any relationships with the Company, its related corporations, its substantial shareholders or its officers, if any, which may affect their independence. Dr Christopher Atkinson is representing the Company as an Independent Director in the Group's subsidiaries, Lime Petroleum AS and Masirah Oil Ltd.

- 4.5 The NC ensures that new Directors are aware of their duties and obligations. The NC also decides if a

Director is able to and has been adequately carrying out his or her duties as a Director of the Company.

## Directors' Key Information

Key information regarding the Directors, including their present and past three years' directorships in other listed companies and other principal commitments are set out below:

<!-- image -->

| Name of  Director  Position  Date of Initial  Appointment  Date of Last  Re-election /  Re-appointment  Current  Directorships  in Other Listed  Companies  Current / Principal  Commitments  Directorships  in Other  Listed  Companies  Over the Past  Three Years  Dan  Broström  Executive  Chairman  11 January 2013  23 April 2021  Other Listed  Companies: Nil  Principal  Commitment:  -   Cathay (Venture)  Pte Ltd  -   Havalina Pte Ltd  -   Xer Technologies  Pte. Ltd.  NA  Dr Karl  Lidgren  Executive  Director  1 May 2013  29 April 2022  Other Listed  Companies: Nil  Principal  Commitment:  - Cresta Group Ltd  -   T race Atlantic  Oil Ltd  - Limea Ltd  -   Monarch Marine  Holding Ltd  - Orango Oil Ltd.  NA   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

| Name of  Director  Position  Date of Initial  Appointment  Date of Last  Re-election /  Re-appointment  Current  Directorships  in Other Listed  Companies  Current / Principal  Commitments  Directorships  in Other  Listed  Companies  Over the Past  Three Years  Sin Boon Ann  Lead  Independent  Non-  Executive  Director  26 June 2013  23 April 2021  Other Listed  Companies:  -   Healthway  Medical  Corporation  Limited  - OUE Limited  -   CSE Global  Limited  - TIH Limited  -   Sarine  Technologies Ltd  -   The Trendlines  Group Ltd  Principal  Commitment:  -   Drew &amp; Napier  LLC  -   HRnet Group  Limited  Dr  Christopher  Atkinson  Independent  Non-  Executive  Director  6 January 2015  29 April 2022  Other Listed  Companies:  -   Far East Gold  Ltd  (2)  Principal  Commitment:  -   Worldwide  Petroleum  Services Pte Ltd  -   Helios Aragon  Pte Limited  -   Spice Islands  Liquors Pte  Limited  -   Sonoro  Energy  Limited  (1)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

<!-- image -->

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Name of  Director  Position  Date of Initial  Appointment  Date of Last  Re-election /  Re-appointment  Current  Directorships  in Other Listed  Companies  Current /  Principal  Commitments  Directorships  in Other  Listed  Companies  Over the Past  Three Years  John d'Abo  Independent  Non-  Executive  Director  4 May 2022  NA  Other Listed  Companies: Nil  Principal  Commitment:  -   Erland Advisors  Ltd  NA  Dr Mathias  Lidgren  Non-  Independent  Non-  Executive  Director  4 May 2022  NA  Other Listed  Companies: Nil  Principal  Commitment:  -   Moroxite Holding  Pte. Ltd.  -   Propatria AB  -   Rotationsplast I  Munka-Ljungby  AB  -   Caithness  Fastighets AB  -   Forvaltningsak-  tiebolaget Maple  -   T rolleholms Slott  AB  -   Captiosus AB  -   Strominnate  Therapeutics AB  -   Moroxite T  -   Medical Doctor  -   Postdoctoral  Researcher  - Moroxite T AB  NA   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1)  Listed on TSX Venture Exchange  (2)  Listed on Australian Stock Exchange  (3)  Listed on Bursa Malaysia NA - Not Applicable

'Principal Commitments' as defined in the Code include all commitments which involve significant time commitment such as full time occupation, consultancy work, committee work, non-listed company board representations and directorships and involvement in non-profit organisations. Where a director sits on the boards of non-active related corporations, those appointments should not normally be considered principal commitments.

Further information on the Directors is set out on pages 10 to 13 of this Annual Report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Multiple Directorships

The  Board  had  previously  capped  the  maximum  number  of  listed  company  board  representations each Director may hold to seven, to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time and attention to adequately perform their role.  During  the  Board  Meeting  held  on  26  February  2021,  the  NC  opined that  the  effectiveness  of  each  Director  was  best  evaluated  and  determined  by  assessing  his/her contributions and ability to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company's affairs and his/her acts in the interests of the Company. The Board agreed that representation on the board of directors of several listed companies was no longer a matter of concern to the Board. Hence, there was no need to set a numerical limit to the number of board memberships in listed companies that each Director might hold during his or her term of office.

The NC does not wish to omit from consideration outstanding individuals who, despite the demands on their time, have the capacity to participate and contribute as members of the Board.

The considerations in assessing the capacity of Directors include the following:

- Expected and/or competing time commitments of Directors;
- Geographical location of Directors;
- Size and composition of the Board; and
- Nature and scope of the Group's operations and size.

The  NC  takes  into  consideration  the  following  measures  and  evaluation  tools  in  its  assessment  of competing time commitments of Directors:

- Declarations by individual Directors of their other listed company board directorships and principal commitments;
- Annual confirmations by each Director on his/her ability to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company's affairs, having regard to his/her other commitments; and
- Assessment of the individual Directors' performance based on the criteria set out in Principle 5 of this report.

The NC has reviewed the time spent and attention given by each of the Directors to the Company's affairs, taking into account the multiple directorships and other principal commitments of each of the Directors (if any), and is satisfied that all Directors have discharged their duties adequately in FY2022.

## Alternate Directors

The Company does not have any alternate directors on its Board currently. Alternate directors may be appointed as and when the Board deems necessary. Circumstances which warrant such appointments may include health and age related concerns as well as Management succession plans.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Re-election of Directors

Pursuant to the Company's Constitution, Mr Dan Broström and Mr Sin Boon Ann will retire by rotation as Director of the Company at the forthcoming AGM.

The NC has recommended to the Board that Mr Dan Broström and Mr Sin Boon Ann be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM.

Mr Dan Broström will, upon re-election as a Director, remain as Executive Chairman of the Company. Further information on Mr Dan Broström can be found on page 10 of the Annual Report.

Sin  Boon  Ann  will,  upon  re-election  as  a  Director,  remain  as  the  Lead  Independent  Non-Executive Director of the Company, the Chairman of the NC and the RC respectively, and a member of the AC. Further information on Sin Boon Ann can be found on page 11 of the Annual Report.

The  Constitution  further  provides  that  any  Director  appointed  to  fill  a  casual  vacancy  or  as  an additional Director shall hold office only until the next AGM of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election, but shall not be taken into account in determining the number of Directors who are to retire by rotation at such meeting.

The NC has recommended to the Board that Ms Mae Heng, Mr John d'Abo and Dr Mathias Lidgren, who are due to retire pursuant to the aforesaid provision, be re-elected at the forthcoming AGM.

Ms Mae Heng will, upon re-election as a Director, remain as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and chairperson of the AC. Further information on Ms Mae Heng can be found on page 12 of the Annual Report.

Mr John d'Abo will, upon re-election as a Director, remain as an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and member of the AC and the NC. Further information on Mr John d'Abo can be found on page 12 of the Annual Report.

Dr Mathias Lidgren will, upon re-election as a Director, remain as a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and member of the NC. Further information on Dr Mathias Lidgren can be found on page 13 of the Annual Report.

Each member of the NC has abstained from voting on any resolutions and making recommendation and/ or participating in respect of matters in which he has an interest.

## Board Performance

## Principle 5 The Board undertakes formal annual assessment of its effectiveness as a whole, and that of each of its board committees and individual directors.

## 5.1 Performance Criteria

The Board has established processes including taking into consideration the attendance record at the meetings of the Board and the Board Committees for monitoring and evaluating the performance of the Board as a whole and effectiveness and contribution of individual directors. At the same time, the processes also identify weaker areas where improvements can be made. The Board and individual directors can direct more effort in those areas for achieving better performance of the Board and better effectiveness of individual directors.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The NC has been tasked to evaluate the Board's performance covering areas that include, inter alia, size and composition of the Board, Board's access to information, Board processes, strategic planning and accountability.

The NC shall also review the overall performance of the Board in terms of its role and responsibilities and the conduct of its affairs as a whole.

The  review  of  the  performance  of  the  Board  is  conducted  by  the  NC  annually.  The  review  of  the performance of each Director is also conducted at least annually and when the individual Director is due for re-election.

For FY2022, the review process was as follows:

1. All Directors individually completed a board evaluation questionnaire on the effectiveness of the Board based on criteria disclosed;
2. The Company Secretary collated and submitted the questionnaire results to the NC Chairman in the form of a report;
3. The NC discussed the report and concluded the performance results during the NC meeting; and
4. Each  individual  Director  was  also  requested  to  send  a  duly  completed  confidential  individual director self-assessment checklist to the NC chairman for review.

All NC members have abstained from the voting or review process of any matters in connection with the assessment of their individual performance.

The  assessment  criteria  include,  inter  alia,  Director's  attendance,  commitment  of  time,  candour, participation, knowledge and abilities, teamwork, and overall effectiveness.

The NC would review the aforementioned criteria on a periodic basis to ensure that the criteria is able to provide an accurate and effective performance assessment taking into consideration industry standards and the economic climate with the objective to enhance long term shareholders value, and thereafter propose amendments if any, to the Board for approval. There has been no change in assessment criteria for FY2022 as the assessment criteria for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 was considered adequate for the aforementioned assessment.

The NC, having reviewed the overall performance of the Board in terms of its role and responsibilities and  the  conduct  of  its  affairs  as  a  whole,  is  of  the  view  that  the  performance  of  the  Board  has been satisfactory in FY2022 and that the Board has met its performance objectives in FY2022. The evaluation  process  of  the  overall  performance  of  the  Board  was  conducted  without  an  external facilitator in FY2022.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## REMUNERATION MATTERS

## Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies

Principle 6 The Board has a formal and transparent procedure for developing policies on director and executive remuneration, and for fixing the remuneration packages of individual directors and key management personnel. No director is involved in deciding his or her own remuneration.

## 6.1 Remuneration Committee

To effect the best corporate governance, the Company has established an RC. The RC recommends to  the  Board  a  framework  of  remuneration  for  the  Directors  and  key  management  personnel,  and determines  specific  remuneration  packages  for  each  Director,  as  well  as  for  key  management personnel. The recommendations will be submitted for endorsement by the Board.

All aspects of remuneration, including but not limited to directors' fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses and benefits in kind, will be covered by the RC. The RC will also review annually the remuneration of employees who are immediate family members of a Director, CEO or substantial shareholder of the Company, to ensure that their remuneration packages are in line with staff remuneration guidelines and commensurate with their respective job scopes and level of responsibilities. The RC will also review and recommend to the Board any bonuses, pay increases and/or promotions for employees who are immediate family members of a Director, CEO and substantial shareholder. Each RC member will abstain from participating in the deliberations of and voting on any resolution in respect of his/her remuneration package or that of employees related to him/her.

The RC is guided by key terms of reference as follows:

- (a) Review  and  recommend  to  the  Board  a  general  framework  of  remuneration  and  specific remuneration packages for each Director and key management personnel;
- (b) Review  and  recommend  to  the  Board  the  service  contracts  of  Executive  Directors  and  key management personnel and ensure that such service contracts are fair and not excessively long or with onerous renewal/termination clauses; and
- (c) In  respect  of  long-term  incentive  schemes  (if  any)  including  share  schemes  as  may  be implemented, to consider whether Directors should be eligible for benefits under such long-term incentive schemes.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 6.2
- 6.3

The RC comprises three members, of which a majority, including the chairman of the RC, are independent:

| Sin Boon Ann  Chairman  Lead Independent Non-Executive Director  Dan Broström  Member  Executive Chairman  John d'Abo  Member  Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  RC  does  not  comprise  solely  of  Non-Executive  Directors  following  the  appointment  of  Mr  Dan Broström, the Executive Chairman, as a member of the RC. Taking into account that the Executive Chairman would be able to provide relevant input and guidance to the RC, given his familiarity with the Group's activities as well as industry and market practices (including remuneration packages which are in line with the current market standards and commensurate with the respective job scope and responsibilities of executives) in jurisdictions where the Group operates, the NC had recommended his appointment to the Board. The Board opined that as the RC continued to have majority representation of  independent  directors,  the  independent  directors  collectively,  would  have  the  decisive  vote  in relation  to  executive  remuneration  matters.  Furthermore,  retaining  an  RC  member  who  is  in  an executive position will not lead to a conflict of interest or impede the independence of the RC as no Director or member of the RC is allowed to participate in the deliberation, and has to abstain from voting on any resolution, relating to his own remuneration or that of employees related to him. Based on the foregoing, the Board had approved Mr Dan Broström's appointment as a member of the RC.

The RC considers all aspects of remuneration, including director's fees, salaries, allowances, bonuses, options, share-based incentives and awards, benefits in kind and termination terms, to ensure that they are fair and avoid rewarding poor performance. The RC also reviews the Company's obligations arising  in  the  event  of  termination  of  the  Executive  Directors'  and  key  management  personnel's contracts of service, to ensure that such contracts of service contain fair and reasonable termination clauses which are not overly generous.

## 6.4 Remuneration Consultant

The RC may from time to time, where necessary or required, seek advice from external consultants in  framing the remuneration policy and determining the level and mix of remuneration for Directors and Management, so that the Group remains competitive in this regard. No external remuneration consultant was engaged for FY2022.

## Level and Mix of Remuneration

The level and structure of remuneration of the Board and key management personnel are appropriate and  proportionate  to  the  sustained  performance  and  value  creation  of  the  company,  taking  into

Principle 7 account the strategic objectives of the company.

## 7.1 Remuneration Structure

In  setting  remuneration  packages,  the  RC  will  take  into  consideration  the  pay  and  employment conditions within the industry and in comparable companies. The RC also seeks to ensure that the structure  of  remuneration  packages  for  the  Executive  Chairman,  the  Executive  Director  and  key management personnel are appropriate in linking rewards with performance and are aligned with the interests of shareholders and promote the long-term success of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 7.2
- 7.3

The  remuneration  of  the  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  and  the  Non-Independent Non-Executive Director are also reviewed by the RC to ensure that the remuneration is commensurate with the contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent and responsibilities of the respective Non-Executive Directors.

## Performance Criteria for Remuneration

The  remuneration  received  by  the  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  takes  into consideration his or her individual performance and contribution towards the overall performance of the Group for FY2022. Their remuneration is made up of fixed and variable compensation. The fixed compensation  consists  of  an  annual  base  salary,  fixed  allowance  and  annual  wage  supplement. The  variable  compensation  is  determined  based  on  the  level  of  achievement  of  corporate performance objectives.

The  Company's  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel  have  been  assessed  against performance targets set based on the average of the Company's closing market prices of shares over a consecutive period of five market days in which transaction of the shares were to be recorded and achieved over a set time period.

The  remuneration  of  the  Executive  Chairman  includes  a  per  hour  rate  with  a  cap  and  a  variable performance related bonus, which is designed to align the interests of the Executive Chairman with those of shareholders.

The Independent and Non-Independent Non-Executive Directors receive Directors' fees based on their responsibilities, effort and time spent. The Directors' fees are recommended by the RC and endorsed by the Board for approval by the shareholders of the Company at the AGM.

## Contractual Provisions

The present Service Agreements do not include contractual provisions to allow the Company to reclaim incentive  components  of  remuneration  from  Executive  Directors  and  key  management  personnel in  exceptional  circumstances  of  misstatement  of  financial  results,  or  of  misconduct  resulting  in financial  loss  to  the  Company.  The  Company  will  consider  to  include  this  provision  for  future  new service agreements and renewal of service agreements, if appropriate. However, the Company has included in the terms of the Rex International Performance Share Plan, allowance for the Company to cancel the share awards before the date of the vesting of the awards, in the event of misconduct, at its  discretion. The Company has also included in the terms of the Rex International Employee Share Option Scheme, to allow for the share option committee to cancel unexercised options in the event of misconduct, at its discretion.

The Company believes that the remuneration for its Directors is appropriate to attract, retain and motivate  them  to  provide  good  stewardship  of  the  Company  and  key  management  personnel  to successfully manage the Company for the long term.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Disclosure on Remuneration

## Principle 8 The company is transparent on its remuneration polices, level and mix of remuneration, the procedure for setting remuneration, and the relationships between remuneration, performance and value creation.

## 8.1 Directors' Remuneration

8.1 (a)

The Company's remuneration policy is one that seeks to attract, retain and motivate talent to achieve the Company's business vision and create sustainable value for its stakeholders. The policy articulates to  staff  the  link  that  total  compensation  has  to  the  achievement  of  organisational  and  individual performance objectives, and benchmarked against relevant and comparative compensation in the market.

The breakdown for the remuneration of the Non-Executive Directors for FY2022 is as follows:

| Name of Non-Executive  Director  Directors' Fees  S$  Bonus  S$  Others  (1)  S$  Total  S$  Muhammad Sameer Yousuf  Khan  (4)  46,041  180,000  8,989  235,030  Sin Boon Ann  135,588  315,000  (2)  -  450,588  Dr Christopher Atkinson  58,108  315,000  (2)  82,736  455,844  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (5)  44,948  135,000  (3)  -  179,948  Mae Heng  (5)  64,211  135,000  (3)  -  199,211  John d'Abo  (5)  54,580  135,000  (3)  -  189,580   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Others include fees paid/ payable for directorship in subsidiaries.

(2) Out of S$315,000 of performance bonus paid/ payable to each of Mr Sin Boon Ann and Dr Christopher Atkinson, S$135,000 is subject to shareholders' approval at the upcoming annual general meeting.

(3) S$135,000 of performance bonus payable to each of Dr Mathias Lidgren, Ms Mae Heng and Mr John d'Abo, is subject to shareholders' approval at the upcoming annual general meeting.

(4) Retired on 29 April 2022.

(5) Appointed on 4 May 2022.

There were no termination, retirement or post-employment benefits (excluding CPF) granted to the Non-Executive Directors in FY2022.

Directors  have  remuneration  packages  consisting  of  basic  retainer  fees  as  directors  and  fees  for directorship in subsidiaries, with additional fees for attendance and serving on Board Committees.

Remuneration to Executive Directors includes in part the aforementioned components of directorship, and  in  part  compensation  to  reflect  the  additional  responsibilities  to  execute  strategic  plans  of the Group.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The breakdown of directors' fees for FY2022 paid/ payable to the respective Directors of the Company is as follows:

| Name of Director  Board Fee  S$  AC  S$  RC  S$  NC  S$  Others  S$  Total  S$  Dan Broström  116,217  19,370  14,527  -  -  150,114  Dr Karl Lidgren  58,108  -  -  9,685  -  67,793  Muhammad Sameer  (2)  Yousuf Khan  22,100  14,733  5,525  3,683  -  46,041  Sin Boon Ann  58,108  19,370  29,055  19,370  9,685  (1)  135,588  Dr Christopher Atkinson  58,108  -  -  -  -  58,108  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (3)  38,527  -  -  6,421  -  44,948  Mae Heng  (3)  38,527  25,684  -  -  -  64,211  John d'Abo  (3)  38,527  -  9,632  6,421  -  54,580  428,222  79,157  58,739  45,580  9,685  621,383   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Remuneration for Lead Independent Director.

(2) Retired on 29 April 2022.

(3) Appointed on 4 May 2022.

## Executive Directors, CEO and Key Management Personnel's Remuneration

The Board is of the view that full disclosure of the exact details of the remuneration of each of the Executive Directors and CEO is not in the best interests of the Company or its shareholders. In arriving at  its  decision,  the  Board  had  taken  into  consideration,  inter  alia,  the  commercial  sensitivity  and confidential nature of remuneration matters, the relative size of the Group, the competitive business environment  in  which  the  Group  operates,  the  importance  of  ensuring  stability  and  continuity  of business operations with a competent and experienced management team in place and the negative impact  which  such  disclosure  may  have  on  the  Group  in  attracting  and  retaining  talent  for  the Company on a long-term basis.

Notwithstanding the non-disclosure of the exact remuneration of the Executive Directors and the CEO of the Company (which deviates from the Provision 8.1(a) of the Code), the Board is of the view that the intent of Principle 8 on transparency has been adhered to, given that a high level of transparency on remuneration matters including procedures for developing remuneration policies and level and mix of remuneration have been disclosed in this corporate governance report.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

8.1 (b) The breakdown for the remuneration of the Company's Executive Directors, the CEO and key management personnel for FY2022 is disclosed in bands of S$250,000 as follows:

| Name of Executive Director/  CEO/ Key Management  Personnel  Salary  %  Bonus  %  Benefits  %  Directors'  Fees  %  Others  (4)  %  Total  %  S$4,000,001 to S$4,250,000  Måns Lidgren  (1)  31  45  24  -  -  100  S$3,500,001 to S$3,750,000  Per Lind  21  74  2  -  3  100  S$2,750,001 to S$3,000,000  Dan Broström  (2)  18  75  1  5  1  100  S$1,500,001 to S$1,750,000  Dr Karl Lidgren  (2)  29  64  1  4  2  100  S$500,001 to S$750,000  Svein Kjellesvik  (3)  100  -  -  -  -  100  Kristofer Skantze  (3)  57  43  -  -  -  100  S$250,001 to S$500,000  Mok Lai Siong  83  16  1  -  -  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) Mr  Måns Lidgren is the CEO of the Company and he does not sit on the board of Directors. His remuneration is paid indirectly from various Group companies.
- (2) Dr Karl Lidgren and Dan Broström are the Executive Directors of the Company.
- (3) Remuneration is paid indirectly from various Group companies.
- (4) Others include fees paid/payable for directorship in subsidiaries.

For FY2022, there were four key management personnel in the Company, aside from the two Executive Directors  and  the  CEO.  The  annual  aggregate  remuneration  paid  to  the  top  four  key  management personnel of the Company for FY2022 was S$5,229,264.

There were no termination, retirement or post-employment benefits (excluding CPF) granted to the Executive Directors, the CEO and the top four key management personnel in FY2022.

## 8.2 Substantial Shareholder and Immediate Family Members of a Director or the CEO or Substantial Shareholder

The details of the remuneration to Dr Karl Lidgren (Executive Director and a substantial shareholder of  the  Company),  Mr  Svein  Kjellesvik  (a  key  management  personnel  of  the  Group  and  a  substantial shareholder of the Company), Mr Måns Lidgren (CEO and son of Dr Karl Lidgren) and Dr Mathias Lidgren (son of Mr Hans Lidgren, a substantial shareholder of the Company) are disclosed in the table under Provision 8.1(a) and 8.1(b).

Mr Hans Lidgren, an executive of Rex Technology Investments Ltd, is a substantial shareholder of the Company, the brother of Executive Director, Dr Karl Lidgren, father of Dr Mathias Lidgren and uncle of Mr Måns Lidgren, the CEO. Mr Hans Lidgren's remuneration for FY2022 was in the band of S$900,001 to S$1,000,000.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Mrs Lina Berntsen, Chief Technology Officer, is the daughter of Mr Hans Lidgren, sister of Dr Mathias Lidgren, niece of Executive Director, Dr Karl Lidgren and cousin of Mr Måns Lidgren, the CEO. Mrs Lina Berntsen's remuneration for FY2022 was in the band of S$200,001 to S$300,000.

Mr  Martin  Lidgren,  Technology  Specialist  at  Equus  Consulting  AB,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary  of Rex  Technology  Management  Ltd,  is  the  son  of  Executive  Director,  Dr  Karl  Lidgren,  brother  of Mr  Måns  Lidgren,  the  CEO,  nephew  of  Hans  Lidgren  and  cousin  of  Dr  Mathias  Lidgren.  Mr  Martin Lidgren's remuneration for FY2022 was in the band of S$200,001 to S$300,000.

Mr  Magnus  Lidgren,  Technology  Specialist  at  Equus  Consulting  AB,  a  wholly-owned  subsidiary of  Rex  Technology  Management  Ltd,  is  the  brother  of  Executive  Director,  Dr  Karl  Lidgren  and Mr Hans Lidgren, and uncle of Dr Mathias Lidgren and Mr Måns Lidgren, the CEO. Mr Magnus Lidgren's remuneration for FY2022 was in the band of S$200,001 to S$300,000.

Mr  Fredrik  Broström,  Business  Development  Manager,  is  the  son  of  Executive  Director,  Mr  Dan Broström. Mr Fredrik Broström's remuneration for FY2022 was in the band of S$200,001 to S$300,000.

Save  for  the  aforementioned,  there  is  no  other  employee  of  the  Company  who  is  a  substantial shareholder of the Company or an immediate family member of a Director, the CEO or a substantial shareholder of the Company, whose remuneration exceeded S$100,000 during FY2022.

## 8.3 Employee Share Scheme

## Rex International Employee Share Option Scheme ('ESOS')

The Company has an ESOS which was approved and adopted by the members of the Company at an EGM on 24 June 2013, and amended with shareholders' approval at an EGM of the Company on 3 March 2022. The ESOS is designed to reward valuable and outstanding employees or Non-Executive Directors (including  Independent  Directors),  and  incentivise  them  to  continue  contributing  to  the  long-term growth and success of the Group.

The ESOS allows for participation by employees or Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) of the Group who have attained the age of 21 years and above on or before the date of grant of the option, provided that none of them is a discharged bankrupt. Controlling shareholders and their associates are not eligible to participate in the ESOS.

The ESOS is administered by the RC in consultation with the CEO. Please refer to Provision 6.2 for the members of the RC. The total number of new shares over which options may be granted pursuant to the ESOS, when added to the number of shares issued and issuable in respect of all options granted under the ESOS and all awards granted under any other share option, share incentive, performance share or restricted share plan implemented by the Company and for the time being in force, shall not exceed 15 per cent of the number of all issued shares of the Company (excluding treasury shares), on the day preceding the date of the relevant grant.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Other salient information regarding the ESOS is set out below:

## Exercise Price of Options

The exercise price of options shall be determined at the discretion of the RC on the date which the options are granted and may be set at:

- A price equal to the average of the last dealt prices for the Company's shares on SGX-ST over the five consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date that option was granted, as determined by the RC by reference to the daily official list or any other publication published by the SGX-ST, rounded to the nearest whole cent in the event of fractional prices (the ' Market Price '); or
- A  discount  to  the  Market  Price  not  exceeding  20  per  cent  of  the  Market  Price  (or  such  other percentage or amount as may be determined by the RC) in respect of options granted at the time of grant, provided that shareholders in general meeting have authorised, in a separate resolution, the making of offers and grants of options under the ESOS at a discount not exceeding the maximum discount as aforesaid.

For the options granted with exercise price set at Market Price, they can be exercised one year from the date of the grant and will expire five years from the date of the grant.

For the options granted with exercise price set at a discount to Market Price, they can be exercised two years from the date of the grant and will expire five years from the date of the grant.

## Duration of the ESOS

The ESOS shall be in force for a maximum of 10 years from the date on which the ESOS was adopted. Upon obtaining the approval of shareholders by ordinary resolution in general meeting and of any relevant authorities which may be required, the ESOS may continue beyond 10 years from the date it was adopted. The ESOS will be expiring on 24 June 2023. The RC  will constantly evaluate and assess the adoption of any new share-based compensation scheme or long-term incentive plan, with the aim of enhancing the link between rewards and corporate and individual performance.

No options were granted by the Company during FY2022. As at 31 December 2022, there are no options outstanding  as  all  options  granted  have  expired.  Further  details  on  the  ESOS  were  set  out  in  the Company's circular to shareholders dated 9 February 2022.

## Rex International Performance Share Plan ('Rex PSP')

The  Rex  PSP  (the  ' Plan ')  was  adopted  by  the  Company  on  24  June  2013  and  amended  with shareholders' approval at EGMs of the Company on 30 April 2014, 28 April 2017 and 3 March 2022. The objective of the Plan is to promote higher performance goals and recognise the achievements of employees or Non-Executive Directors (including Independent Directors) (' Participants ') by motivating and aligning their interests to the Group's pre-determined goals. The Plan is administered by the RC in consultation with the CEO. Please refer to Provision 6.2 for the members of RC. The Rex PSP will be expiring on 24 June 2023. The RC will constantly evaluate and assess the adoption of any new sharebased compensation scheme or long-term incentive plan, with the aim of enhancing the link between rewards and corporate and individual performance.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The  Plan  contemplates  the  award  of  such  number  of  fully-paid  shares  granted  under  the  Rex  PSP (' Awards '),  free  of  charge,  to  Participants  after  certain  pre-determined benchmarks have been met. Awards granted under the Plan may be time-based or performance-related. Performance targets set are based on short to medium-terms corporate objectives including market competitiveness, quality of returns, business growth and productivity growth. These performance targets may include targets set based on criteria such as shareholders' return, return on equity and earnings per share.

The length of the vesting period in respect of the Awards of such number of fully-paid ordinary shares granted under the Plan will be determined on a case-by-case basis by the RC.

Details of the outstanding Awards granted as at 31 December 2022 are as follows:

| Number of Awards  Date of Grant  of Awards  At  1-Jan-22  Granted in  FY2022  Lapsed/  Cancelled in  FY2022  Vested  in  FY2022  At  31-Dec-22  Number of  Holders  9-Mar-21  11,724,100 (1)  -  (11,724,100)  (2)  -  -  -  8-Apr-22  -  11,724,100 (3)  (1,200,000)  (4)  -  10,524,100  3  20-Oct-22  -  3,600,000 (3)  -  -  3,600,000  3  11,724,100  15,324,100  (12,924,100)  -  14,124,100  6   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) On 9 March 2021, the Company granted 11,724,100 Awards to certain directors of the Company. The number of Awards to be vested will range from 0% to 100%, subject to fulfilment of certain predetermined performance benchmarks and the satisfactory completion of time-based service condition.

If  the  Average  Performance  Market  Price*  is  S$0.30  and  above,  50%  of  the  Awards  shall  be released after the vesting period. If the Average Performance Market Price is S$0.45 and above, an additional 50% of the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is less than S$0.30, none of the Awards shall be released unless otherwise determined by the committee administering the PSP.

- (2) On 8 April 2022, 5,862,050 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value).

On 29 April 2022, 5,862,050 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value), subsequent to the approval of payment of additional remuneration to certain Directors at the conclusion of the annual general meeting held on 29 April 2022.

- (3) On 8 April 2022 and 20 October 2022, the Company granted 11,724,100 and 3,600,000 Awards respectively to certain directors of the Company. The number of Awards to be vested will range from 0% to 100%, subject to fulfilment of certain predetermined performance benchmarks and the satisfactory completion of time-based service condition.

If  the Average Performance Market Price* is S$0.45 and above, 50% of the number of shares in the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is S$0.60 and above, an additional 50 per cent of the number of shares in the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is less than S$0.45 and S$0.60 in 2022 and 2023 respectively, a Key Performance Indicator-based incentive scheme (' KPI-based Incentive Scheme ')  shall apply and the number of shares to be released under the Awards will range from 0% to 100%, subject to the fulfilment of the predetermined performance targets in the KPI-based Incentive Scheme. The committee administering the Rex PSP may also modify the release of the Awards in tranches at its own discretion, in accordance with the rules of the Rex PSP.

- (4) On 29 April 2022, 1,200,000 Awards previously granted to a director had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value), subsequent to his retirement as Independent Non-Executive Director.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

On 13 March 2023, all 14,124,100 outstanding Awards as at 31 December 2022 were cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value).

* Average  Performance  Market  Price refers  to  the  average  of  Company's  closing  market  prices  of  Shares  over  a consecutive period of five (5) market days in which transactions in the Shares were recorded, at any time within a twoyear period from the date of Awards.

Details of the Awards granted to participants who are directors and controlling shareholders or associates of the controlling shareholders and participants who received more than 5% of the total grants since the commencement of Rex PSP are as follows:

| Name of  participant  Awards  granted in  FY2022  Net aggregate  Awards  granted since  commencement  of Rex PSP to  31 Dec 2022  (i)  Awards  released in  FY2022  Aggregate  Awards  released since  commencement  of Rex PSP to  31 Dec 2022  (ii)  Aggregate  Awards  outstanding and  which have not  been released  as at  31 Dec 2022  Directors  Dan Broström  (1)  8,124,100  14,217,175  -  (6,093,075)  8,124,100  Sin Boon Ann  (2)  1,200,000  2,100,000  -  (900,000)  1,200,000  Dr Christopher  Atkinson  (3)  1,200,000  1,620,000  -  (420,000)  1,200,000  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (4)  1,200,000  1,200,000  -  -  1,200,000  Mae Heng  (5)  1,200,000  1,200,000  -  -  1,200,000  John d'Abo  (6)  1,200,000  1,200,000  -  -  1,200,000  Controlling shareholders or associates of the controlling shareholders  Måns Lidgren  (7)  -  14,241,464  -  (14,241,464)  -  Participants who received 5% or more of the total grants available  Per Lind  -  11,017,691  -  (11,017,691)  -  Kristofer Skantze  -  7,439,504  -  (7,439,504)  -  Mok Lai Siong  -  6,070,952  -  (6,070,952)  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Aggregate Awards granted less aggregate Awards granted that have since been lapsed/ cancelled

(ii) Including new shares issued and allotted, and existing shares purchased

- (1) Mr Dan Broström is the Chairman and Executive Director of the Company.
- (2) Mr Sin Boon Ann is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
- (3) Dr Christopher Atkinson is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
- (4) Dr Mathias Lidgren is a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
- (5) Ms Mae Heng is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
- (6) Mr John d'Abo is an Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company.
- (7) Mr Måns Lidgren (the CEO of the Company) is an associate of Dr Karl Lidgren, Executive Director and a controlling shareholder of the Company.

Save  as  disclosed  in  the  table  above,  no  other  director,  controlling  shareholder  or  associates  of controlling  shareholders  received  any  shares  under  the  Rex  PSP  since  the  commencement  of  the Rex PSP.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

No  Awards  have  been  granted  to  any  controlling  shareholders  or  associates  of  the  controlling shareholders or any directors and employees of the Company's parent company and its subsidiaries in FY2022.

The vesting and release of the Awards granted to eligible participants (including Mr Måns Lidgren) under the Rex PSP are based on pre-determined performance goals and conditional on the satisfactory completion of time-based service conditions.

Further  details  on  the  Rex  PSP  were  set  out  in  the  Company's  circular  to  shareholders  dated 9 February 2022.

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Risk Management and Internal Controls

## Principle 9 The Board is responsible for the governance of risk and ensures that Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls, to safeguard the interests of the company and its shareholders.

- 9.1 The  Board,  with  the  assistance  from  the  AC  and  the  Risk  Management  Committee  (' RMC '),  is responsible  for  risk  governance  and  ensuring  that  Management  maintains  a  sound  system  of  risk management  and  internal  controls  to  safeguard  the  shareholders'  interests  and  the  Company's assets. The Board appreciates that risk management is an on-going process in which Management continuously participates to evaluate, monitor and report to the Board and the AC on significant risks. The RMC was formed in October 2013. The current RMC consists of the following members: Ms Mae Heng (Independent Non-Executive Director and Chairman of the AC), Mr Per Lind (Chief Financial Officer (' CFO ')), Mr Svein Kjellesvik (COO) and Ms Lixian Wu (Financial Controller).

From  FY2013  to  FY2018,  the  Company  developed  and  established  a  Board  Assurance  Framework (' BAF '),  with  the  assistance  of  an  independent  third  party,  KPMG  Services  Pte.  Ltd.  The  BAF,  which includes  an  enterprise  risk  management  framework,  was  utilised  by  the  Company  to  identify  and manage the significant and material risks it faces, the potential impact and likelihood of those risks occurring, the control effectiveness and action plans being taken to mitigate those risks.

The risk review in FY2022 was done in-house. The RMC has considered in detail the most material risks for the Company which include strategic, financial, operational, compliance, fraud and corruption, litigation  and  cyber  security  risks;  and  has  put  in  place  risk  controls,  action  plans  and  key  risk indicators to mitigate these risks, the details of which contain market sensitive information and hence are kept confidential.

The Company has established risk appetite statements with tolerance limits to monitor shifts in its significant risks and to proactively manage them within acceptable levels. These appetite statements have been reviewed and approved by the Board and are monitored on a yearly basis.

In FY2022, the Company appointed an independent third party, RSM Risk Advisory Pte Ltd (' RSM '), as the Internal Auditors (' IA ') on a project basis, to perform internal audit reviews and highlight all significant matters to Management and the AC on an annual basis on various selected internal control areas.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## 9.2 Adequacy and Effectiveness of Internal Controls

The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  Company's  internal  controls  (including  financial,  operational, compliance and information technology controls) and risk management systems were adequate and effective for FY2022.

The bases for the Board's view are as follows:

- (a) Assurance has been received from the CEO and the CFO;
- (b) An internal audit has been done by the IA and significant matters highlighted to the AC and Management were appropriately addressed;
- (c) Management regularly evaluates, monitors and reports to the AC and the RMC on material risks;
- (d) Discussions were held between the AC and auditors in the absence of Management to review and address any potential concerns;
- (e) An  enterprise  risk  management  framework  was  in  place  to  identify,  manage  and  mitigate significant risks; and
- (f) Risk appetite statements with tolerance limits have been approved by the Board to contain risks within acceptable levels and are monitored on a yearly basis.

The AC is responsible for making the necessary recommendations to the Board regarding the adequacy and effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems of the Company. In this regard, the AC is assisted by the enterprise risk reports from the RMC.

For FY2022, the Board has obtained the following assurance:

- (a) From the CEO and the CFO that the financial records have been properly maintained and the financial statements give a true and fair view of the Company's operations and finances; and
- (b) From  the  CEO  and  other  key  management  personnel  who  are  responsible,  regarding  the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's risk management and internal control systems.

The Board has relied on the independent auditors' report as set out in this Annual Report as assurance that the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the Group's financial position and performance.

In  relation to sustainability, the Group, as a young company, aspires to do good in the communities it  operates in, be it to have minimal impact on the environment in its operations, or in helping the underprivileged. Please refer to the Sustainability section on pages 52 to 89 of this Annual Report for more details.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Audit Committee

## Principle 10 The Board has an Audit Committee ('AC') which discharges its duties objectively.

| 10.1  The AC is guided by the following key terms of reference:  - (a) Reviewing  the  significant  financial  reporting  issues  and  judgements,  so  as  to  ensure  the integrity of the financial statements of the Company and any announcements relating to the Company's financial performance. Where the external auditors (' EA '),  in  their  review  or  audit of  the  Company's  year-end  financial  statements,  raise  any  significant  issues  (for  example, significant adjustments) which have a material impact on the interim financial statements or financial updates previously announced by the Company, the AC is to bring this to the Board's attention immediately;  - (b) Advise  the  Board  if  changes  are  needed  to  improve  the  quality  of  future  interim  financial statements or financial updates;  - (c) Reviewing at least annually the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's internal controls and risk management systems;  - (d) Reviewing  the  assurance  from  the  CEO  and  the  CFO  on  the  financial  records  and  financial statements;  - (e) Making  recommendations  to  the  Board  on:  (i)  the  proposals  to  the  shareholders  on  the appointment and removal of the EA; and (ii) the remuneration and terms of engagement of the EA;  - (f) Reviewing the adequacy, effectiveness, independence, scope and results of the Company's IA and EA, the audit plans, scope of work, their evaluation of the system of internal accounting controls,  their  management  letter  and  Management's  response,  and  results  of  the  audits compiled by the IA and EA;  - (g) Reviewing the policy and arrangements for concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters to be safely raised, independently investigated and appropriately followed up on. The Company publicly discloses, and clearly communicates to employees, the existence of a whistle-blowing policy and procedures for raising such concerns;  - (h) Assisting the Board of Directors in the discharge of its responsibilities on financial reporting matters;  - (i) Reviewing financial statements and results announcements before submission to the Board of  Directors  for  approval,  focusing  in  particular,  on  changes  in  accounting  policies  and practices, major risk areas, significant adjustments resulting from the audit, the going concern statement,  compliance  with  financial  reporting  standards  as  well  as  compliance  with  the Listing Rules and any other statutory/regulatory requirements. Quarterly financial statements are made, but announcements are only made for half-year and annual results. Announcements on use of funds/ cash by mineral, oil and gas companies are made quarterly;  - (j) Reviewing  the  effectiveness  and  adequacy  of  the  Group's  internal  control  and  procedures, including accounting and financial controls and procedures and ensure co-ordination between the IA, the EA and Management, reviewing the assistance given by Management to the auditors, and discussing problems and concerns, if any, arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters which the auditors may wish to discuss (in the absence of Management where necessary);   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (k) Reviewing  and  discussing  with  the  EA  and  the  IA  any  suspected  fraud  or  irregularity, or  suspected  infringement  of  any  relevant  laws,  rules  or  regulations,  which  has  or  is likely  to  have  a  material  impact  on  the  Group's  operating  results  or  financial  position,  and Management's response;
- (l) Making recommendations to the Board of Directors on the proposals to the shareholders on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the EA, and approving the remuneration and terms of engagement of the EA;
- (m) Assessing the quality of the work carried out by the EAs, and the basis of such assessment;
- (n) Reviewing  and  reporting  to  the  Board  of  Directors  at  least  annually  the  adequacy  and effectiveness  of  the  Group's  material  internal  controls  including  financial,  operation, compliance and information technology controls via reviews carried out by the IA;
- (o) Reviewing and approving transactions falling within the scope of Chapters 9 and 10 of the Listing Rules (if any);
- (p) Reviewing any potential conflicts of interest;
- (q) Reviewing and approving all hedging policies and instruments (if any) to be implemented by the Group;
- (r) Undertaking such other reviews and projects as may be requested by the Board of Directors and reporting to the Board of Directors its findings from time to time on matters arising and requiring the attention of the AC;
- (s) Reviewing  and  establishing  procedures  for  receipt,  retention  and  treatment  of  complaints received  by  the  Group,  inter  alia,  criminal  offences  involving  the  Group  or  its  employees, questionable accounting, auditing, business, safety or other matters that impact negatively on the Group, including the oversight of whistleblowing; and
- (t) Generally undertaking such other functions and duties as may be required by statute or the Listing Rules, and by such amendments made thereto from time to time.

## Authority of the AC

Apart  from  the  duties  listed  above,  the  AC  shall  commission  and  review  the  findings  of  internal investigations into matters where there is any suspected fraud or irregularity, or failure of internal controls  or  infringement  of  any  Singapore  law,  rule  or  regulation  which  has  or  is  likely  to  have  a material impact on the Group's operating results and/or financial position. Each member of the AC will abstain from participating in the deliberations of and voting in respect of matters in which he is interested.

The AC has the power to conduct or authorise investigations into any matters within the AC's terms of reference. The AC has full access to and co-operation of the Management and has full discretion to  invite  any  Director  or  executive  officer  to  attend  its  meetings,  and  has  been  given  reasonable resources to enable it to discharge its functions.

The AC is authorised to obtain independent professional advice as it deems necessary in the discharge of its responsibilities. Such expenses are to be borne by the Company.

| - 10.2 The Company has established the AC comprising the following three members, the majority of whom, including the Chairman of the AC, are independent:  Mae Heng  Chairman  Independent Non-Executive Director  Dan Broström  Member  Executive Chairman  Sin Boon Ann  Member  Lead Independent Non-Executive Director   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

However, not all of the members of the AC are Non-Executive Directors. Mr Dan Broström, the Executive Chairman, is a member of the AC. Taking into account that he would be able to provide relevant input and guidance to the AC, given his familiarity with the Group's activities as well as industry and market practices in jurisdictions where the Group operates, the NC had recommended his appointment to the Board. The Board had then approved his appointment as a member of the AC. Further, the Board is of the opinion that the AC continues to have majority representation of independent directors, and the independent directors collectively, would have the decisive vote in relation to proposals made by the Management. The AC (excluding Mr Dan Broström) meets with the external and internal auditors without the presence of Management at least once a year, to, inter alia, ascertain if there are any material weaknesses or control deficiency in the Group's financial reporting and operational systems. Mr  Dan  Broström,  being  an  Executive  Director,  has  been  excluded  from  the  aforesaid  meetings  to ensure that the AC remains a platform for external and internal auditors to provide their independent opinions  without  the  influence  of  Management.  This  arrangement  is  essential  to  ensure  that  the presence of an Executive Director on the AC will not lead to any conflict of interest or impede the independence of the AC.

The  remaining  members  of  the  AC  are  Independent  Non-Executive  Directors  who  do  not  have  any management and business relationships  with  the  Company  or  any  substantial  shareholder  of  the Company.

At  least  two  members,  including  the  AC  Chairman,  have  recent  and  relevant  accounting  or  related financial management expertise or experience.

Ms Mae Heng, the Chairperson of the AC, has over 16 years of experience working at Ernst &amp; Young Singapore.  She  is  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  Novo  Tellus  Alpha  Acquisition,  Grand Venture  Technology  Limited,  Chuan  Hup  Holdings  Limited,  HRnetGroup  Limited,  Ossia  International Limited  and  Apex  Healthcare  Berhad,  and  is  the  chairperson  or  a  member  of  these  companies' various board committees. Ms Heng also holds directorships in her family-owned investment holding companies.  She  was  also  the  former  Audit  Committee  Chairperson  of  an  SGX-listed  real  estate developer, as well as an online travel company. Mr Sin Boon Ann, a member of the AC, was with Drew &amp; Napier LLC from 1992 to March 2018; his last appointment being Deputy Managing Director, Corporate and Finance Department and Co-head of the Capital Markets Practice, before his retirement. Mr Sin is currently a consultant at Drew &amp; Napier LLC.

- 10.3 None  of  the  AC  members  were  previous  partners  or  directors  of  the  Company's  existing  external auditing firm within the previous 24 months and none of the AC members hold any financial interest in the external auditing firm or auditing corporation.
- 10.4 The  primary  reporting  line  of  the  internal  audit  function  is  to  the  AC,  which  also  decides  on  the appointment, termination and remuneration of the head of the internal audit function. The internal audit  function  has  unfettered  access  to  all  the  Company's  documents,  records,  properties  and personnel, including the AC, and has appropriate standing within the Company.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## Qualifications of the AC

The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  AC  chairman  and  members  are  appropriately  qualified,  with  the necessary accounting, financial advisory, business management, corporate and finance, investment and corporate legal expertise and experience to discharge the AC's functions. The AC chairperson, having more than 16 years of experience in the fields of audit, accounting, business and financial advisory,  and  chairmanship  or  membership  of  various  board  committees  of  several  other  listed companies in Singapore, is well qualified to chair the AC.

## 10.5 Meeting between the AC and Auditors

The AC (excluding Executive Chairman Mr Dan Broström) meets with the external and internal auditors without the presence of Management at least once a year, to, inter alia, ascertain independently, if there  are  any  material  weaknesses  or  control  deficiency  in  the  Group's  financial  reporting  and operational  systems.  The  AC  has  separately  met  with  the  IA  and  the  EA  once  in  the  absence  of Management in relation to FY2022.

## Independence of External Auditor

The AC has reviewed the non-audit services provided by the EA and is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services would not prejudice the independence of the EA.

| Fees Paid / Payable to the EA for FY2022  S$  % of total  Audit fees  525,132  97.57  Non-audit fees  -  Tax advice advisory  13,100  2.43  538,232  100   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notwithstanding the volume of non-audit services rendered to the Company, the AC is satisfied that the EA remains independent after considering the following:

- That all relationships and/or arrangements between the audit firm and the Company that may reasonably be thought to affect the EA's objectivity and as disclosed by the audit engagement partner did not impair the independence and objectivity of the EA; and
- The audit engagement partner has confirmed that, in his professional judgment, the audit firm is independent.

The AC also periodically receives updates on changes in accounting standards provided by the EA and circulated to members of AC.

There is no disagreement between the Board and AC regarding the selection, appointment, resignation or dismissal of the EA. In appointing the EA, the AC evaluates the performance of the EA, taking into consideration  the  Audit  Quality  Indicators  Disclosure  Framework  published  by  the  Accounting  and Corporate Regulatory Authority.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As  part  of  the  Group's  initiatives  in  ongoing  good  corporate  governance,  the  Company  is  of  the view  that  it  would  be  appropriate  and  timely  to  effect  a  change  of  Auditors  of  the  Company. The  Directors  are  of  the  view  that  it  would  be  in  the  best  interests  of  the  Company  to  consider a  rotation  to  the  present  auditors  of  the  Company.  The  AC  had  recommended,  and  the  Board  had approved the nomination of Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP as the Company's external auditor for the financial year ending 31 December 2023, subject to the approval of shareholders. Please refer to the Change of Auditors Appendix to this annual report for further details.

## Whistle-blowing Policy

The Company has in place a whistle-blowing policy. The Company's staff and any other persons may, in  confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in matters of financial reporting or other matters relating to the Company and its officers by submitting to the AC a whistle-blowing report to whistleblowing@rexih.com, as stated on the Company's webpage https://investor.rexih.com/whistle\_ blowing\_policy.html. Information received will be treated with confidentiality and the identity of the whistle-blowers will be protected. Whistleblowing reports made in good faith will be handled and investigated by the AC Chairman, who is an independent director. The whistle-blowing policy sets out the Company's commitment to ensure the protection of the whistleblower's identity and against any detrimental or unfair treatment against the whistleblower. All confidential information will only be available to the independent directors of the AC.

The  AC  is  responsible  for  oversight  and  monitoring  of  whistleblowing  and  has  ensured  that arrangements are in place for such concerns to be raised and independently investigated, and for appropriate follow-up action to be taken. The details of the policy have been disseminated and made available to all parties concerned in the Company's code of conduct. There have not been any whistleblowing reports during FY2022.

## Audit Committee Activities

During the year, the AC reviewed the financial statements of the Group before the announcement of the Group's half-year and full-year results. In the process, the AC reviewed the key areas of management's estimates and judgement applied for key financial matters including impairment testing, adequacy of provisioning and disclosure, the application of critical accounting policies and any other significant matters that might affect the integrity of the financial statements. The AC has considered the report from the EA, including their findings on the key areas of audit focus.

Significant matters that were discussed with Management and the EA have been included as key audit matters (' KAMs ') in the audit report for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Refer to pages 155 to 157 of this Annual Report.

In line with the terms of reference of the AC, the following activities were carried out by the AC during FY2022 in the discharge of its functions and duties including the deliberation and review of:

- The unaudited half-year and full year financial results of the Group and announcements prior to submission to the Board for approval and release on the SGXNet;
- The quarterly announcement on the use of funds / cash by mineral, oil and gas companies;
- The  internal  and  external  audit  plans  in  terms  of  their  scope  of  audit  prior  to  their commencement of their annual audit;
- The EA's report in relation to audit and accounting issues arising from the audit;
- The IA's finding report including internal control processes and procedures;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- The adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's system of risk management and internal controls, including financial, operational, compliance and information technology controls and reporting the findings to the Board;
- The audited financial statements of the Group prior to submission to the Board of Directors for consideration and approval;
- The declaration of final dividend for FY2022 and recommendation to the Board for approval;
- The external audit and internal audit fees for FY2022 and recommendation to the Board for approval;
- The audit fees paid/payable to the external auditors of the Group including non-audit fees and nature of non-audit services;
- The quality of the EA across a number of evaluation criteria, including measures of relevance and  quality  of  its  works  as  well  as  its  independence  and  re-appointment  of  the  EA  and recommendation to the Board for approval; and
- Interested person transactions falling within scope of Chapters 9 and 10 of the Listing Rules and any potential conflicts of interests.

## Internal Audit

The  Company's  internal  audit  function  was  outsourced  to  RSM  Risk  Advisory  Pte  Ltd  (' RSM ')  on  a project basis in 2022, and RSM reported directly to the AC and administratively to the CEO. The AC is responsible for the hiring, removal, evaluation and compensation of the accounting or auditing firm or corporation which the internal audit function of the Company is outsourced to.

The AC reviews and approves the internal audit plan to ensure the adequacy of the scope of audit. The internal audit plan complements that of the EA and together forms a robust risk-based audit approach to facilitate the AC's review of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems.

The AC is satisfied that RSM is able to discharge its duties effectively as it:

- is  adequately qualified, given that the partner/head of the internal audit and staff assigned to the internal audit of the Company are members of the Institute of Internal Auditors and it adheres  to  standards  set  by  internationally  recognised  professional  bodies,  including  the Standards  for  the  Professional  Practice  of  Internal  Auditing  set  by  The  Institute  of  Internal Auditors;
- is  adequately resourced to carry out the Company's internal audit, which is led by Mr Dennis Lee, who has over 20 years of professional experience, and has extensive experience providing advisory solutions for numerous listed companies in the area of sustainability reporting and consultancy on climate change impact measures; and
- has the appropriate standing in the Company, given, inter alia, its involvement in certain AC meetings  and  its  unfettered  access  to  all  the  Group's  documents,  records,  properties  and personnel, including direct access to the AC.

The primary functions of the IA are to:

- (a) Assess if adequate systems of internal controls are in place to protect the funds and assets of the Group and to ensure control procedures are complied with;

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- (b) Conduct regular in-depth audits of high-risk areas; and
- (c) Identify and recommend improvement to internal control procedures, where required.

The AC has reviewed the report submitted by RSM on internal procedures, the EA's report and the internal controls in place, and is satisfied that there are adequate internal controls in the Company.

The AC will review on an annual basis the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal audit function.

The AC had reviewed and is of the view that the internal audit function is adequate and effective in FY2022.

## SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND ENGAGEMENT

## Shareholder Rights and Conduct of General Meetings

- Principle 11 The  company  treats  all  shareholders  fairly  and  equitably  in  order  to  enable  them  to  exercise shareholders'  rights  and  have  the  opportunity  to  communicate  their  views  on  matters  affecting the  company.  The  company  gives  shareholders  a  balanced  and  understandable  assessment  of  its performance, position and prospects.

## Shareholder Rights

The Company treats all shareholders fairly and equitably, and recognises, protects and facilitates the exercise of shareholders' rights and continually reviews and updates such governance arrangements.

The Company is committed to making timely, full and accurate disclosure to shareholders and the public.  All  information  on  the  Company's  new  initiatives  which  would  be  likely  to  materially  affect the price or value of the Company's shares will be promptly disseminated via SGXNet to ensure fair communication with shareholders.

The Company has endeavoured to provide a longer notice period of 28 days for its Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings over the years.

- 11.1 The  Company provides shareholders with the opportunity to participate  effectively  in  and  vote  at general  meetings  of  shareholders  and  informs  them  of  the  rules  governing  general  meetings  of shareholders.

Shareholders  are  encouraged  to  attend  the  AGM/EGM  to  ensure  a  high  level  of  accountability  and to  stay  apprised  of  the  Group's  strategy  and  goals.  Shareholders  are  given  the  opportunity  to raise questions and clarify any issues that they may have relating to the resolutions to be passed. Notice of the General Meetings will be announced on SGXNet and posted on the Company's website https://www.rexih.com.

An independent polling agent is appointed by the Company for general meetings. The polling rules, including the voting procedures that govern the general meeting of shareholders, will be explained during the general meetings. The Company ensures that shareholders are given the opportunity to participate effectively in and vote at general meetings.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 11.2 The Company tables separate resolutions at general meetings of shareholders on each substantially separate  issue  unless  the  issues  are  inter-dependent  and  linked,  so  as  to  form  one  significant proposal. If a scenario arises where the resolutions are inter-conditional, it is the Company's current intention to explain the reasons and material implications in the notice of meeting.

The  Company  typically  ensures  that  there  are  separate  resolutions  at  general  meetings  on  each distinct issue.

All resolutions are put to vote by poll, and their detailed results will be announced via SGXNet on the same day after the conclusion of the general meeting. Electronic poll voting has been adopted since 2017 so as to  better  reflect  shareholders'  interest  and  ensure  greater  transparency  in  the  voting process. An independent scrutineer is also appointed for the electronic poll voting process. Votes cast for and against each resolution will be tallied and displayed live-on-screen to shareholders or their appointed proxies immediately after each poll had been conducted at the meeting.

- 11.3 The Company requires all Directors (including the respective chairpersons of the Board Committees) and senior management, to be present at all general meetings of shareholders, unless in cases of exigencies. The EA is also required to be present to address shareholders' queries about the conduct of audit and the preparation and content of the independent auditor's report. Directors' attendance at the general meetings held in the financial year ended 31 December 2022 is tabled on page 95 of this Annual Report. All Directors attended the general meetings held in 2022.
- 11.4 The Company's Constitution allows for abstentia voting (including but not limited to the voting by mail, electronic mail or facsimile). As the authentication of shareholder identity and other related security and  integrity  issues  still  remains  a  concern,  the  Company  has  decided  for  the  time  being,  not  to implement absentia voting methods such as voting via mail, electronic mail or facsimile. A shareholder is entitled to attend and vote or to appoint not more than two proxies who need not be a shareholder of the Company, to attend and vote at the meetings on his behalf.

The Company's Constitution allows (a) each shareholder who is not a relevant intermediary the right to appoint up to two proxies and (b) each shareholder who is a relevant intermediary to appoint more than two proxies to attend, speak and vote on their behalf in general meetings. 'Relevant intermediary' has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 181 of the Companies Act.

The forthcoming AGM to be held on 28 April 2023 will be convened and held by way of electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020.  Alternative  arrangements  relating  to  attendance  at  the  AGM  via  electronic  means  (including arrangements by which the meeting can be electronically accessed via live audio- visual webcast or live audio-only stream), submission of questions in advance of the AGM, addressing of substantial and relevant questions prior to the deadline submission of the AGM proxy forms, appointing proxies to attend and vote in shareholders' stead at the AGM, live voting and live question-and-answer sessions will  be  put  in  place  for  the  AGM.  The  appendices,  notice  and  proxy  form  of  the  AGM,  and  FY2022 Annual Report have been distributed electronically via SGXNet and the corporate website.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 11.5 The  Company  publishes  minutes  of  general  meetings  of  shareholders  on  its  corporate  website https://www.rexih.com as soon as practicable. The minutes record substantial and relevant comments or queries from shareholders relating to the agenda of the general meeting, and responses from the Board and Management.

The Company had published the minutes of the annual general meeting and extraordinary general meeting held on 29 April 2022 and minutes of the extraordinary general meeting held on 3 March 2022 within one month from the conclusion of the respective meetings.

## 11.6 Dividend Policy

On 19 October 2021 and 28 February 2022, the Company announced that it has adopted a dividend policy, which allows for dividends to be paid-out subject to eligibility, for evaluation of the Company's financial year results for the relevant period/year. The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, shall be determined at the sole discretion of the Board. Any recommendation for dividends to be paid will be tabled for Shareholders' approval at the Company's annual general meetings, if required under applicable laws.

The  Board  has  recommended  a  final  dividend  of  S$0.005  per  ordinary  share  for  FY2022  which  is subject to shareholders' approval at the forthcoming AGM.

## Engagement with Shareholders

- Principle 12 The  company  communicates  regularly  with  its  shareholders  and  facilitates  the  participation  of shareholders during general meetings and other dialogues to allow shareholders to communicate their views on various matters affecting the company.

## 12.1 Communication with Shareholders

The Company solicits feedback from and addresses the concerns of shareholders via the following:

- One-on-one and group meetings;
- Investor/analyst briefings;
- Conferences and roadshows;
- Annual General Meetings and Extraordinary General Meetings; and
- Responses to email queries.

In 2022, the Company issued more than 88 announcements and press releases and conducted one-onone and group meetings, as well as conference calls, with local and foreign investors or analysts, as well as with the media.

Apart from the SGXNet announcements and its Annual Report, the Company updates shareholders on its  corporate developments through its corporate website at https://www.rexih.com and its investor relations webpage at https://investor.rexih.com/home.html.

- 12.2 The Company has in place an Investor Relations policy which is executed by a dedicated investor relations team, which allows for an ongoing exchange of views, so as to actively engage and promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

- 12.3 The  Company's  Investor  Relations  policy  sets  out  the  mechanism  through  which  shareholders may  contact  the  Company  with  questions  and  through  which  the  Company  may  respond  to  such questions. Contact details to the Company's investor relations team (ir@rexih.com) are available on the Company's corporate website https://www.rexih.com. Shareholders may contact the Lead Independent Director at independent.director@rexih.com.

The Company announces the unaudited condensed financial statements of the Company and the Group on a half yearly basis. As a mineral, oil and gas company, the Company will provide quarterly updates on its  use  of  funds  as  required  under  Listing  Rules  705(6)  and  705(7).  The  Company  also  provides timely updates on its operations whenever there are material developments.

## MANAGING STAKEHOLDER RELATIONSHIPS

## Engagement with Stakeholders

| ## Principle 13 The  Board  adopts  an  inclusive  approach  by  considering  and  balancing  the  needs  and  interests  of material  stakeholders,  as  part  of  its  overall  responsibility  to  ensure  that  the  best  interests  of  the company are served.  - 13.1 The Company has arrangements in place to identify and engage with its material stakeholder groups and to manage its relationships with such groups. Further details can be found in the Sustainability Report section of this Annual Report.  - 13.2 The Company has disclosed in this Annual Report, its strategy and key areas of focus in relation to the management of stakeholder relationships during the reporting period. Further details can be found in the Sustainability Report section of this Annual Report.  - 13.3 The  Company  maintains  a  current  corporate  website,  https://www.rexih.com,  to  communicate and  engage  with  stakeholders.  The  Company's  profile,  latest  news  and  announcements,  share price  information,  publications  such  as  annual  reports,  qualified  person's  reports,  fact  sheets  and presentations can be accessed on the corporate website. Investors can also opt for email alerts on the Company's latest announcements.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

## COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LISTING RULES

## Appointment of Auditors

- 1207(6)(c) The Company confirms its compliance to Listing Rules 712 and 715. Significant foreign subsidiaries are  audited  by  KPMG  LLP,  Singapore  for  consolidation  purpose,  and  other  member  firms  of  KPMG International. Both KPMG LLP and the audit partner-in-charge have the relevant experience in providing audit services to various clients in the oil and gas industry. Other foreign subsidiaries are registered BVI companies that have no operational activities in FY2022.

## 1207(8)

- Material Contracts

Save as announced via SGXNet on 30 December 2022, in respect of the various interested persons' transactions entered into between the Group and certain interested persons, there were no material contracts or loans entered into by or taken up by the Group involving the interest of the CEO, any Directors, or controlling shareholders which are either still subsisting at the end of FY2022 or if not then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year ended 31 December 2021.

## 1207(10) Confirmation of Adequacy of Internal Controls

The  Board  and  the  AC  are  of  the  opinion  that  the  internal  controls  are  adequate  and  effective  to address the financial, operational, compliance and information technology risks, and risk management systems  which  the  Group  considers  relevant  and  material  to  its  current  business  scope  and environment based on the following:

- Assurance has been received from the CEO, the CFO and key management personnel that are responsible for the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group's risk management and internal control systems;
- An internal audit has been done by the IA and significant matters highlighted to the AC and Management were appropriately addressed;
- Management regularly evaluates, monitors and reports to the AC and the RMC on material risks;
- Discussions were held between the AC and auditors in the absence of the Management to review and address any potential concerns;
- An  enterprise  risk  management  framework  is  in  place  to  identify,  manage  and  mitigate significant risks; and
- Risk appetite statements with tolerance limits have been approved by the Board to contain risks within acceptable levels and are monitored on a quarterly basis.

The  Board  notes  that  the  system  of  internal  controls  and  risk  management  provides  reasonable, but not absolute assurance that the Group will not be adversely affected by any event that could be reasonably foreseen as it works to achieve its business objectives. In this regard, the Board also notes that no system of internal controls and risk management can provide absolute assurance against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgment in decision making, human error, losses, fraud or other irregularities.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| 1207(10A)  There is no family relation between the Executive Chairman and the CEO of the Company.  1207(10C)  The  AC  is  of  the  view  that  the  Company's  internal  audit  function  is  independent,  effective  and adequately resourced.  ## 1207(17) Interested Persons' Transactions ('IPT')   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Company does not have an IPT Mandate. The aggregate value of IPTs for FY2022 disclosed in accordance with Rule 907 of the Listing Rules was as follows:

<!-- image -->

| Name of  interested  person  Nature of  relationship  Aggregate value of  all interested person  transactions during the  financial year under review  (excluding transactions  less than $100,000 and  transactions conducted  under shareholders' mandate  pursuant to Rule 920)  Aggregate value of  all interested person  transactions conducted  under shareholders'  mandate pursuant to Rule  920 (excluding transactions  less than $100,000)  US$'000  US$'000  Xer Technologies  Pte. Ltd. ('  Xer  ')  Xer is held by  Cresta and Limea  at 42% and 15%  respectively  4,000*  -  Moroxite AB  ('  Moroxite  ')  Moroxite is  39.6% held  by a company  owned by Dr Lars  Lidgren, brother  to Dr Karl Lidgren  and Mr Hans  Lidgren  4,120  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

Dr Karl Lidgren and Mr Hans Lidgren are controlling shareholders of the Company with a 34.71% deemed interest in the Company held through Limea Ltd. (' Limea '), in which each of Mr Hans Lidgren and Cresta Group Ltd (' Cresta ') have a 50% shareholding interest respectively. Cresta is in turn wholly-owned by Dr Karl Lidgren.

*   Subject to the achievement of certain technical and sales milestones by Xer.

Completion  of  the  IPT  entered  into  with  Moroxite  is  subject  to  conditions,  including  receipt  of shareholders' approval.

Save as disclosed above, there were no other IPTs that were more than S$100,000 entered into by the Group in FY2022.

The Company has adopted an internal policy in respect of any transactions with an interested person (as defined in the Listing Rules) and has established procedures for the review and approval of all IPTs entered into by the Group. The AC reviews the rationale and terms of the Group's IPTs, with the view that the IPTs should be on normal commercial terms, at arm's length basis and are not prejudicial to the interests of its minority shareholders.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As part of the Company's policy, Directors are required to disclose to the Board all actual and potential conflicts  of  interest.  A  Director  shall  recuse  himself  or  herself  from  discussions  and  abstain  from voting on resolutions regarding any contract, arrangement or any other transaction in which he or she has any personal material interest, directly or indirectly.

## 1207(19) Dealing in Securities

The Company and its subsidiaries have adopted an internal policy which prohibits the Directors and officers (including employees) from dealing in the securities of the Company while in possession of price-sensitive information.

The Company, its Directors and officers (including employees) of the Company and its subsidiaries are also discouraged from dealing in the Company's securities on short-term considerations and are prohibited from dealing in the Company's securities during the period beginning one month before the announcement of the Company's half-year and full-year financial statements, and ending on the date of the announcement of the relevant results.

## 1207(20) Use of Proceeds Raised from Placement Exercise

The Company had on 6 November 2013, completed a placement of 70 million new ordinary shares at an issue price of S$0.755 per share (the ' 2013 Placement '),  raising  net  proceeds of S$50.87 million (after  deducting placement expenses of S$1.98 million). As at the date of this report, the Company had utilised all the 2013 Placement proceeds except for the amount allocated to the share buyback mandate of S$5.96 million.

The Company had utilised S$0.99 million in relation to the share buyback exercise in the financial year ended 2019. No share buybacks were conducted in FY2020, FY2021 and FY2022. The ending balance of the amount allocated to the share buyback mandate as at 31 December 2022 and the date of this report was S$4.97 million.

## 720(6) Additional Information on Directors Seeking Re-election

Pursuant to Listing Rule 720(6), the additional information as set out in Appendix 7.4.1 of the Listing Rules relating to the retiring Directors who are submitting themselves for re-election, is disclosed below  and  to  be  read  in  conjunction  with  their  respective  biographies  under  the  section  entitled 'Board of Directors' of this Annual Report:

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  Date of Appointment  11 January 2013  26 June 2013  4 May 2022  4 May 2022  4 May 2022  Date of last  re-appointment  (if applicable)  23 April 2021  23 April 2021  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Not Applicable  Age  79  65  52  54  41  Country of principal  residence  Singapore  Singapore  Singapore  United Kingdom  Sweden  The Board's  comments on this re-  appointment  The re-election of  Dan Broström was  recommended by  the Nominating  Committee and  the Board has  accepted the  recommendation,  after taking into  consideration his  contributions and  performance.  The re-election of  Sin Boon Ann was  recommended by  the Nominating  Committee and  the Board has  accepted the  recommendation,  after taking into  consideration his  independence,  contributions and  performance.  The re-election  of Mae Heng was  recommended by  the Nominating  Committee and  the Board has  accepted the  recommendation,  after taking into  consideration her  independence,  contributions and  performance.  The re-election of  John d'Abo was  recommended by  the Nominating  Committee and  the Board has  accepted the  recommendation,  after taking into  consideration his  independence,  contributions and  performance.  The re-election of  Dr Mathias Lidgren  was recommended  by the Nominating  Committee and  the Board has  accepted the  recommendation,  after taking into  consideration his  contributions and  performance.  Whether appointment  is executive, and  if so, the area of  responsibility  Executive. He  leads the Board  and assumes  the roles and  responsibilities as  chairman of the  Company  Non-Executive.  Non-Executive.  Non-Executive.  Non-Executive.  Job Title (e.g. Lead  ID, AC Chairman, AC  Member etc.)  •  Executive  Chairman  •  Member  of Audit  Committee  •  Member of  Remuneration  Committee  •  Lead  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  •  Chairman of  Nominating  and  Remuneration  Committees  •  Member  of Audit  Committee  •  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  •  Chairperson  of Audit  Committee  •  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  •  Member of  Nominating  and  Remuneration  Committees  •  Non-  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  •  Member of  Nominating  Committee  Professional  Qualifications  Refer to section on Board of Directors at pages 10 to 13 of this annual report for details.  Working experience  and occupation(s)  during the past 10  years  Refer to section on Board of Directors at pages 10 to 13 of this annual report for details.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  Shareholding interest  in the listed issuer  and its subsidiaries  Direct: 11,306,075  ordinary shares  (representing  0.87%  shareholding  interest) in Rex  International  Holding Limited  Subsidiaries of  Rex International  Holding Limited:  Nil  Direct: 900,000  ordinary shares  (representing  0.07%  shareholding  interest) in Rex  International  Holding Limited  Subsidiaries of  Rex International  Holding Limited:  Nil  Direct and  Deemed: Nil  Subsidiaries of  Rex International  Holding Limited:  Nil  Direct: 128,000  ordinary shares  (representing  0.01%  shareholding  interest) in Rex  International  Holding Limited  Subsidiaries of  Rex International  Holding Limited:  Nil  Direct interest:  7,000,000 ordinary  shares held  through Citibank  N.A. Singapore  (representing  0.54%  shareholding  interest) in Rex  International  Holding Limited  Subsidiaries of  Rex International  Holding Limited:  Nil  Any relationship  (including immediate  family relationships)  with any existing  director, existing  executive officer,  the issuer and/  or substantial  shareholder of the  listed issuer or of any  of its principal  subsidiaries  No  No  No  No  Yes. Dr Mathias  Lidgren is the son  of Mr Hans Lidgren  (controlling  shareholder),  nephew of  Dr Karl Lidgren  (Executive Director  and controlling  shareholder), and  first cousin of  Mr Mans Lidgren  (Chief Executive  Officer) and  brother of  Ms Lina Berntsen  (Chief Technology  Officer).  Mr Hans Lidgren  and Dr Karl Lidgren  are deemed  interested in  34.71% of the  Company's shares  held by Limea Ltd.,  in which each of  Mr Hans Lidgren  and Cresta Group  Ltd ('  Cresta  ') has a  50% shareholding  interest in  respectively. Cresta  is in turn wholly-  owned by Dr Karl  Lidgren.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  Conflict of interests  (including any  competing business)  No  No  No  No  No  Undertaking has been  submitted to the  listed issuer in the  form of Appendix 7.7  under Rule 720(1)  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Yes  Past (for the last  5 years)  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Rex South East  Asia Ltd.  •  Rex  Technology  Management  Ltd.  •  Rex US Ltd.  •  Cathay Ltd  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  HRnet Group  Limited  •  SE Hub Ltd.  •  Datapulse  Technology  Limited  •  At-Sunrice  GlobalChef  Academy  Pte. Ltd.  •  DrewCorp  Services  Pte Ltd  •  Drew &amp; Napier  LLC  Other Principal  Commitments  Including  Directorships  •  Pacific Star  Development  Limited  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Avicrisali Srl  •  Piscicola  Salcioara Srl  •  Agropig Srl  •  Caviar Biotec  Ltd  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Medical  Doctor,  Sahlgrenska  University  Hospital,  Gothenburg,  Sweden  Present  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Rex  International  Investments  Pte. Ltd.  •  Rex  Technology  Investments  Pte. Ltd.  •  Rex  International  Holding Ltd.  (BVI)  •  Cathay  (Venture) Pte  Ltd  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Sarine  Technologies  Ltd  •  The Trendlines  Group Ltd  •  Balkan  Holdings Pte.  Ltd  •  Healthway  Medical  Corporation  Limited  •  The Farrer Park  Company Pte.  Ltd.  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Novo Tellus  Alpha  Acquisition  •  Grand Venture  Technology  Limited  •  Chuan Hup  Holdings  Limited  •  HRnet Group  Limited  •  Ossia  International  Limited  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Erland  Advisors Ltd  •  Moroxite  Holding Pte.  Ltd.  Principal  Commitments  including  Directorships  •  Propatria AB  •  Rotationsplast  i Munka-  Ljungby AB  •  Caithness  Fastighets AB  •  Forvaltningsa-  ktiebolaget  Maple  •  Trolleholms  Slott AB  •  Captiosus AB  •  Strominnate  Therapeutics  AB   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  •  Havalina Pte  Ltd  •  Moroxite  Holding Pte.  Ltd.  •  Xer  Technologies  Pte. Ltd.  •  W Capital  Markets Pte.  Ltd.  •  TIH Limited  •  At-Sunrice  (Holdings) Pte.  Ltd.  •  Esseplore Pte.  Ltd.  •  Singapore  Centre  for Social  Enterprise Ltd.  •  OUE Limited  •  CSE Global  Limited  •  Tampines  Central  Community  Foundation  Limited  •  Drew &amp; Napier  LLC  •  Apex  Healthcare  Berhad  •  Drew &amp; Lee  Investment  (Private)  Limited  •  Drew &amp; Lee  Holding  (Private)  Limited  •  Drew &amp; Lee  Land Pte. Ltd.  •  Moroxite  Holding Pte.  Ltd.  •  Moroxite T AB  •  Medical  Doctor, Skane  University  Hospitals,  Lund, Sweden  •  Postdoctoral  Researcher,  Division of  Molecular  Medicine and  Gene Therapy,  Department  of Laboratory  Medicine, Lund  University,  Lund, Sweden  (a)  Whether at any  time during the  last 10 years, an  application or a  petition under any  bankruptcy law of  any jurisdiction  was filed against  him or against  a partnership of  which he was a  partner at the  time when he was  a partner or at  any time within  2 years from the  date he  eased to  be a partner?  No  No  No  No  No   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (b)  Whether at any  time during the  last 10 years, an  application or a  petition under  any law of any  jurisdiction was  filed against an  entity (not being  a partnership)  of which he was  a director or an  equivalent person  or a key executive,  at the time when  he was a director  or an equivalent  person or a key  executive of that  entity or at any  time within 2  years from the  date he ceased to  be a director or an  equivalent person  or a key executive  of that entity, for  the winding up  or dissolution  of that entity or,  where that entity  is the trustee  of a business  trust, that  business trust,  on the ground of  insolvency?  No  No  No  No  No  (c)  Whether there is  any unsatisfied  judgment against  him?  No  No  No  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (d)  Whether he  has ever been  convicted of  any offence,  in Singapore  or elsewhere,  involving fraud or  dishonesty which  is punishable with  imprisonment,  or has been  the subject of  any criminal  proceedings  (including any  pending criminal  proceedings  of which he is  aware) for such  purpose?  No  No  No  No  No  (e)  Whether he  has ever been  convicted of  any offence,  in Singapore  or elsewhere,  involving a  breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement  that relates to  the securities or  futures industry  in Singapore or  elsewhere, or has  been the subject  of any criminal  proceedings  (including any  pending criminal  proceedings  of which he is  aware) for such  breach?  No  No  No  No  No   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (f)  Whether  at any  time during the  last 10 years,  judgment has  been entered  against him in any  civil proceedings  in Singapore  or elsewhere  involving a  breach of any  law or regulatory  requirement  that relates to  the securities or  futures industry  in Singapore  or elsewhere,  or a finding of  fraud, mis-  representation  or dishonesty  on his part, or  he has been the  subject of any  civil proceedings  (including any  pending civil  proceedings  of which he is  aware) involving  an allegation  of fraud, mis-  representation or  dishonesty on his  part?  No  No  No  No  No  (g)  Whether he  has ever been  convicted in  Singapore or  elsewhere of  any offence in  connection with  the formation  or management  of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  No  No  No   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (h)  Whether he  has ever been  disqualified  from acting as  a director or  an equivalent  person of any  entity (including  the trustee of a  business trust),  or from taking  part directly or  indirectly in the  management  of any entity or  business trust?  No  No  No  No  No  (i)  Whether he has  ever been the  subject of any  order, judgment  or ruling of any  court, tribunal  or governmental  body, permanently  or temporarily  enjoining him  from engaging  in any type of  business practice  or activity?  No  No  No  No  No  (j)  Whether he  has ever, to his  knowledge, been  concerned with  the management  or conduct, in  Singapore or  elsewhere, of the  affairs of :  (i)  any  corporation  which  has been  investigated  for a breach  of any law or  regulatory  requirement  governing  corporations  in Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  Yes.  Mr Sin Boon Ann  has been the  Independent  Chairman of  Healthway Medical  Corporation ('  HMC  ')  since 26 April  2019. HMC had  received enquiries  and communicated  with the Singapore  Exchange  Regulation Pte.  Ltd. in relation to  its obligations  under Catalist  Listing Rule 703(4)  (a) read with  paragraph 27(a)  of the Corporate  Disclosure Policy.  No  No  No   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  This arose from  certain inaccurate  disclosures in  HMC's annual  report for  the financial  year ended 31  December 2019  ('  AR 2019  ')  pertaining to the  re-election of  Mr Sin and the  appointment  of Ms Poh Mui  Hoon, which were  corrected in  HMC's subsequent  corrigendum after  the inadvertent  errors first  discovered. The  AR 2019 had been  announced by  HMC on SGXNET  on 15 April 2020  and the aforesaid  disclosures were  subsequently  revised and  corrected by way  of a corrigendum  to the AR 2019  announced by HMC  on SGXNET on 22  June 2020.  (ii)  any entity  (not being a  corporation)  which  has been  investigated  for a breach  of any law or  regulatory  requirement  governing  such entities  in Singapore  or elsewhere;  or  No  No  No  No  No   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (iii)   any business  trust which  has been  investigated  for a breach  of any law or  regulatory  requirement  governing  business  trusts in  Singapore or  elsewhere; or  No  No  No  No  No  (iv)  any entity  or business  trust which  has been  investigated  for a breach  of any law or  regulatory  requirement  that relates to  the securities  or futures  industry in  Singapore or  elsewhere,  No  No  No  No  No  with any matter  occurring or arising  during that period  when he was so  concerned with the  entity or business  trust?   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

| Dan Broström  Sin Boon Ann  Heng Su-Ling Mae  John d'Abo  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (k)  Whether he has  been the subject  of any current or  past investigation  or disciplinary  proceedings,  or has been  reprimanded  or issued any  warning, by  the Monetary  Authority of  Singapore or any  other regulatory  authority,  exchange,  professional body  or government  agency, whether  in Singapore or  elsewhere?  No  No  No  No  No   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

We are pleased to submit this annual report to the members of Rex International Holding Limited (' the Company ') together with the audited financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.

In our opinion:

- (a) the financial statements set out on pages 160 to 239 are drawn up so as to give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and the financial performance, changes in equity and cash flows of the Group, and changes of equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International); and
- (b) at the date of this statement, there are reasonable grounds to believe that the Company will be able to pay its debts as and when they fall due.

The Board of Directors has, on the date of this statement, authorised these financial statements for issue.

## DIRECTORS

| The directors in office at the date of this statement are as follows:  Dan Broström (Executive Chairman)  Dr Christopher Atkinson  Dr Karl Lidgren  Sin Boon Ann  Mae Heng  (Appointed on 4 May 2022)  John d'Abo  (Appointed on 4 May 2022)  Dr Mathias Lidgren  (Appointed on 4 May 2022)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS

According to the register kept by the Company for the purposes of Section 164 of the Companies Act 1967 (' the Act '), particulars of interests of directors who held office at the end of the financial year (including those held by their spouses and children) in shares, debentures, warrants and share options in the Company and in related corporations (other than wholly-owned subsidiaries) are as follows:

| Name of director and corporation in which interests are held  Holdings at  beginning of  the year/date of  appointment  Holdings at  end of the year  Rex International Holding Limited  Dan Broström  Ordinary shares  - direct interest  11,306,075  11,306,075   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## DIRECTORS' INTERESTS (CONTINUED)

| Name of director and corporation in which interests are held  Holdings at  beginning of  the year/date of  appointment  Holdings at  end of the year  Rex International Holding Limited (continued)  Dr Christopher Atkinson  Ordinary shares  - direct interest  200,000  400,000  Dr Karl Lidgren  Ordinary shares  - deemed interest  452,020,422  452,020,422  Sin Boon Ann  Ordinary shares  - direct interest  900,000  900,000  John d'Abo  Ordinary shares  - direct interest  -  128,000  Dr Mathias Lidgren  Ordinary shares  - direct interest  7,000,000  7,000,000   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

By virtue of Section 7 of the Act, Dan Broström, Dr Christopher Atkinson, Dr Karl Lidgren, Sin Boon Ann, John d'Abo and Dr Mathias Lidgren are deemed to have interests in all the related corporations of the Company, either at the beginning of the financial year, or date of appointment if later, or at the end of the financial year.

Except as disclosed in this statement, no director who held office at the end of the financial year had interests in shares, debentures, warrants or share options of the Company, or of related corporations, either at the beginning of the financial year, or date of appointment if later, or at the end of the financial year.

There were no changes in any of the above mentioned interests in the Company between the end of the financial year and 21 January 2023.

Except as disclosed under the 'Share options' and 'Share awards' sections of this statement, neither at the end of, nor at any time during the financial year, was the Company a party to any arrangement whose objects are, or one of whose objects  is,  to  enable  the  directors  of  the  Company  to  acquire  benefits  by  means  of  the  acquisition  of  shares  in  or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## SHARE OPTIONS

The  Employee  Share  Option  Scheme  (the  ' ESOS ')  of  the  Company  was  approved  and  adopted  by  its  members  at  an Extraordinary  General  Meeting  held  on  24  June  2013  and  amended  with  shareholders'  approval  at  an  Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 3 March 2022. The ESOS is administered by the Company's Remuneration Committee, comprising 3 directors, Sin Boon Ann, Dan Broström and John d'Abo.

Other information regarding the ESOS is set out below:

- l The exercise price of the options can be set at a discount to the Market Price (1)  not exceeding 20% of the Market Price at the date on which the options are granted.
- l For the options granted with exercise price set at Market Price, they can be exercised 1 year from the date of the grant and will expire 5 years from the date on which the options are granted.
- l For the options granted with exercise price set at a discount to the Market Price, they can be exercised 2 years from the date of the grant and will expire 5 years from the date on which the options are granted.
- l The ESOS shall be in force for a maximum of 10 years from the date on which the ESOS was adopted. Upon obtaining the approval of shareholders by ordinary resolution in general meeting and of any relevant authorities which may be required, the ESOS may continue beyond 10 years from the date it was adopted.
- (1) The Market Price is calculated based on the average of the last dealt prices for the Company's shares on the  Mainboard of the SGX-ST over the 5 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the date on which the options  are granted.

No options were granted by the Company during the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' FY2022 '). As at 31 December 2022, there are no options outstanding as all options granted had expired.

## SHARE AWARDS

The Performance Share Plan (the ' PSP ')  of  the  Company was approved and adopted by its members at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 24 June 2013 and amended with shareholders' approval at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 30 April 2014, 28 April 2017 and 3 March 2022. The PSP is administered by the Company's Remuneration Committee, comprising 3 directors, Sin Boon Ann, Dan Broström and John d'Abo.

The objective of the PSP of the Company is to promote higher performance goals and recognise the achievements of employees by motivating and aligning their interests to the Group's pre-determined goals. Performance targets set are based on short  to  medium-term  corporate  objectives  including  market  competitiveness,  quality  of  returns,  business growth and productivity growth.

The award of ordinary shares granted under the PSP represent the right of an employee to receive fully paid shares, free of  charge upon the achievement of pre-determined goals during the performance period, at the sole discretion of the Remuneration Committee.

The length of the vesting period in respect of the awards of such number of fully-paid ordinary shares granted under the PSP (the ' Awards ') will be determined on a case-by-case basis by the Remuneration Committee.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## SHARE AWARDS (CONTINUED)

Details of the movement of the Awards during the financial year were as follows:

| Number of Awards  Date of  grant of Awards  At  1 January  2022  Granted  Lapsed/  cancelled  Vested  At  31 December  2022  Number of  holders at  31 December  2022  9 March 2021  11,724,100 (1)  -  (11,724,100) (2)  -  -  -  8 April 2022  -  11,724,100 (3)  (1,200,000) (4)  -  10,524,100  3  20 October 2022  -  3,600,000 (3)  -  -  3,600,000  3  11,724,100  15,324,100  (12,924,100)  -  14,124,100  6   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (1) On 9 March 2021, the Company granted 11,724,100 Awards to certain directors of the Company. The number of Awards to be vested will range from 0% to 100%, subject to fulfilment of certain predetermined performance benchmarks and the satisfactory completion of time-based service conditions.

If  the  Average  Performance  Market  Price*  is  S$0.30  and  above,  50%  of  the  Awards  shall  be  released  after  the vesting period. If the Average Performance Market Price is S$0.45 and above, an additional 50% of the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is less than S$0.30, none of the Awards shall be released unless otherwise determined by the committee administering the PSP.

- (2) On 8 April 2022, 5,862,050 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value).

On 29 April 2022, 5,862,050 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value), subsequent to the approval of payment of additional remuneration to certain Directors at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting held on 29 April 2022.

- (3) On  8  April  2022  and  20  October  2022,  the  Company  granted  11,724,100  and  3,600,000  Awards  respectively, to certain directors of the Company. The number of Awards to be vested will range from 0% to 100%, subject to fulfilment  of  certain  predetermined  performance  benchmarks  and  the  satisfactory  completion  of  time-based service conditions.

If the Average Performance Market Price* is S$0.45 and above, 50% of the number of shares in the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is S$0.60 and above, an additional 50 per cent of the number of shares in the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is less than S$0.45 and S$0.60 in 2022 and 2023 respectively, a Key Performance Indicator-based incentive scheme (' KPI-based Incentive Scheme ') shall apply and the number of shares to be released under the Awards will range from 0% to 100%, subject to the  fulfilment  of  the  predetermined  performance  targets  in  the  KPI-based  Incentive  Scheme.  The  committee administering the PSP may also modify the release of the Awards in tranches at its own discretion, in accordance with the rules of the PSP.

- (4) On 29 April 2022, 1,200,000 Awards previously granted to a director had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value), subsequent to his retirement as Independent Non-Executive Director.
* Average Performance Market Price refers to the average of Company's closing market prices of Shares over a consecutive period of five (5) market days in which transactions in the Shares were recorded, at any time within a two-year period from the date of Awards.
3. ** S$ : Singapore dollars.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## SHARE AWARDS (CONTINUED)

On 13 March 2023, all 14,124,100 outstanding Awards as at 31 December 2022 were cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value).

Details of the Awards granted under the PSP to participants who are (a) directors, (b) controlling shareholders or associates of the controlling shareholders, and (c) participants who received five percent or more of the total grants available under the PSP since the commencement of the PSP are as follows:

| Name of participant  Awards  granted in  FY2022  Net aggregate  Awards  granted since  commencement  of PSP to  31 December  2022 (1)  Awards  released in  FY2022  Aggregate  Awards  released since  commencement  of PSP to  31 December  2022 (2)  Aggregate  Awards  outstanding and  which have not  been released as  at 31 December  2022  Directors  Dan Broström  8,124,100  14,217,175  -  (6,093,075)  8,124,100  Dr Christopher Atkinson  1,200,000  2,100,000  -  (900,000)  1,200,000  Sin Boon Ann  1,200,000  1,620,000  -  (420,000)  1,200,000  Mae Heng  1,200,000  1,200,000  -  -  1,200,000  John d'Abo  1,200,000  1,200,000  -  -  1,200,000  Dr Mathias Lidgren  1,200,000  1,200,000  -  -  1,200,000  Controlling shareholders or associates of the controlling shareholders  Måns Lidgren  -  14,241,464  -  (14,241,464)  -  Participants who received 5% or more of the total grants available  Per Lind  -  11,017,691  -  (11,017,691)  -  Kristofer Skantze  -  7,439,504  -  (7,439,504)  -  Mok Lai Siong  -  6,070,952  -  (6,070,952)  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) Aggregate Awards granted less aggregate Awards granted that have since lapsed or been cancelled.

(2) Including new shares issued and allotted, and existing shares purchased.

Save as disclosed in the table above, no other director, controlling shareholder or associates of the controlling shareholder received any shares under the PSP since the commencement of the PSP.

The  aggregate  Awards  granted  since  commencement  of  the  PSP  to  31  December  2022  is  365,496,644  of  which 300,021,816 Awards have since been cancelled or have lapsed.

The vesting and release of the Awards granted to eligible participants (including the Directors and Chief Executive Officer) under the PSP are based on pre-determined performance goals and conditional on the satisfactory completion of timebased service conditions.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The members of the Audit Committee during the financial year and at the date of this statement are:

| - Mae Heng (Chairman)  Independent Non-Executive Director  - Sin Boon Ann  Lead Independent Non-Executive Director Executive Chairman  - Dan Broström   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Audit Committee performs the functions specified in Section 201B of the Act, the SGX-ST Listing Manual and the Code of Corporate Governance.

The Audit Committee has held four meetings since the last directors' statement. In performing its functions, the Audit Committee met with the Company's external and internal auditors to discuss the scope of their work, the results of their examination and evaluation of the Company's internal accounting control system.

The Audit Committee also reviewed the following:

- assistance provided by the Company's officers to the internal and external auditors;
- quarterly  financial  information  and  annual  financial  statements  of  the  Group  and  the  Company  prior  to  their submission to the directors of the Company for adoption; and
- interested person transactions (as defined in Chapter 9 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual).

The Audit Committee has full access to management and is given the resources required for it to discharge its functions. It has full authority and the discretion to invite any director or executive officer to attend its meetings. The Audit Committee also recommends the appointment of the external auditors and reviews the level of audit and non-audit fees.

The Audit Committee is satisfied with the independence and objectivity of the external auditors.

The Audit Committee nominates Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP for appointment as the external auditors of the Company in place of the retiring auditors, KPMG LLP, at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company.

In appointing our auditors for the Company and subsidiaries, the Board of Directors have complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.

## DIRECTORS' STATEMENT

## AUDITORS

The retiring auditors, KPMG LLP, will not be seeking re-appointment at the forth coming Annual General Meeting. Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP has expressed its willingness to accept appointment as auditors.

On behalf of the Board of Directors

## Dan Broström

Director

## Mae Heng

Director

23 March 2023

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Rex International Holding Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## Opinion

We  have  audited  the  consolidated  financial  statements  of  Rex  International  Holding  Limited  (' the  Company ')  and its  subsidiaries  (' the  Group '),  which  comprise  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  of  the  Group  and  the statement of financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group and the statement of changes in equity of the Company for the financial year then ended, and notes to the financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies, as set out on pages 160 to 239.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements of the Group and the statement of financial position and changes in equity of the Company are properly drawn up in accordance with the provisions of the Companies Act 1967 (' the Act ') and Singapore Financial Reporting Standards (International) (' SFRS(I)s ') so as to give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group and the financial position of the Company as at 31 December 2022 and of the consolidated financial performance, consolidated changes in equity and consolidated cash flows of the Group and the changes in equity of the Company for the financial year ended on that date.

## Basis for opinion

We conducted our audit in accordance with Singapore Standards on Auditing (' SSAs ').  Our  responsibilities under those standards are further described in the 'Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements'  section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority Code of Professional Conduct and Ethics for Public Accountants and Accounting Entities (' ACRA Code ')  together with the ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the financial statements in Singapore, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements and the ACRA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Rex International Holding Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the financial  statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

| ## Business Combinations  Refer to Note 3.1(i) - Accounting policy: Business Combinations and Note 5 to the financial statements  The key audit matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  During the year, the Group acquired a 10% interest in the  Yme Field on the Norwegian North Sea.  Such  transactions  can  be  complex  and  judgement  is  involved  in  determining  whether  the  transaction  is  an  acquisition  of  an  asset  or  business,  with  different  accounting  treatment  applicable.  In  accounting  for  a  business  combination,  judgements  are  applied  and  there  exist  inherent  uncertainties  in  estimating  the  fair  value  of  the  identified  assets  and  liabilities  that  make  up  the  acquisition;  and  allocating  the  overall  purchase  price  to  those  identified  assets  and  liabilities,  with  any  excess or shortfall being recognised as goodwill on the  statement of financial position or a bargain purchase in  the  statement of comprehensive income (the '  Purchase  Price  Allocation  ').  In  relation  to  the  acquisitions,  an  independent  professional  firm  was  engaged  to  assist  the  Group  in  arriving  at  its  purchase  price  allocation  assessment.  We have assessed the accounting of the acquisitions by  examining legal and contractual documents to determine  whether these acquisitions are business combinations or  the acquisition of assets.  We  read  the  purchase  price  allocation  reports  and  assessed  the  allocation  of  the  purchase  price  to  significant identified assets and liabilities acquired. We  compared the methodologies and key assumptions used  in  deriving  the  significant  allocated  values  to  generally  accepted  market  practices  and  market  data,  where  applicable.  We  found  management's  purchase  price  allocation  assessment to be balanced.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Rex International Holding Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matters (continued)

| ## Impairment risk over Exploration and Evaluation ('E&amp;E') assets  Refer to Note 3.3 - Accounting policy: E&amp;E assets, Note 4 to the financial statements  ## The key audit matter  ## How the matter was addressed in our audit  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  E&amp;E  assets  are  carried  at US$36.8 million which represents 5.5% of total assets.  There is  a  risk  of  impairment  on  the  Group's  significant E&amp;E assets due to the continued volatility of oil prices and the risk associated with finding sufficient oil reserves for commercial production within the licence period.  In  addition to significance of the amount, management's assessment  process  involves  significant  judgement regarding  the  technical  feasibility  and  commercial viability of continuing E&amp;E activities for each licence.  We  reviewed  if  impairment  indicators  exist  for  each concession  that  forms  a  cash  generating  unit  under SFRS(I)  6 Exploration  for  and  Evaluation  of  Mineral Resources.  We  discussed  with  the  Group's  management  and  read supporting documents to understand the current status and future plans for the E&amp;E assets.  Taking  into  consideration  the  Group's  future  plans, intentions  for  these  E&amp;E  assets,  market  data  and  the status  of  each  of  the  licences,  we  found  the  Group's assessment  of  no  indicators  of  impairment  of  the  E&amp;E assets as at 31 December 2022 to be balanced.   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment risk over Oil and Gas ('O&amp;G') properties

Refer to Note 3.4 - Accounting policy: O&amp;G properties and Note 5 to the financial statements

| ## The key audit matter  ## How the matter was addressed in our audit  As  at  31  December  2022,  the  O&amp;G  assets  are  carried  at US$216.3 million which represents 32.4% of total assets.  The carrying amounts of the Group's O&amp;G properties are reviewed  at  each  reporting  date  to  determine  whether there  is  any  indication  of  impairment.  If  any  such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. This process involves reviewing management's forecast and performing sensitivity analysis.  Management's  forecast  includes  estimates  of  reserve, expectation  of  future  oil  prices,  production  levels, operating costs, and economic assumptions.  We  discussed  with  the  Group's  management  and  read supporting documents to understand the current status and future plans for the O&amp;G properties.  We have reviewed management's forecast and performed sensitivity  analysis  in  the  context  of  assessing  of impairment indicators.  Taking  into  consideration  the  Group's  future  plans  for these O&amp;G properties, market data and other supporting evidence, we found the management's assessment to be balanced.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Rex International Holding Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matters (continued)

| Contingent liability - litigation claims from Petroci Holding ('Petroci')  Refer to Note 3.12 - Accounting policy: Provisions and Note 30(a) to the financial statements  The key audit matter  How the matter was addressed in our audit  In  2021,  Petroci  made  claims  against  the  Company's  subsidiaries, Rex Oman Limited ('  Rex Oman  '),  Masirah Oil  Limited ('  MOL  '),  and  certain past and present directors of  MOL in the High Court, Commercial Division of the British  Virgin Islands, in connection with the alleged conduct of  MOL's affairs, which led to a dilution of Petroci's interest  in MOL as a partner and minority shareholder.  Significant judgement is involved in determining whether  any  provision  should  be  set  aside  for  the  claims  and  whether adequate disclosure of the claims are made in  the financial statements.  We obtained  an  update  from  the  Group's  external  legal  counsel  on  the  status  of  the  litigation  and  the  likely  outcome of these claims.  We also  reviewed  legal  documents  and  discussed  with  the Group relating to the claims.  We further reviewed and assessed the sufficiency of the  related disclosures made in the financial statements.  We  found  the  Group's  assessment  that  the  claims  meet the criteria  of  a  contingent  liability,  including  the  disclosure of the matters, to be balanced.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Other information

Management is responsible for the other information contained in the annual report. Other information is defined as all information in the annual report other than the financial statements and our auditors' report thereon.

We have obtained all other information prior to the date of this auditors' report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## Responsibilities of management and directors for the financial statements

Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with the provisions of the Act and SFRS(I)s, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets.

In preparing the financial statements, management is responsible for assessing the Group's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors' responsibilities include overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Rex International Holding Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are  free  from material  misstatement,  whether  due  to  fraud  or  error,  and  to  issue  an  auditors'  report  that  includes  our  opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- l Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal controls.
- l Obtain an understanding of internal controls relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal controls.
- l Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.
- l Conclude on the appropriateness of management's use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists,  we  are  required  to  draw  attention  in  our  auditors'  report  to  the  related  disclosures  in  the  financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditors' report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
- l Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the financial statements, including the disclosures, and whether the financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- l Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the directors regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal controls that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the directors with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence, and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

## INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

Members of the Company Rex International Holding Limited

## REPORT ON THE AUDIT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Auditors' responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements (continued)

From the matters communicated with the directors, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditors' report unless the law or regulations preclude public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

## REPORT ON OTHER LEGAL AND REGULATORY REQUIREMENTS

In our opinion, the accounting and other records required by the Act to be kept by the Company and by those subsidiary corporations incorporated in Singapore of which we are the auditors have been properly kept in accordance with the provisions of the Act.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditors' report is Ronald Tay Ser Teck.

## KPMG LLP

Public Accountants and Chartered Accountants

## Singapore

23 March 2023

## STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION

As at 31 December 2022

| Group  Company  Note  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Assets  Exploration and evaluation assets  4  36,856  40,646  -  -  Oil and gas properties  5  216,342  137,022  -  -  Goodwill and intangible assets  6  33,574  2,515  -  -  Property, plant and equipment  7  2,174  1,609  338  244  Subsidiaries  8  -  -  92,621  92,621  Associate  10  2,514  1,000  -  -  Jointly controlled entities  10  989  -  -  -  Other receivables  11  135,515  167,193  -  -  Non-current assets  427,964  349,985  92,959  92,865  Inventories  12  13,733  11,278  -  -  Trade and other receivables  11  88,062  94,988  5,226  1,130  Quoted investments  13  23,041  26,306  23,040  26,298  Cash and cash equivalents  14  115,758  60,603  25,923  6,489  Current assets  240,594  193,175  54,189  33,917  Total assets  668,558  543,160  147,148  126,782  Equity  Share capital  15  257,677  257,677  257,677  257,677  Reserves  16  4,477  8,753  1,082  725  Accumulated losses  (85,608)  (80,067)  (161,609)  (168,096)  Equity attributable to owners of the Company  176,546  186,363  97,150  90,306  Non-controlling interests  9  11,937  12,892  -  -  Total equity  188,483  199,255  97,150  90,306  Liabilities  Loans and borrowings  18  77,987  47,107  -  -  Provisions  19  190,661  197,147  -  -  Lease liabilities  20  636  149  87  39  Deferred tax liabilities  21  66,885  40,831  -  -  Non-current liabilities  336,169  285,234  87  39  Loans and borrowings  18  13,961  8,512  -  -  Lease liabilities  20  409  425  207  197  Trade and other payables  22  129,536  49,734  49,704  36,240  Current liabilities  143,906  58,671  49,911  36,437  Total liabilities  480,075  343,905  49,998  36,476  Total equity and liabilities  668,558  543,160  147,148  126,782   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue:  Sale of crude oil  23  170,259  158,444  Service revenue  23  -  30  170,259  158,474  Cost of sales:  Cost of services  (780)  (742)  Production and operating expenses  (73,961)  (25,552)  Depletion of oil and gas properties  5  (28,252)  (36,238)  Exploration and evaluation expenditure  4  (27,510)  (14,613)  Gross profit  39,756  81,329  Administrative expenses  (28,567)  (29,114)  Other expenses  (3,444)  (1)  Other income  617  20,830  Results from operating activities  8,362  73,044  Finance income  24  744  728  Finance expense  24  (14,766)  (3,643)  Foreign currency exchange loss  (1,451)  (707)  Net finance expense  (15,473)  (3,622)  Share of profit of equity-accounted investees, net of tax  10  503  -  (Loss)/Profit before tax  25  (6,608)  69,422  Tax credit  26  6,961  9,517  Profit for the year, net of tax  353  78,939  Other comprehensive (loss)/income  Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:  Foreign currency translation differences from foreign operations, representing total  other comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax  (5,057)  1,033  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year, net of tax  (4,704)  79,972   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Profit attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (1,000)  67,157  Non-controlling interests  9  1,353  11,782  Profit for the year, net of tax  353  78,939  Total comprehensive (loss)/income attributable to:  Owners of the Company  (5,633)  68,225  Non-controlling interests  9  929  11,747  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  (4,704)  79,972  (Loss)/Earnings per share  Basic (loss)/earnings per share (cents)  27  (0.08)  5.16  Diluted (loss)/earnings per share (cents)  27  (0.08)  5.16   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Group  Note  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Merger  reserve  Capital  reserve  Share-  based  payment  reserve  Translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January 2021  257,677  (716)  4,129  1,630  967  913  (137,092)  127,508  12,718  140,226  Total comprehensive  income for the year  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  67,157  67,157  11,782  78,939  Other comprehensive  income  Foreign currency  translation differences,  representing total other  comprehensive income  -  -  -  -  -  1,068  -  1,068  (35)  1,033  Total comprehensive  income for the year  -  -  -  -  -  1,068  67,157  68,225  11,747  79,972  Transactions with  owners, recognised  directly in equity:  Contributions by and  distributions to  owners  Share-based payment  transactions -  employee share  option scheme and  performance share plan  17  -  -  -  -  212  -  -  212  7  219  Proceeds from issuance  of option agreements  27  -  -  -  550  -  -  -  550  -  550  Dividends paid to non-  controlling interests*  16  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (19,002)  (19,002)  Total contributions by  and distributions to  owners  -  -  -  550  212  -  -  762  (18,995)  (18,233)  Changes in ownership  interests in  subsidiaries  Acquisition of non-  controlling interests  without a change in  control, representing  total changes in  ownership interests in  subsidiaries  8  -  -  -  -  -  -  (10,132)  (10,132)  7,422  (2,710)  Total transactions with  owners  -  -  -  550  212  -  (10,132)  (9,370)  (11,573)  (20,943)  At 31 December 2021  257,677  (716)  4,129  2,180  1,179  1,981  (80,067)  186,363  12,892  199,255   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  In 2021, the Group's subsidiary in Oman declared and paid dividend amounting to US$19.002 million to non-controlling interests.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Attributable to owners of the Company  Group  Note  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Merger  reserve  Capital  reserve  Share-  based  payment  reserve  Translation  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  equity  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January 2022  257,677  (716)  4,129  2,180  1,179  1,981  (80,067)  186,363  12,892  199,255  Total comprehensive  loss for the year  Profit for the year  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,000)  (1,000)  1,353  353  Other comprehensive  loss  Foreign currency  translation differences,  representing total  other comprehensive  loss  -  -  -  -  -  (4,633)  -  (4,633)  (424)  (5,057)  Total comprehensive  loss for the year  -  -  -  -  -  (4,633)  (1,000)  (5,633)  929  (4,704)  Transactions with  owners, recognised  directly in equity:  Contributions by and  distributions to  owners  Share-based payment  transactions -  performance share  plan  17  -  -  -  -  357  -  -  357  -  357  Dividends paid  16  -  -  -  -  -  -  (4,541)  (4,541)  -  (4,541)  Dividends payable to non-  controlling interests*  16  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  (1,884)  (1,884)  Total transactions with  owners  -  -  -  -  357  -  (4,541)  (4,184)  (1,884)  (6,068)  At 31 December 2022  257,677  (716)  4,129  2,180  1,536  (2,652)  (85,608)  176,546  11,937  188,483   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

*  In 2022, the Group's subsidiary in Oman declared dividend amounting to US$1.88 million to non-controlling interests.

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Company  Note  Share  capital  Treasury  shares  Capital  reserve  Share-based  payment  reserve  Accumulated  losses  Total  equity  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January 2021  257,677  (716)  505  793  (154,759)  103,500  Loss for the year, representing  total comprehensive loss for  the year  -  -  -  -  (13,337)  (13,337)  Transactions with owners,  recognised directly in equity  Share-based payment  transactions - performance  share plan, representing total  transactions with shareholders  17  -  -  -  143  -  143  At 31 December 2021  257,677  (716)  505  936  (168,096)  90,306  At 1 January 2022  257,677  (716)  505  936  (168,096)  90,306  Profit for the year, representing  total comprehensive income  for the year  -  -  -  -  11,028  11,028  Transactions with owners,  recognised directly in equity  Share-based payment  transactions - performance  share plan  17  -  -  -  357  -  357  Dividends paid  16  -  -  -  -  (4,541)  (4,541)  Total transactions with  shareholders  -  -  -  357  (4,541)  (4,184)  At 31 December 2022  257,677  (716)  505  1,293  (161,609)  97,150   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  (Loss)/Profit before tax  (6,608)  69,422  Adjustments for:  Bargain purchase from acquisition of oil and gas properties  5, 25  -  (18,236)  Amortisation of intangible assets  6  850  850  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  7  853  752  Depletion of oil and gas properties  5  28,252  36,238  Expensed exploration and evaluation costs  4  -  9,733  Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets  4  24,285  1,018  Impairment loss on oil and gas properties  5  -  1,681  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  25  505  -  Net finance expense  14,022  2,915  Share of profit of equity-accounted investees, net of tax  (503)  -  Change in fair value of quoted investments  25  2,786  (603)  Gain on disposal of quoted investments  25  (615)  (122)  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions  17  357  219  64,184  103,867  Changes in:  - Inventories  6,433  (106)  - Trade and other receivables  25,294  (40,000)  - Trade and other payables  34,385  16,998  - Restricted bank deposits  (305)  (10,065)  Cash generated from operations  129,991  70,694  Tax receipts from exploration and evaluation activities in Norway  39,070  18,709  Net cash generated from operating activities  169,061  89,403  Cash flows from investing activities  Interest received  744  728  Acquisition of oil and gas licences  5  (54,821)  (40,961)  Additions to oil and gas properties  5  (56,299)  (10,539)  Exploration and evaluation expenditure  4  (24,522)  (22,204)  Investment in an associate  10  (2,000)  (1,000)  Purchase of quoted investments  (11,065)  (12,974)  Proceeds from disposal of quoted investments  11,649  13,165  Purchase of property, plant and equipment  7  (951)  (211)  Net cash used in investing activities  (137,265)  (73,996)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended 31 December 2022

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cash flows from financing activities  Interest paid  (8,125)  (3,024)  Dividends paid to owners of the Company  16  (4,541)  -  Dividends paid to non-controlling interests  16  -  (19,002)  Acquisition of non-controlling interests in a subsidiary  -  (2,710)  Payment for transaction costs related to loans and borrowings  (3,729)  (1,516)  Proceeds from issuance of option agreements  31  -  550  Net proceeds from issuance of bonds by a subsidiary  89,358  57,069  Repayment of bonds  (50,598)  -  Proceeds from bank loans  -  2,914  Repayment of bank loans  -  (20,730)  Repayment of lease liabilities  (443)  (412)  Net cash generated from financing activities  21,922  13,139  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  53,718  28,546  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year  50,538  20,375  Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash held  2,121  1,617  Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year  14  106,377  50,538   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

These notes form an integral part of the financial statements.

The financial statements were authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 23 March 2023.

## 1 DOMICILE AND ACTIVITIES

Rex  International  Holding  Limited  (' the  Company ')  is  incorporated  in  the  Republic  of  Singapore  and  has  its registered office at 80 Robinson Road, #02-00, Singapore 068898.

The financial statements of the Group as at and for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 comprise the Company and its subsidiaries (together referred to as ' the Group '  and  individually  as  ' Group entities ')  and  the Group's interest in equity-accounted investees.

The principal activities of the Company are those relating to investment holding. The principal activities of its subsidiaries are set out in Note 8 to the financial statements.

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION

## 2.1 Statement of compliance

The  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Singapore  Financial  Reporting  Standards (International) (' SFRS(I) ').  The changes to significant accounting policies are described in Note 2.5 to the financial statements.

## 2.2 Basis of measurement

The financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except as otherwise disclosed in the notes below.

## 2.3 Functional and presentation currency

These  financial  statements  are  presented  in  United  States  dollars  (' USD '),  which  is  the  Company's  functional currency. All financial information presented in USD has been rounded to the nearest thousand, unless otherwise stated.

## 2.4 Use of estimates and judgements

The preparation of the financial statements in conformity with SFRS(I)s requires management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised prospectively.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

## 2.4 Use of estimates and judgements (continued)

## (i) Critical judgements made in applying accounting policies

Information about critical judgements in applying accounting policies that have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the financial statements is discussed below.

## Business combinations

An acquisition of a business, which is determined as an integrated set of activities and assets that are capable of  being  conducted  and  managed  for  the  purpose  of  providing  a  return  directly  to  investors,  is  a  business combination.

Determining  whether  an  acquisition  meets  the  definition  of  a  business  combination  requires  judgement  to be  applied  on  a  case-by-case  basis.  Acquisitions  are  assessed  under  the  relevant  SFRS(I)  criteria  to  establish whether the transaction represents a business combination or an asset purchase. Depending on the specific facts, acquisitions of exploration and evaluation licences for which a development decision has not yet been made, have largely been concluded to represent asset purchases.

Acquisition accounting is subject to substantive judgement by the management. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The fair value of oil fields in production and development phase is normally based on discounted cash flow models, where the determination of inputs to the model may require significant judgement. The fair value of the assets or liabilities acquired at the date of acquisition are disclosed in Note 5 to the financial statements.

## Exploration and evaluation expenditures

The application of the Group's accounting policy for exploration and evaluation expenditure requires judgement to  determine  whether  it  is  likely  that  future  economic  benefits  are  likely  from  future  exploitation  or  sale,  or whether activities have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence of reserves. The  determination  of  reserves  and  resources  is  itself  an  estimation  process  that  requires  varying  degrees  of uncertainty depending on how the resources are classified. These estimates directly impact the point of deferral of exploration and evaluation expenditure.

The Group's accounting policy requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions as to future events and circumstances, in particular, whether an economically viable extraction operation can be established and  executed  successfully.  Any  such  estimates  and  assumptions  may  change  as  new  information  becomes available. If, after expenditure is capitalised, information becomes available suggesting that the recovery of the expenditure is unlikely, the relevant capitalised amount is written off in profit or loss in the period when the new information becomes available.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

## 2.4 Use of estimates and judgements (continued)

## (i) Critical judgements made in applying accounting policies (continued)

## Hydrocarbon reserves

Hydrocarbon  reserves  are  estimates  of  the  amount  of  oil  that  can  be  economically  and  legally  extracted  by the  Group  in  approved  fields.  For  the  purpose  of  estimating  reserves,  several  factors  are  considered,  among others,  such  as  geological,  technical  and  economic,  production  techniques,  recovery  rates,  production  costs, transportation  costs,  demand  and  prices  for  commodities  and  exchange  rates.  Estimating  the  quantity  and grade of reserves requires determining the size, shape and depth of the reservoirs or fields to be determined by  analysing  geological  data  and  drilling  samples.  This  process  may  require  interpreting  complex  and  making geological judgements. Because the economic assumptions change from period to period and the Group is still generating additional geological data during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change from period to period. Changes in reported reserves may affect the recovery of the carrying amount of oil properties due to changes in estimated future cash flows and the cost of depreciation recorded in profit or loss as it based on the units of production relative to the total proven and probable reserves.

## (ii) Key sources of estimation uncertainty

Information about assumptions and estimation uncertainties that have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are discussed below.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at each reporting date. Non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable.

When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit (' CGU ')  and  choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. Judgement and estimates are required in the determination of appropriate inputs to derive at forecasted cash flows and the discount rate. The carrying amounts of the Group's non-financial assets are disclosed in the following notes:

| •  Oil and gas properties  Note 5  •  Subsidiaries  Note 8   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

## Depletion of oil and gas properties

Oil and gas properties are mainly depleted on a unit of production basis at a rate calculated by reference to prove plus probable reserves and incorporating the estimated future cost of developing and extracting those reserves. Future development costs are estimated using assumptions as to the numbers of wells required to produce those reserves, the cost of the wells, future production facilities and operating costs; together with assumptions on oil and gas realisations based on the approved field development plans. The carrying amounts of the Group's oil and gas properties at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 5 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 2 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

## 2.4 Use of estimates and judgements (continued)

## (ii) Key sources of estimation uncertainty (continued)

## Amortisation of technology assets

Technology assets are amortised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. Management estimates the useful lives of these assets to be within 10 years. Changes in the expected level of usage and technological developments could impact the economic useful lives and the residual values of these assets, and therefore future amortisation expenses could be revised. The carrying amounts of these assets are disclosed in Note 6 to the financial statements.

## Provisions

Estimates of the Group's obligations arising from exploration drilling rehabilitation that exist as at the reporting date  may  be  affected  by  future  events  which  cannot  be  predicted  with  any  certainty.  The  assumptions  and best  estimates  in  determining  these  provisions  are  made  based  on  management's  judgement  and  experience and therefore, future exploration drilling rehabilitation obligations and expenses could be revised. The carrying amounts of the Group's provisions at the reporting date are disclosed in Note 19 to the financial statements.

## 2.5 Changes in accounting policies

## New standards and amendments

The Group has applied the following SFRS(I)s, amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I) for the first time for the annual period beginning on 1 January 2022:

- Amendment to SFRS(I) 3: Reference to the Conceptual Framework
- Amendment to SFRS(I) 16: Property, Plant and Equipment - Proceeds before Intended Use
- Amendment to SFRS(I) 1-37: Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
- Annual Improvements to SFRS(I)s 2018 - 2020

The application of these SFRS(I)s, amendments to standards and interpretations does not have a material effect on the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

The accounting policies set out below have been applied consistently to all periods presented in these financial statements,  and  have  been  applied  consistently  by  Group  entities,  except  as  explained  in  Note  2.5,  which addresses changes in accounting policies.

## 3.1 Basis of consolidation

## (i) Business combinations

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note (ii)). In determining whether a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

The  Group  has  an  option  to  apply  a  'concentration  test'  that  permits  a  simplified  assessment  of  whether  an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of  the  fair  value  of  the  gross  assets  acquired  is  concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.

The Group measures goodwill at the date of acquisition as:

- the consideration transferred (generally measured at fair value); plus
- the recognised amount of any non-controlling interests (' NCI ') in the acquiree; plus
- if  the  business combination is achieved in stages, the fair value of the pre-existing equity interest in the acquiree,

over the net recognised amount (generally fair value) of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Any goodwill that arises is tested annually for impairment.

When the excess in negative, a bargain purchase gain is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

The consideration transferred does not include amounts related to the settlement of pre-existing relationships. Such amounts are generally recognised in profit or loss.

Any contingent consideration payable is recognised at fair value at the date of acquisition and included in the consideration  transferred.  If  the  contingent  consideration  that  meets  the  definition  of  a  financial  instrument is  classified  as  equity,  it  is  not  remeasured  and  settlement  is  accounted  for  within  equity.  Otherwise,  other contingent consideration is remeasured at fair value at each reporting date and subsequent changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration are recognised in profit or loss.

NCI that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of the acquiree's net assets  in  the  event  of  liquidation  are  measured  either  at  fair  value  or  at  the  NCI's  proportionate  share  of  the recognised amounts of the acquiree's identifiable net assets, at the date of acquisition. The measurement basis taken is elected on a transaction-by-transaction basis. All other NCI are measured at acquisition-date fair value, unless another measurement basis is required by SFRS(I)s.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Basis of consolidation (continued)

## (i) Business combinations (continued)

Costs related to the acquisition, other than those associated with the issue of debt or equity investments, that the Group incurs in connection with a business combination are expensed as incurred.

Changes in the Group's interest in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity transactions.

## (ii) Subsidiaries

Subsidiaries  are  entities  controlled  by  the  Group.  The  Group  controls  an  entity  when  it  is  exposed  to,  or  has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its  power  over  the  entity.  The  financial  statements  of  subsidiaries  are  included  in  the  consolidated  financial statements from the date that control commences until the date that control ceases.

The  accounting  policies  of  subsidiaries  have  been  changed  when  necessary  to  align  them  with  the  policies adopted by the Group. Losses applicable to the NCI in a subsidiary are allocated to the NCI even if doing so causes the NCI to have a deficit balance.

## (iii) Acquisitions from entities under common control

Business combinations arising from transfers of interests in entities that are under the control of the shareholder that  controls  the  Group  are  accounted  for  as  if  the  acquisition  had  occurred  at  the  beginning  of  the  earliest comparative  year  presented  or,  if  later,  at  the  date  that  common  control  was  established;  for  this  purpose comparatives are restated. The assets and liabilities acquired are recognised at the carrying amounts recognised previously in the Group controlling shareholder's consolidated financial statements. The components of equity of the acquired entities are added to the same components within Group equity and any gain or loss arising is recognised directly in equity.

## (iv) Loss of control

When the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in the former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

## (v) Investments in equity-accounted investees

Associates are those entities in which the Group has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over the financial and operating policies of these entities. Significant influence is presumed to exist when the Group holds 20% or more of the voting power of another entity. A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has rights to the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.1 Basis of consolidation (continued)

## (v) Investments in equity-accounted investees (continued)

Investments in associates and joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method. They are recognised initially  at  cost,  which  includes  transaction  costs.  Subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  the  consolidated  financial statements  include  the  Group's  share  of  the  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive  income  (' OCI ')  of  equityaccounted investees, after adjustments to align the accounting policies with those of the Group, from the date that significant influence or joint control commences until the date that significant influence or joint control ceases.

When the Group's share of losses exceeds its investment in an equity-accounted investee, the carrying amount of  the  investment,  together  with  any  long-term  interests  that  form  part  thereof,  is  reduced  to  zero,  and  the recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has an obligation to fund the investee's operations or has made payments on behalf of the investee.

## (vi) Joint operations

A joint operation is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control whereby the Group has rights to the assets, and obligations for the liabilities, relating to an arrangement. The Group accounts for each of its assets, liabilities and transactions, including its share of those held or incurred jointly, in relation to the joint operation.

## (vii) Transactions eliminated on consolidation

Intra-group  balances  and  transactions,  and  any  unrealised  income  and  expenses  arising  from  intra-group transactions,  are  eliminated  in  preparing  the  consolidated  financial  statements.  Unrealised  gains  arising  from transactions with equity-accounted investees are eliminated against the investment to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

## (viii)  Subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures in the separate financial statements

Investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are stated in the Company's statement of financial position at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

## 3.2 Foreign currency

## (i) Foreign currency transactions

Transactions  in  foreign  currencies  are  translated  to  the  respective  functional  currencies  of  Group  entities  at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies at  the  reporting  date  are  translated  to  the  functional  currency  at  the  exchange  rate  at  that  date.  The  foreign currency gain or loss on monetary items is the difference between amortised cost in the functional currency at the beginning of the year, adjusted for effective interest and payments during the year, and the amortised cost in foreign currency translated at the exchange rate at the end of the year.

Non-monetary  assets  and  liabilities  denominated  in  foreign  currencies  that  are  measured  at  fair  value  are translated to the functional currency at the exchange rate at the date that the fair value was determined. Nonmonetary  items  in  a  foreign  currency  that  are  measured  in  terms  of  historical  cost  are  translated  using  the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency differences arising on translation are generally recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.2 Foreign currency (continued)

## (ii) Foreign operations

The  assets  and  liabilities  of  foreign  operations,  including  goodwill  and  fair  value  adjustments  arising  on acquisition, are translated to USD at exchange rates at the reporting date. The income and expenses of foreign operations are translated to USD at exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

Foreign  currency  differences  are  recognised  in  OCI,  and  presented  in  the  foreign  currency  translation  reserve (translation reserve) in equity. However, if the foreign operation is a non-wholly-owned subsidiary, then the relevant proportionate share of the translation difference is allocated to the NCI. When a foreign operation is disposed of such that control, significant influence or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the translation reserve related to that foreign operation is reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of only part of its interest in a subsidiary that includes a foreign operation while retaining control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of its investment in an associate or joint venture that includes a foreign operation while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative amount is reclassified to profit or loss.

When the settlement of a monetary item receivable from or payable to a foreign operation is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future, foreign exchange gains and losses arising from such a monetary item that are considered to form part of a net investment in a foreign operation are recognised in OCI, and are presented in the translation reserve in equity.

## 3.3 Exploration and evaluation assets

Exploration  and  evaluation  (' E&amp;E ')  activity  involves  the  search  for  oil  and  gas  resources,  the  determination  of technical  feasibility  and  the  assessment  of  the  commercial  viability  of  an  identified  resource.  Costs  incurred before the Group has obtained the legal rights to explore an area are recognised in profit or loss.

E&amp;E costs are capitalised in respect of each area of interest for which the rights to explore are current and where:

- the E&amp;E costs are expected to be recouped through successful development and exploitation of the area of interest, or alternatively, by its sale; or
- E&amp;E activities in the area of interest have not reached a stage which permits a reasonable assessment of the existence or otherwise of economically recoverable reserves; and active and significant operations in or in relation to the areas of interest are continuing.

E&amp;E assets comprise, among others, costs that are directly attributable to researching and analysing existing exploration  data,  gathering  exploration  data  through  topographical,  geochemical  and  geophysical  studies, exploratory drilling, trenching and sampling, determining and examining the volume and grade of the resource, examining  and  testing  extraction  and  treatment  methods,  surveying  transportation  and  infrastructure requirements, compiling pre-feasibility and feasibility studies and/or gaining access to areas of interest including occupancy and relocation compensation and other directly attributable costs of exploration and appraisal including technical and administrative costs.

General and administrative costs are allocated to, and included in, the cost of E&amp;E asset only to the extent that those costs can be related directly to operational activities in the area of interest to which the E&amp;E asset relates. In all other cases, these costs are expensed as incurred.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.3 Exploration and evaluation assets (continued)

E&amp;E assets are transferred to development costs, a component of E&amp;E assets, when the technical feasibility and commercial viability of extracting the resource are demonstrable and sanctioned by management.

E&amp;E assets are assessed for impairment when facts and circumstances suggest that the carrying amount of an exploration and evaluation asset may exceed its recoverable amount. Where a potential impairment is indicated, assessment is performed for each area of interest in conjunction with the group of operating assets (representing a  CGU)  to  which  the  E&amp;E  is  attributable.  To  the  extent  that  capitalised  E&amp;E  is  not  expected  to  be  recovered,  it is  charged to profit or loss. Partial or full reversals of impairments of such assets are recognised if there is an indication that a previously recognised impairment loss has reversed and the recoverable amount of the impaired asset has subsequently increased.

Accumulated costs in relation to an abandoned area are written off in full against profit or loss in the year in which the decision to abandon the area is made. When production commences, the accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are reclassified to 'oil and gas properties'.

A regular review is undertaken of each area of interest to determine the appropriateness of continuing to carry forward cost in relation to that area of interest.

Costs  of  site  restoration  are  provided  over  the  life  of  the  facility  from  when  exploration  commences  and  are included in the cost of that stage. Site restoration costs include the dismantling and removal of drilling facilities, equipment and building structures, waste removal, and rehabilitation of the site in accordance with clauses of the concession permits. Such costs have been determined using estimates of future costs, current legal requirements and technology on a discounted basis. Any changes to the estimates for the costs are accounted on a prospective basis.  In  determining  the  costs  of  site  restoration,  there  is  uncertainty  regarding  the  nature  and  extent  of  the restoration due to community expectations and future legislation. Accordingly, the costs have been determined on the basis that the restoration will be completed within one year of abandoning the concession site.

## 3.4 Oil and gas properties

Oil  and  gas  properties  arise  from  the  reclassification  of  E&amp;E  assets  once  commercial  viability  and  technical feasibility are established and production commenced.

Oil and gas properties are measured at cost less accumulated depletion and accumulated impairment losses. The accumulated costs for the relevant area of interest are depreciated using a unit-of-production method over proved and probable reserves. The unit-of-production rate for the accumulated costs takes into account expenditures incurred to date, together with estimated future capital expenditure expected to be incurred relating to as yet undeveloped and probable reserves expected to be processed through these common facilities.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.5 Property, plant and equipment

## (i) Recognition and measurement

Items of property, plant and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses.

Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset.

If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items (major components) of property, plant and equipment.

The gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.

## (ii) Subsequent costs

The  cost  of  replacing  a  component  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  is  recognised  in  the  carrying amount of the item if it is probable that the future economic benefits embodied within the component will flow to the Group, and its cost can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of the replaced component is derecognised. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of property, plant and equipment are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

## (iii) Depreciation

Depreciation  is  based  on  the  cost  of  an  asset  less  its  residual  value.  Significant  components  of  individual assets are assessed and if a component has a useful life that is different from the remainder of that asset, that component is depreciated separately.

Depreciation is recognised as an expense in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of each component of an item of property, plant and equipment, unless it is included in the carrying amount of another asset.

Depreciation is recognised from the date that the property, plant and equipment are installed and are ready for use, or in respect of internally constructed assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:

| Office lease  3 years  Plant and machinery  5 years  Furniture and fittings  5 to 10 years  Office equipment  5 years  Office computers  3 years   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Depreciation  methods,  useful  lives  and  residual  values  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and adjusted if appropriate.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.6 Intangible assets and goodwill

## (i) Goodwill

Goodwill that arises upon the acquisition of a business is included in intangible assets. For the measurement of goodwill at initial recognition, see Note 3.1(i).

Goodwill is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

## (ii) Other intangible assets

Other  intangible  assets  that  are  acquired  by  the  Group  and  have  finite  useful  lives  are  measured  at  cost  less accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment loss.

Subsequent  expenditure  is  capitalised  only  when  it  increases  the  future  economic  benefits  embodied  in  the specific asset to which it relates. All other expenditure is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Amortisation is calculated based on the cost of the asset, less its residual value. Amortisation is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, other than goodwill, from the date that they are available for use.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years are as follows:

| Technology  10 years  Customer contracts  10 years   |
|------------------------------------------------------|

Amortisation  methods,  useful  lives  and  residual  values  are  reviewed  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  and adjusted if appropriate.

## 3.7 Financial instruments

## (i) Recognition and initial measurement

## Non-derivative financial assets and financial liabilities

Trade receivables issued are initially recognised when they are originated. All other financial assets and financial liabilities are initially recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

A financial asset (unless it is a trade receivable without a significant financing component) or financial liability is  initially  measured at fair value plus, for an item not at fair value through profit or loss (' FVTPL '),  transaction costs that are directly attributable to its acquisition or issue. A trade receivable without a significant financing component is initially measured at the transaction price.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.7 Financial instruments (continued)

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

## Non-derivative financial assets

On  initial  recognition,  a  financial  asset  is  classified  as  measured  at:  amortised  cost;  fair  value  through  other comprehensive income (' FVOCI ') - equity investment; or FVTPL.

Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

## Financial assets at amortised cost

A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

- it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and
- its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

## Equity investments at FVOCI

On  initial  recognition  of  an  equity  investment  that  is  not  held-for-trading,  the  Group  may  irrevocably  elect  to present subsequent changes in the investment's fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-byinvestment basis.

## Financial assets at FVTPL

All  financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.  On  initial  recognition,  the  Group  may  irrevocably  designate  a  financial  asset  that  otherwise  meets  the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.7 Financial instruments (continued)

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)

## Financial assets: Business model assessment

The  Group  makes  an  assessment  of  the  objective  of  the  business  model  in  which  a  financial  asset  is  held at a portfolio level because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management. The information considered includes:

- the stated policies and objectives for the portfolio and the operation of those policies in practice. These include whether management's strategy focuses on earning contractual interest income, maintaining a particular interest rate profile, matching the duration of the financial assets to the duration of any related liabilities or expected cash outflows or realising cash flows through the sale of the assets;
- how the performance of the portfolio is evaluated and reported to the Group's management;
- the  risks  that  affect  the  performance  of  the  business  model  (and  the  financial  assets  held  within  that business model) and how those risks are managed;
- how managers of the business are compensated - e.g. whether compensation is based on the fair value of the assets managed or the contractual cash flows collected; and
- the frequency, volume and timing of sales of financial assets in prior periods, the reasons for such sales and expectations about future sales activity.

Transfers  of  financial  assets  to  third  parties  in  transactions  that  do  not  qualify  for  derecognition  are  not considered sales for this purpose, consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.

Financial assets that are held-for-trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are measured at FVTPL.

## Non-derivative  financial  assets:  Assessment  whether  contractual  cash  flows  are  solely payments of principal and interest

For  the  purposes  of  this  assessment,  'principal'  is  defined  as  the  fair  value  of  the  financial  asset  on  initial recognition. 'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this assessment, the Group considers:

- contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;
- terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable rate features;
- prepayment and extension features; and
- terms that limit the Group's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.7 Financial instruments (continued)

## (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement (continued)

## Non-derivative  financial  assets:  Assessment  whether  contractual  cash  flows  are  solely payments of principal and interest (continued)

A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at a significant discount or premium to its contractual par amount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is  treated  as  consistent with this criterion if the fair value of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.

## Non-derivative financial assets: Subsequent measurement and gains and losses

## Financial assets at FVTPL

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

## Financial assets at amortised cost

These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit or loss.

## Equity investments at FVOCI

These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.

## Non-derivative  financial  liabilities:  Classification,  subsequent  measurement  and  gains  and losses

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. Directly attributable transaction costs are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

Other  financial  liabilities  are  initially  measured  at  fair  value  less  directly  attributable  transaction  costs.  They are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.7 Financial instruments (continued)

## (iii) Derecognition

## Financial assets

The Group derecognises a financial asset when:

- the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or
- it transfers the rights to receive the contractual cash flows in a transaction in which either:
- -substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset are transferred; or
- -the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership and it does not retain control of the financial asset.

Transferred assets are not derecognised when the Group enters into transactions whereby it transfers assets recognised in its statements of financial position, but retains either all or substantially all of the risks and rewards of the transferred assets.

## Financial liabilities

The  Group  derecognises  a  financial  liability  when  its  contractual  obligations  are  discharged  or  cancelled,  or expire. The Group also derecognises a financial liability when its terms are modified and the cash flows of the modified liability are substantially different, in which case a new financial liability based on the modified terms is recognised at fair value.

On  derecognition  of  a  financial  liability,  the  difference  between  the  carrying  amount  extinguished  and  the consideration paid (including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities assumed) is recognised in profit or loss.

## (iv) Offsetting

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount presented in the statements of financial position when, and only when, the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the amounts and it intends either to settle them on a net basis or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

## (v) Cash and cash equivalents

Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash balances and short-term fixed deposits with maturities of three months or less from the date of acquisition that are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in their fair value, and are used by the Group in the management of its short-term commitments.

## (vi) Share capital

## Ordinary shares

Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are recognised as a deduction from equity. Income tax relating to transaction costs of an equity transaction is accounted for in accordance with SFRS(1) 1-12.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.7 Financial instruments (continued)

## (vi) Share capital (continued)

## Repurchase, disposal and reissue of share capital (treasury shares)

When share capital recognised as equity is repurchased, the amount of the consideration paid, which includes directly attributable costs, net of any tax effects, is recognised as a deduction from equity. Repurchased shares are classified as treasury shares and are presented in the reserve for own share account. When treasury shares are sold or reissued subsequently, the amount received is recognised as an increase in equity, and the resulting surplus or deficit on the transaction is presented in non-distributable capital reserve.

## (vii) Intra-group financial guarantees in the separate financial statements

Intra-group financial guarantees are accounted for in the Company's financial statements as insurance contracts. A provision is recognised based on the Company's estimate of the ultimate cost of settling all claims incurred but unpaid at the reporting date. The provision is assessed by reviewing individual claims and tested for adequacy by comparing the amount recognised and the amount that would be required to settle the guarantee contract.

## 3.8 Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

## As a lessee

At  commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand-alone prices. However, for the leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non-lease components and account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component.

The Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

The  right-of-use  asset  is  subsequently  depreciated  using  the  straight-line  method  from  the  commencement date to the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost of the right-of-use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the right-of-use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is  determined  on  the  same  basis  as  those  of  property  and  equipment.  In  addition,  the  right-of-use  asset  is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any, and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.

The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.8 Leases (continued)

## As a lessee (continued)

The  lease  liability  is  initially  measured  at  the  present  value  of  the  lease  payments  that  are  not  paid  at  the commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

- fixed payments, including in-substance fixed payments;
- variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the commencement date;
- amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and
- the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in  an  optional  renewal  period  if  the  Group  is  reasonably  certain  to  exercise  an  extension  option,  and penalties for early termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

The  lease  liability  is  measured  at  amortised  cost  using  the  effective  interest  method.  It  is  remeasured  when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group's estimate of the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised insubstance fixed lease payment.

When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

The Group presents right-of-use assets in 'property, plant and equipment' and lease liabilities in the statements of financial position.

## Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low-value assets and short-term leases. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## 3.9 Inventories

Inventories of spare parts are valued at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price, less the estimated selling expenses.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.10 Impairment

## (i) Non-derivative financial assets

The  Group  recognises  loss  allowances  for  expected  credit  losses  (' ECLs ')  on  financial  assets  measured  at amortised cost.

Loss allowances of the Group are measured on either of the following bases:

- 12-month ECLs: these are ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12 months after the reporting date (or for shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than 12 months); or
- Lifetime  ECLs:  these  are  ECLs  that  result  from  all  possible  default  events  over  the  expected  life  of  a financial instrument or contract assets.

## Simplified approach

The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for ECLs for all trade receivables. The simplified approach requires the loss allowance to be measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

## General approach

The Group applies the general approach to provide for ECLs on all other financial instruments. Under the general approach, the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs at initial recognition.

At  each  reporting  date,  the  Group  assesses  whether  the  credit  risk  of  a  financial  instrument  has  increased significantly since initial recognition. When credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and  when  estimating  ECLs,  the  Group  considers  reasonable  and  supportable  information  that  is  relevant  and available without undue cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based  on  the  Group's  historical  experience  and  informed  credit  assessment  and  includes  forward-looking information.

If  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  or  if  the  credit  quality  of  the  financial instruments improve such that there is no longer a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs.

The Group assumes that the credit risk on a financial asset has increased significantly if it is more than 90 days past due.

The Group considers a financial asset to be in default when:

- the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if any is held); or
- the financial asset is more than 90 days past due.

The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.10 Impairment (continued)

## (i) Non-derivative financial assets (continued)

## Measurement of ECLs

ECLs are probability-weighted estimates or credit losses. Credit losses are measured at the present value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive). ECLs are discounted at the effective interest rate of the financial asset.

## Credit-impaired financial assets

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

- significant financial difficulty of the debtor;
- breach of contract such as a default or being more than 90 days past due;
- the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;
- it is probable that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or
- the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

## Presentation of allowance for ECLs in the statements of financial position

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of these assets.

## Write-off

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the writeoff. However, financial assets that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

## (ii) Non-financial assets

The carrying amounts of the Group's non-financial assets, other than inventories, are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. For goodwill, and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives or that are not yet available for use, the recoverable amount is estimated each year at the same time. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or its related CGU exceeds its estimated recoverable amount.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.10 Impairment (continued)

## (ii) Non-financial assets (continued)

The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal. In  assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For the purpose of impairment testing, assets that cannot be tested individually are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of  the  cash  inflows  of  other  assets  or  CGUs.  Subject  to  an  operating  segment  ceiling  test,  for  the  purposes  of goodwill impairment testing, CGUs to which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

The  Group's  corporate  assets  do  not  generate  separate  cash  inflows  and  are  utilised  by  more  than  one  CGU. Corporate assets are allocated to CGUs on a reasonable and consistent basis and tested for impairment as part of the testing of the CGU to which the corporate asset is allocated.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first  to  reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An  impairment  loss  in  respect  of  goodwill  is  not  reversed.  In  respect  of  other  assets,  impairment  losses recognised in prior periods are assessed at each reporting date for any indications that the loss has decreased or no longer exists. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount. An impairment loss is reversed only to the extent that the asset's carrying amount does not  exceed  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined,  net  of  depreciation  or  amortisation,  if  no impairment loss had been recognised.

An impairment loss in respect of an associate or joint venture is measured by comparing the recoverable amount of  the  investment  with  its  carrying  amount  in  accordance  with  the  requirements  for  non-financial  assets.  An impairment loss is recognised in profit or loss. An impairment loss is reversed if there has been a favourable change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount and only to the extent that the recoverable amount increases.

Goodwill that forms part of the carrying amount of an investment in an associate is not recognised separately, and therefore is not tested for impairment separately. Instead, the entire amount of the investment in an associate is tested for impairment as a single asset when there is objective evidence that the investment in an associate may be impaired.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.11 Employee benefits

## (i) Defined contribution plans

A  defined  contribution  plan  is  a  post-employment  benefit  plan  under  which  an  entity  pays  fixed  contributions into  a  separate entity and will have no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined contribution pension plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related services are rendered by employees.

## (ii) Short-term employee benefits

Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

## (iii) Share-based payment transactions

The Group operates an equity-settled, shared-based compensation plan. The grant date fair value of equity-settled share-based payment awards granted to employees is recognised as an employee expense, with a corresponding increase in equity, over the period that the employees unconditionally become entitled to the awards. The amount recognised as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service and nonmarket performance conditions are expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised as an expense is  based on the number of awards that meet the related service and non-market performance conditions at the vesting date. For share-based payment awards with non-vesting conditions, the grant date fair value of the sharebased payment is measured to reflect such conditions and there is no true-up for differences between expected and actual outcomes.

## 3.12 Provisions

A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance expense.

## 3.13 Revenue

Revenue from sale of crude oil and services in the ordinary course of business is recognised when the Group satisfies a performance obligation (' PO ') by transferring control of a promised good or service to the customer. The amount of revenue recognised is the amount of the transaction price allocated to the satisfied PO.

The  transaction  price  is  allocated  to  each  PO  in  the  contract  on  the  basis  of  the  relative  stand-alone  selling prices of the promised goods or services. The individual standalone selling price of a good or service that has not previously been sold on a stand-alone basis, or has a highly variable selling price, is determined based on the residual portion of the transaction price after allocating the transaction price to goods and/or services with observable stand-alone selling prices. A discount or variable consideration is allocated to one or more, but not all, of the performance obligations if it relates specifically to those POs.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.13 Revenue (continued)

Transaction price is the amount of consideration in the contract to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised goods or services. The transaction price may be fixed or variable and is adjusted for time value of money if the contract includes a significant financing component. Consideration payable to a customer is deducted from the transaction price if the Group does not receive a separate identifiable benefit from the customer. When consideration is variable, the estimated amount is included in the transaction price to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal of the cumulative revenue will not occur when the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is resolved.

Revenue may be recognised at a point in time or over time following the timing of satisfaction of the PO. If a PO is satisfied over time, revenue is recognised based on the percentage of completion reflecting the progress towards complete satisfaction of that PO.

## 3.14 Finance income and finance expense

The Group's finance income and finance expense include:

- interest income;
- interest expense;
- the net gain or loss on financial assets at FVTPL;
- the bank charges, which are inclusive of cash management and processing fees;
- the unwinding of discount on decommissioning receivables and provision; and
- the foreign currency gain or loss on financial assets and financial liabilities.

Interest income or expense is recognised using the effective interest method. The 'effective interest rate' is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial instrument to:

- the gross carrying amount of the financial asset; or
- the amortised cost of the financial liability.

In calculating interest income and expense, the effective interest rate is applied to the gross carrying amount of the asset (when the asset is not credit-impaired) or to the amortised cost of the liability. However, for financial assets  that  have  become  credit-impaired  subsequent  to  initial  recognition,  interest  income  is  calculated  by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost of the financial asset. If the asset is no longer creditimpaired, then the calculation of interest income reverts to the gross basis.

Borrowing costs that are not directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of a qualifying asset are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.15 Tax

Tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Current tax and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

The Group has determined that interest and penalties related to income taxes, including uncertain tax treatments, do  not  meet  the  definition  of  income  taxes,  and  therefore  accounted  for  them  under  SFRS(I)  1-37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets.

Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. The amount of current tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that reflects uncertainty related to income taxes, if any. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

Deferred  tax  is  recognised  in  respect  of  temporary  differences  between  the  carrying  amounts  of  assets  and liabilities  for  financial  reporting  purposes  and  the  amounts  used  for  taxation  purposes.  Deferred  tax  is  not recognised for:

- temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss;
- temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint arrangements to the extent that the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that they will not reverse in the foreseeable future; and
- taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.

Temporary differences in relation to a right-of-use asset and a lease liability for a specific lease are regarded as a net package (the lease) for the purpose of recognising deferred tax.

The measurement of deferred taxes reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and assets, and they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities, but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised simultaneously.

Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered, based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.15 Tax (continued)

Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at each reporting date and recognised to the extent that it has become probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be used.

The Group is subjected to the Norwegian oil taxation regime. Oil production and exploration companies operating on the Norwegian Continental Shelf could claim deduction on investments in offshore exploration and productions assets immediately when the costs are incurred under special petroleum tax at the tax rate of 71.8%. For the tax losses calculated under special petroleum tax, it will be paid out as part of the ordinary yearly tax settlement in December the following year. The calculated tax receivables are based on judgments and understanding by the Group regarding items allowable for tax deduction, and the view may differ from the Norwegian tax authorities' practice in the final tax settlement.

## 3.16 Earnings per share

The Group presents basic and diluted earnings per share (' EPS ') data for its ordinary shares. Basic EPS is calculated by  dividing  the  profit  or  loss  attributable  to  ordinary  shareholders  of  the  Company  by  the  weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, adjusted for own shares held. Diluted EPS is determined by adjusting the profit or loss attributable to ordinary shareholders and the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding, adjusted for own shares held, for the effects of all dilutive potential ordinary shares, which comprise share options and awards granted to employees.

## 3.17 Segment reporting

An operating segment is a component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, including revenues and expenses that relate to transactions with any of the Group's other  components.  All  operating  segments'  operating  results  are  reviewed  regularly  by  the  Group's  Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and to assess its performance, and for which discrete financial information is available.

Segment results that are reported to the Group's CEO include items directly attributable to a segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Unallocated items comprise mainly corporate assets (primarily the Company's headquarters), head office expenses, and tax assets and liabilities.

Segment capital expenditure is the total cost incurred during the year to acquire property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets other than goodwill.

## 3.18 New standards and interpretations not adopted

A  number  of  new  standards,  interpretations  and  amendments  to  standards  are  effective  for  annual  periods beginning after 1 January 2022 and earlier application is permitted; however, the Group has not early adopted the new or amended standards and interpretations in preparing these financial statements.

The following new SFRS(I)s, amendments to and interpretations of SFRS(I)s are not expected to have a significant impact on the Group's consolidated financial statements and the Company's statement of financial position.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 3 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

## 3.18 New standards and interpretations not adopted (continued)

Applicable to 2023 financial statements

- SFRS(I) 17 Insurance Contracts and amendments to SFRS(I) 17 Insurance Contracts
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-1 and SFRS(I) Practice Statement 2 Disclosure of Accounting Policies
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-8 Definition of Accounting Estimates
- Amendments to SFRS(I) 1-12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

Mandatory effective date deferred

- Amendments to SFRS(I) 10 and SFRS(I) 1-28 Sale or Contribution of  Assets  between  an  Investor  and  its Associate or Joint Venture

## 4 EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION ASSETS

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cost  At 1 January  75,035  65,751  Additions  24,522  22,204  Expensed to profit or loss  -  (9,733)  Translation differences  (11,221)  (3,187)  At 31 December  88,336  75,035  Accumulated amortisation and impairment loss  At 1 January  34,389  35,375  Impairment of capitalised exploration expenditure  24,285  1,018  Translation differences  (7,194)  (2,004)  At 31 December  51,480  34,389  Carrying amounts  36,856  40,646   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Exploration and evaluation costs incurred were in respect of exploration and evaluation of hydrocarbons in Norway and Oman and Malaysia.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 4 EXPLORATION AND EVALUATION ASSETS (CONTINUED)

The  table  below  shows  the  exploration  and  evaluation  expenditure  included  in  the  consolidated  statement  of comprehensive income:

| Group  Note  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Exploration and evaluation expenditure includes:  Expensed to profit or loss for capitalised exploration expenditure  25  -  9,733  Impairment of exploration expenditure previously capitalised  25  24,285  1,018  Impairment of oil and gas properties previously capitalised  5, 25  -  1,681  Other exploration costs  3,225  2,181  27,510  14,613   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Impairment assessment

In  2022,  the  Group  recognised  total  impairment  loss  of  US$24,285,000  (2021:  US$1,018,000)  with  respect  to exploration and evaluation assets in Norway as a result of the relinquishment of licences. Based on the approved budgets  and  plans  for  exploratory  activities,  no  other  impairment  of  exploration  and  evaluation  assets  was required as at reporting date.

## 5 OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cost  At 1 January  196,675  98,000  Additions  56,299  10,539  Acquisition  55,008  82,584  Change in decommissioning provision  5,490  5,728  Adjustments  (350)  (176)  Translation differences  (9,284)  -  At 31 December  303,838  196,675  Accumulated depletion and impairment loss  At 1 January  59,653  21,734  Depletion  28,252  36,238  Impairment of oil and gas properties previously capitalised  -  1,681  Translation differences  (409)  -  At 31 December  87,496  59,653  Carrying amounts as at 31 December  216,342  137,022   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## Impairment assessment

For the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the management had performed impairment assessment over the Group's oil and gas properties and concluded that there is no indicator of impairment.

In  2021, the Group recognised total impairment loss of US$1,681,000 with respect to oil and gas properties in Oman as these assets are no longer in use.

## Financial year ended 31 December 2022

## Acquisition of Yme Field

On  10  August  2022,  Lime  Petroleum  AS  (' LPA '),  a  subsidiary  of  the  Group,  entered  into  a  conditional  sale  and purchase agreement with KUFPEC Norway AS (' KUFPEC '),  to  acquire  KUFPEC's  10%  interest  in  the  Yme  Field  on the Norwegian North Sea, for a post-tax consideration of US$68.053 million (the ' Acquisition ').  The  Yme Field is operated by Repsol Norge AS. The Acquisition further strengthens LPA's position as a full-fledged exploration and production player in  the  Norwegian  Continental  Shelf,  following  its  acquisition  of  an  33.8434%  interest  in  the producing Brage Field in 2021.

The Yme Field is located in PL 316 and PL 316B on the Norwegian Continental Shelf. According to the Norwegian Petroleum Directorate, Yme is a field in the south-eastern part of the Norwegian sector of the North Sea, 130 kilometres northeast of the Ula field.

The acquisition date of the Yme Field was 31 December 2022. The transaction has been determined to constitute a business combination and has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting as required by SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations.

Details of the consideration paid, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the effects on the cash flows of the Group, at the acquisition date, were as follows:

## (a) Consideration transferred

The  following  table  summarises  the  acquisition-date  fair  value  of  each  major  class  of  consideration transferred:

| US$'000  Cash  54,821  Deferred consideration*  29,512  Total consideration transferred  84,333   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* The deferred consideration of US$29.51 million was subsequently settled on 3 February 2023.

## (b) Acquisition-related costs

The  Group  incurred  acquisition-related  costs  of  US$219,000.  These  costs  have  been  included  in 'Administrative expenses'.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

## Acquisition of Yme Field (continued)

## (c) Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed

The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of the acquisition.

| Note  US$'000  Oil and gas properties  5  55,008  Trade and other receivables  21,111  Inventories  12  8,888  Deferred tax assets  21  1,526  Provisions  19  (22,520)  Trade and other payables  (11,589)  Total net identifiable assets  52,424   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Measurement of fair values

Management primarily  used  a  discounted  cash  flow  model  (net  present  value  of  expected  future  cash flows) to determine the fair value of the oil and gas properties. The model incorporated expected future cash flows based on estimates of projected revenues, production costs and capital expenditures as at the acquisition date. The cash flows were estimated using post-tax basis in accordance with the industry practice where acquisition of licences on Norwegian continental shelf without grossing up the value with a tax amortisation benefit.

The trade and other receivables comprise gross contractual amounts due of US$21,111,000, of which none are expected to be uncollectible at the date of the acquisition.

## (e) Fair values measured on a provisional basis

A preliminary purchase price allocation (' PPA ')  has  been performed and all identified assets and liabilities have been measured at their acquisition date fair values in accordance with the requirements of SFRS(I) 3.

The final PPA will be completed within 12 months from the acquisition date. If new information obtained within  one  year  from  the  date  of  acquisition  about  fact  and  circumstances  that  existed  at  the  date  of acquisition identified adjustments to the above amounts, or any additional provisions that existed at the date of acquisition, then the accounting for the acquisition will be revised.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2022 (continued)

## Acquisition of Yme Field (continued)

## (f) Goodwill

Goodwill arising from the acquisition has been recognised as follows:

| US$'000  Cash consideration transferred  84,333  Provisional fair value of identifiable net assets  (52,424)  Goodwill (Note 6)  31,909   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (g) Revenue and profit contribution

Since the acquisition date was on the 31 December 2022, Yme Field did not contribute any revenue to the Group's results during the year. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022, management estimated that the Group's consolidated revenue would have increased by US$30,338,000, and consolidated profit for the year would have decreased by US$2,545,000. In determining these amounts, management assumed that the fair value adjustments, determined provisionally, that arose on the date of the acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2022.

## Financial year ended 31 December 2021

## Acquisition of Brage Field

On 15 June 2021, Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA '), a subsidiary, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Repsol Norge AS (' Repsol '), to acquire Repsol's 33.8434% interests in the oil, gas and natural gas liquids (' NGL ') producing Brage Field (as defined herein) and five licences on the Norwegian Continental Shelf over which the Brage Field straddles  (the  ' Target  Assets '),  for  a  post-tax  consideration  of  US$40.96  million.  The  acquisition  fulfils  LPA's ambition to pivot from solely oil exploration, to exploration and production in the Norwegian Continental Shelf in the near term, and to establish recurring cash flow, as well as develop and drive further value in LPA's portfolio of several discovery licences.

The Target Assets are Repsol's 33.8434% interests in a joint venture for oil, gas and NGL production and operation of the Brage Field in blocks 31/4, 31/7 and 30/6 (the ' Brage Field ') and the five licences (PL 053B, PL 055, PL 055B, PL 055D and PL 185) over which the Brage Field straddles.

Separately, Repsol had agreed to pay to (or on behalf of) LPA, a Brage decommissioning carry limited to 95% of decommissioning costs for the current Brage Field infrastructure (the ' Brage Decommissioning Carry ').  The Brage Decommissioning Carry is guaranteed by Repsol Exploración S.A., the parent company of Repsol, with a guarantee granted in LPA's favour on completion of the acquisition. Most of the decommissioning is expected to occur after the expiration of the licences' validity. At the end of Brage Field's production life, LPA will pay an effective 1.69% of the total estimated decommissioning costs for the current Brage Field infrastructure, in respect of its 33.8434% interest in the Brage Field.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

## Acquisition of Brage Field (continued)

The  acquisition  of  the  Brage  Field  was  completed  on  31  December  2021.  The  transaction  was  determined  to constitute a business combination and was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting as required by SFRS(I) 3 Business Combinations.

Details of the consideration paid, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, and the effects on the cash flows of the Group, at the acquisition date, were as follows:

- (a) Consideration transferred

The total cash consideration paid was US$40.96 million, included in cash flows from investing activities.

- (b) Acquisition-related costs

The Group incurred acquisition-related costs of US$300,000. These costs were included in 'Administrative expenses'.

- (c) Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed

The following table summarises the recognised amounts of assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition.

| Note  US$'000  Oil and gas properties  5  82,584  Other receivables - non-current  167,193  Trade and other receivables - current  17,486  Inventories  12  11,173  Deferred tax liabilities  21  (18,482)  Provisions  19  (190,077)  Trade and other payables - current  (10,680)  Total net identifiable assets  59,197   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (d) Measurement of fair values

Management primarily  used  a  discounted  cash  flow  model  (net  present  value  of  expected  future  cash flows) to determine the fair value of the oil and gas properties. The model incorporated expected future cash flows based on estimates of projected revenues, production costs and capital expenditures as at the acquisition date. The cash flows were estimated using post-tax basis in accordance with the industry practice where acquisition of licences on Norwegian continental shelf without grossing up the value with a tax amortisation benefit.

The trade and other receivables (both current and non-current) comprise gross contractual amounts due of US$195,902,000, of which none were expected to be uncollectible at the date of acquisition.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 5 OIL AND GAS PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

## Financial year ended 31 December 2021 (continued)

## Acquisition of Brage Field (continued)

## (e) Fair values measured on a provisional basis

A preliminary purchase price allocation (' PPA ')  was performed and all identified assets and liabilities had been measured at their acquisition date fair values in accordance with the requirements of SFRS(I) 3.

If new information obtained within one year from the date of acquisition about fact and circumstances that existed at the date of acquisition identified adjustments to the above amounts, or any additional provisions that existed at the date of acquisition, then the accounting for the acquisition will be revised.

In 2022, the PPA was finalised and did not result in any material adjustments to the provisional values.

## (f) Gain from bargain purchase

Gain from bargain purchase arising from the acquisition was recognised as follows:

| US$'000  Total consideration transferred  40,961  Provisional fair value of identifiable net assets  (59,197)  Provisional gain from bargain purchase  (18,236)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A gain from bargain purchase from the acquisition of Brage field was recorded in 'other income' (Note 25). The gain arose from a favourable movement in the oil market as compared to the market outlook at the date that the sales and purchase agreement was entered into.

## (g) Revenue and profit contribution

Since the acquisition date was on the 31 December 2021, Brage Field did not contribute any revenue to the Group's results during the year. If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021, management estimated that the Group's consolidated revenue would have increased by US$76,544,000, and consolidated profit for the year would have increased by US$32,652,000. In determining these amounts, management assumed that the fair value adjustments, determined provisionally, that arose on the date of acquisition would have been the same if the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 6 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Group  Goodwill  Technology  Customer  Contracts  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021 and 31 December 2021  -  4,700  3,800  8,500  Acquisitions - business combinations (Note 5)  31,909  -  -  31,909  At 31 December 2022  31,909  4,700  3,800  40,409  Accumulated amortisation  At 1 January 2021  -  2,839  2,296  5,135  Amortisation  -  470  380  850  At 31 December 2021  -  3,309  2,676  5,985  Amortisation  -  470  380  850  At 31 December 2022  -  3,779  3,056  6,835  Carrying amounts  At 1 January 2021  -  1,861  1,504  3,365  At 31 December 2021  -  1,391  1,124  2,515  At 31 December 2022  31,909  921  744  33,574   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Amortisation

The amortisation of technology and customer contracts is included in 'Administrative expenses'.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Group  Office  leases  Plant and  machinery  Furniture  and fittings  Office  equipment  Office  computers  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  1,792  1,079  240  352  325  3,788  Additions  -  -  -  8  203  211  Reclassifications  (46)  -  (34)  92  (23)  (11)  Translation differences  (22)  -  (4)  (9)  -  (35)  At 31 December 2021  1,724  1,079  202  443  505  3,953  Additions  1,155  815  66  36  34  2,106  Disposals  (637)  (973)  -  (3)  (1)  (1,614)  Translation differences  (75)  -  (11)  (44)  -  (130)  At 31 December 2022  2,167  921  257  432  538  4,315  Accumulated depreciation  At 1 January 2021  819  188  192  248  181  1,628  Depreciation  412  216  9  42  73  752  Reclassifications  (46)  -  (31)  76  (10)  (11)  Translation differences  (13)  -  (4)  (8)  -  (25)  At 31 December 2021  1,172  404  166  358  244  2,344  Depreciation  462  214  13  42  122  853  Disposals  (503)  (467)  (1)  (3)  (1)  (975)  Translation differences  (37)  -  (8)  (36)  -  (81)  At 31 December 2022  1,094  151  170  361  365  2,141  Carrying amounts  At 1 January 2021  973  891  48  104  144  2,160  At 31 December 2021  552  675  36  85  261  1,609  At 31 December 2022  1,073  770  87  71  173  2,174   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 7 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

| Company  Office leases  Furniture  and fittings  Office  computers  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cost  At 1 January 2021  758  26  164  948  Additions  -  -  4  4  At 31 December 2021  758  26  168  952  Additions  357  -  -  357  At 31 December 2022  1,115  26  168  1,309  Accumulated depreciation and impairment loss  At 1 January 2021  333  26  145  504  Depreciation  194  -  10  204  At 31 December 2021  527  26  155  708  Depreciation  253  -  10  263  At 31 December 2022  780  26  165  971  Carrying amounts  At 1 January 2021  425  -  19  444  At 31 December 2021  231  -  13  244  At 31 December 2022  335  -  3  338   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 8 SUBSIDIARIES

| Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Equity investments, at cost  793  793  Loans to a subsidiary, at amortised cost  116,000  116,000  Less: Impairment losses  (24,172)  (24,172)  92,621  92,621   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The loans to a subsidiary are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment. The settlement of the loans is neither planned nor likely to occur in the foreseeable future and hence the loans are classified as noncurrent.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 8 SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

The details of significant subsidiaries are as follows:

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  incorporation  Principal activity  Effective equity interest  held by the Group  2022  2021  %  %  Rex International Investments  Pte Ltd ('  RII  ')  (a)  Singapore  Investment holding  100  100  Rex Technology Investments  Pte Ltd ('  RTI  ')  (b)  Singapore  Oil exploration technology  100  100  Lime Petroleum AS ('  LPA  ')  (c)  Norway  Oil and gas exploration  91.65  91.65  Masirah Oil Ltd ('  MOL  ')  (d)  British Virgin Islands  Oil and gas exploration  91.81  91.81  Pantai Rhu Energy Sdn Bhd  (e)  Malaysia  Oil and gas exploration  100  100   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (a) Incorporated on 13 March 2013. Audited by KPMG LLP, Singapore.
- (b) Incorporated on 6 July 2017. Audited by KPMG LLP, Singapore.
- (c) Acquired on 10 December 2015. Audited by other member firms of KPMG International. In 2021, the Group subscribed to an additional 1.65% interest in LPA, increasing its ownership from 90.00% to 91.65% (Note 9).
- (d) Acquired on 12 November 2015. Audited by other member firms of KPMG International. In 2021, the Group acquired an additional 5.43% interest in MOL, increasing its ownership interest from 86.37% to 91.81% (Note 9).
- (e) Incorporated on 27 August 2021. Audited by other member firms of KPMG International.

KPMG  LLP  is  the  auditor  of  all  significant  Singapore-incorporated  subsidiaries.  Other  member  firms  of  KPMG International  are  auditors  of  significant  foreign-incorporated  subsidiaries.  For  this  purpose,  a  subsidiary  is considered significant as defined under the Singapore Exchange Limited Listing Manual if its net tangible assets represent 20% or more of the Group's consolidated net tangible assets, or if its pre-tax profits account for 20% or more of the Group's consolidated pre-tax profits.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

The following subsidiaries have non-controlling interests (' NCI ') that are material to the Group:

| Name of subsidiary  Country of  incorporation  Operating segment  Ownership interest held  by NCI  2022  2021  %  %  Lime Petroleum AS ('  LPA  ')  Norway  Oil and Gas  8.35  8.35  Masirah Oil Ltd ('  MOL  ')  British Virgin Islands  Oil and Gas  8.19  8.19   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  2021,  the  Group  subscribed  to  an  additional  1.65%  interest  in  LPA,  increasing  its  ownership  from  90.00% to  91.65%.  The  Group  also  acquired  an  additional  5.43%  interest  in  MOL,  increasing  its  ownership  interest from 86.37% to 91.81%. Included in the 5.43% interest acquired is 1.79%, which was previously held by certain controlling shareholders of the Company.

The Group considers these capital injections to be in the interest of and beneficial to the Group as it will allow the Group to have greater control over the day-to-day operations of LPA and MOL and pursue their exploration and production activities.

As  a  result,  the  Group  recognised  an  increase  in  NCI  of  US$7,422,000  and  a  decrease  in  retained  earnings  of US$10,132,000, and consequently a decrease of US$10,132,000 in the equity attributable to owners of the Group in 2021.

The following summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries are prepared in accordance with SFRS(I), modified for fair value adjustments on acquisition and differences in the Group's accounting policies.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)

| LPA  MOL  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2022  Revenue  98,616  71,643  170,259  Profit/(Loss) for the year  (8,988)  25,648  16,660  Other comprehensive income  (5,059)  -  (5,059)  Total comprehensive income  (14,047)  25,648  11,601  Attributable to NCI:  - Profit/(Loss)  (750)  2,103  1,353  - Other comprehensive income  (424)  -  (424)  -  Total comprehensive income  (1,174)  2,103  929  Non-current assets  347,243  75,094  Current assets  146,755  62,059  Non-current liabilities  (343,174)  (8,390)  Current liabilities  (112,544)  (22,050)  Net assets  38,280  106,713  Net assets attributable to NCI  3,195  8,742  11,937  Cash flows generated from operating activities  103,593  62,067  Cash flows used in investing activities  (110,913)  (28,667)  Cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities (dividends to  NCI: US$1,884,000)  33,748  (21,595)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  26,428  11,805   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 9 NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (CONTINUED)

| LPA  MOL  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2021  Revenue  -  158,444  158,444  Profit for the year  13,463  76,563  90,026  Other comprehensive income  (350)  -  (350)  Total comprehensive income  13,113  76,563  89,676  Attributable to NCI:  -  Profit  1,346  10,436  11,782  -  Other comprehensive income  (35)  -  (35)  -  Total comprehensive income  1,311  10,436  11,747  Non-current assets  290,398  57,463  Current assets  84,257  70,511  Non-current liabilities  (288,727)  (7,069)  Current liabilities  (33,601)  (16,841)  Net assets  52,327  104,064  Net assets attributable to NCI  4,369  8,523  12,892  Cash flows generated from operating activities  57,351  102,139  Cash flows used in investing activities  (99,822)  (24,623)  Cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities (dividends to  NCI: US$19,002,000)  66,693  (67,097)  Net increase in cash and cash equivalents  24,222  10,419   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 10 ASSOCIATE AND JOINTLY CONTROLLED ENTITIES

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Interests in an associate  2,514  1,000  Interests in jointly controlled entities  989  -  3,503  1,000   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10 ASSOCIATE AND JOINTLY CONTROLLED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

The details of the associate and jointly controlled entities are as follows:

| Name of associate/jointly  controlled entity  Country of  incorporation  Principal activity  Effective equity interest  held by the Group  2022  2021  %  %  Associate  Xer Technologies Pte Ltd ('  Xer  ')  (i)  Singapore  Manufacture and repair of  industrial robots  40  40  Jointly controlled entity  Crescent Marine Holding Ltd  ('  CMH  ')  (ii)  British Virgin Islands  Owner of marine assets  19.9  19.9  Lime Petroleum Plc ('  Lime  Plc  ')  (iii)  Isle of Man  Oil and gas exploration  -  65  Rexonic Holding AG  ('  Rexonic  ')  (iv)  Switzerland  Oil exploration technology  50  50   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- (i) Incorporated on 8 June 2021. On 5 July 2021, the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary Rex Technology Investments Pte Ltd entered into a conditional subscription agreement with Xer to subscribe for 33,333 shares in Xer, for a 40% shareholding interest at a consideration of up to US$4 million, upon satisfaction of specific milestones. Certain controlling shareholders of the Company collectively have an effective majority stake in Xer.
- (ii) Incorporated on 10 November 2021. Although the Group holds 19.9% interest in CMH, decisions about relevant activities that significantly affect the returns that are generated require agreement of all parties to the arrangement. It is therefore determined that the Group participates in joint control. CMH is structured as a separate vehicle and the Group has a residual interest in its net assets. Accordingly, the Group classified its interest in CMH as a joint venture, which is equityaccounted. The remaining 80.1% is held by Monarch Marine Holding Ltd (' MMH ')  which certain controlling shareholders of the Company collectively have an effective majority stake in MMH. As at 31 December 2022, the Group's share of the capital commitments of the joint venture was US$Nil.
- (iii) In 2016, the High Court of Isle of Man ordered the winding up of Lime Plc. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group did not expect the completion of the winding up of Lime Plc to generate any surplus cash for distribution to shareholders. The carrying amount of Lime Plc was US$Nil as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. The Group did not equity account further share of losses incurred in 2022 and 2021 as the Group had no obligation in respect of these losses. The liquidation process was completed on 15 March 2022.
- (iv) In  2018,  Rexonic  filed  for  liquidation  with  the  Court  in  Switzerland.  The  liquidation  process  is  still  ongoing  as  at 31 December 2022.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 10 ASSOCIATE AND JOINTLY CONTROLLED ENTITIES (CONTINUED)

## Immaterial associate and jointly controlled entities

The  Group  has  interests  in  an  individually  immaterial  associate  and  jointly  controlled  entities.  The  following table summarises, in aggregate, the carrying amount and share of profit and other comprehensive income of the associate and jointly controlled entities that are accounted for using the equity.

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Group's interest in net assets of investee at beginning of the year  1,000  -  Additions  2,000  1,000  Group's share of profit for the year  503  -  Carrying amount of interest in investee at end of the year  3,503  1,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Trade receivables (third parties)  3,426  44,212  -  -  Amounts due from subsidiaries (non-trade)  -  -  4,795  871  Amounts due from a jointly controlled entity and an  associate (non-trade)  97  2,647  87  -  Deposits  218  213  103  106  Decommissioning receivables  135,515  167,193  -  -  Other receivables  25,040  4,858  5  23  164,296  219,123  4,990  1,000  Prepayments  2,456  2,497  236  130  Income tax receivables  56,825  40,561  -  -  223,577  262,181  5,226  1,130  Comprise of:  - Non-current  135,515  167,193  -  -  - Current  88,062  94,988  5,226  1,130  223,577  262,181  5,226  1,130   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-trade amounts due from subsidiaries, a jointly controlled entity and an associate are unsecured, interestfree, and are repayable on demand.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 11 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

The decommissioning receivables represents a Brage decommissioning carry limited to 95% of decommissioning costs for the current Brage Field infrastructure which is guaranteed by Repsol Exploración S.A., the parent company of Repsol Norge AS, with a guarantee granted in the Group's favour on completion of the acquisition. Most of the decommissioning is expected to occur after the expiration of the licences' validity. At the end of Brage Field's production life, the Group will pay an effective 1.69% of the total estimated decommissioning costs for the current Brage Field infrastructure, in respect of its 33.8434% interest in the Brage Field. For decommissioning provision, see Note 19.

Income tax receivables of US$56,825,000 (2021: US$40,561,000) relates to an amount receivable from Norway tax authorities for exploration costs incurred in 2022 (2021: 2021).

The Group's and the Company's exposure to credit and market risks for trade and other receivables is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.

## 12 INVENTORIES

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Spare parts  13,733  11,278   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

These inventories were acquired as part of the Yme Field and Brage Field acquisitions (Note 5) in 2022 and 2021.

## 13 QUOTED INVESTMENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Mandatorily at fair value through profit or loss  Debt investments  23,040  26,298  23,040  26,298  Equity investments  1  8  -  -  23,041  26,306  23,040  26,298   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The debt investments are all mandatorily measured at fair value through profit or loss and are held for trading. The average effective interest rate of the quoted debt investments is 0.59% (2021: 2.85%) per annum and mature in one to three years (2021: one to three years).

The  Group's  and  the  Company's  exposure  to  credit  and  market  risks,  and  fair  value  measurement  for  quoted investments is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 14 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Cash at bank and on hand  115,758  60,603  25,923  6,489  Less: Restricted bank deposits  (9,381)  (10,065)  (475)  (475)  Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated  statement of cash flows  106,377  50,538  25,448  6,014   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Restricted bank deposits consist of US$8,906,000 (NOK 87,500,000) (2021: US$9,590,000 (NOK 84,500,000)) placed as  collateral  for  decommissioning  obligation  of  a  subsidiary  and  US$475,000  (2021:  US$475,000)  pledged  as securities for bank guarantee facilities granted to the Company.

The Group's and the Company's exposures to credit and market risks for cash and cash equivalents are disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.

## 15 SHARE CAPITAL

| Group and Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Issued and fully paid ordinary shares, with no par value  1,315,507,991 ordinary shares at beginning and end of the year  257,677  257,677   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time, and are entitled to one vote per share at meetings of the Company. All shares ranked equally with regard to the Company's residual assets.

## Treasury shares

The treasury shares comprises the cost of the Company's shares held by the Group. At 31 December 2022, the Group held 13,187,000 (2021: 13,187,000) of the Company's shares.

## 16 RESERVES

## Merger reserve

Merger reserve relates to reserve arising from certain acquisitions of businesses under common control accounted for under the merger accounting method.

## Capital reserve

Capital  reserve  relates  to  capital  contribution  arising  from  loans  forgiven  by  equity  holders  and  differences between purchase consideration (of investments) and fair value of the shares issued.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 16 RESERVES (CONTINUED)

## Share-based payment reserve

Share-based  payment  reserve  relates  to  the  Employee  Share  Option  Scheme  and  Performance  Share  Plan established by the Company to compensate its key management personnel and employees.

## Translation reserve

Translation reserve relates to foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial statements of foreign operations.

## Dividends

The following dividends were declared and paid by the Group and the Company:

For the financial year ended 31 December

| Group and Company  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Paid by the Company to owners of the Company  US$0.0035 (2021: Nil) per qualifying shares  4,541  -  Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Payable by a subsidiary to NCI  US$113.86 (2021: US$1,194.25) per qualifying shares  1,884  19,002   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 17 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS

Description of the share-based payment arrangements

## (i) Employee Share Option Scheme (' ESOS ') (equity-settled)

The ESOS of the Company was approved and adopted by its members at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 24 June 2013, and amended with shareholders' approval at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 3 March 2022.

Information regarding ESOS is as follows:

- The exercise price of the options can be set at a discount to the Market Price (1)  not exceeding 20% of the Market Price at the date on which the options are granted.
- For the options granted with exercise price set at Market Price, they can be exercised 1 year from the date of the grant and will expire 5 years from the date on which the options are granted.
- For  the  options  granted  with  exercise  price  set  at  a  discount  to  the  Market  Price,  they  can  be exercised 2 years from the date of the grant and will expire 5 years from the date on which the options are granted.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Description of the share-based payment arrangements (continued)

## (i) Employee Share Option Scheme (' ESOS ') (equity-settled) (continued)

- (1) The Market Price is calculated based on the average of the last dealt prices for the Company's shares on the Mainboard  of  the  SGX-ST  over  the  5  consecutive  trading  days  immediately  preceding  the  date  on  which  the options are granted.

There are no options outstanding as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, as all options granted have expired.

## (ii) Performance Share Plan (' PSP ') (equity-settled)

The PSP of the Company was approved and adopted by its members at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 24 June 2013 and amended with shareholders' approval at an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company on 30 April 2014, 28 April 2017 and 3 March 2022.

Movement of the awards of ordinary shares granted under the PSP (the ' Awards '):

| Number of Awards  Date of grant  of Awards  At  1 January  Granted  Lapsed/  Cancelled  Vested  At  31 December  Number of  holders at  31 December  2022  9 March 2021  11,724,100 (3)  -  (11,724,100) (4)  -  -  -  8 April 2022  -  11,724,100 (5)  (1,200,000) (6)  -  10,524,100  3  20 October 2022  -  3,600,000 (5)  -  -  3,600,000  3  11,724,100  15,324,100  (12,924,100)  -  14,124,100  6  2021  29 April 2019  53,172,700  -  (53,172,700)  -  -  -  22 May 2020  5,082,400  -  (5,082,400)  -  -  -  09 March 2021  -  11,724,100 (3)  -  -  11,724,100  4  58,255,100 (1)  11,724,100  (58,255,100) (2)  -  11,724,100  4   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(1) If the Average Performance Market Price* is S$0.30 and above, up to 100% of the 58,255,100 Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is less than S$0.30, none of the shares in the Award shall be released unless otherwise determined by the committee administering the PSP.

(2) On 9 March 2021, all 58,255,100 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value).

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Description of the share-based payment arrangements (continued)

## (ii) Performance Share Plan (' PSP ') (equity-settled) (continued)

- (3) On 9 March 2021, the Company granted 11,724,100 Awards to certain directors of the Company. The number of Awards to be vested will range from 0% to 100%, subject to fulfilment of certain predetermined performance benchmarks and the satisfactory completion of time-based service conditions.

If the Average Performance Market Price* is S$0.30 and above, 50% of the Awards shall be released after the vesting period. If the Average Performance Market Price is S$0.45 and above, an additional 50% of the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is less than S$0.30, none of the Awards shall be released unless otherwise determined by the committee administering the PSP.

- (4) On 8 April 2022, 5,862,050 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value).

On 29 April 2022, 5,862,050 Awards previously granted had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to  be  of  no  value),  subsequent  to  the  approval  of  payment  of  additional  remuneration  to  certain Directors at the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting held on 29 April 2022.

- (5) On  8  April  2022  and  20  October  2022,  the  Company  granted  11,724,100  and  3,600,000  Awards respectively to certain directors of the Company. The number of Awards to be vested will range from 0% to 100%, subject to fulfilment of certain predetermined performance benchmarks and the satisfactory completion of time-based service conditions.

If  the Average Performance Market Price* is S$0.45 and above, 50% of the number of shares in the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market Price is S$0.60 and above, an additional 50 per cent of the number of shares in the Awards shall be released. If the Average Performance Market  Price  is  less  than  S$0.45  and  S$0.60  in  2022  and  2023  respectively,  a  Key  Performance Indicator-based  incentive  scheme  (' KPI-based  Incentive  Scheme ')  shall  apply  and  the  number of shares to be released under the Awards will range from 0% to 100%, subject to the fulfilment of  the  predetermined  performance  targets  in  the  KPI-based  Incentive  Scheme.  The  committee administering the PSP may also modify the release of the Awards in tranches at its own discretion, in accordance with the rules of the PSP.

- (6) On 29 April 2022, 1,200,000 Awards previously granted to a director had been cancelled (forthwith lapsed and to be of no value), subsequent to his retirement as Independent Non-Executive Director.
* Average Performance Market Price refers  to  the  average of Company's closing market prices of Shares over a consecutive period of five (5) market days in which transactions in the Shares were recorded, at any time within a two-year period from the date of Awards.
3. ** S$ : Singapore dollars.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 17 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT ARRANGEMENTS (CONTINUED)

Description of the share-based payment arrangements (continued)

## (ii) Performance Share Plan (' PSP ') (equity-settled) (continued)

## Expenses recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions  Total expense recognised for equity-settled share-based payment  357  219   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 18 LOANS AND BORROWINGS

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Secured bond issues  91,948  55,619  Comprise of:  - Non-current  77,987  47,107  - Current  13,961  8,512  Total  91,948  55,619   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group's exposures to market and liquidity risks for loans and borrowings are disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.

## Secured bond issues

On 5 July 2022, Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA '), a subsidiary of the Group, completed the issuance of a three-year senior secured bond issue of NOK 950 million (approximately US$96.70 million) (the ' Bond Issue '  or  the  ' Bonds ')  (ISIN: NO0012559246), with maturity date on 7 July 2025. The coupon rate will be 3 months Norwegian interbank offered rate (' NIBOR ')  plus 9.25%. The Bonds were issued at 97% of the nominal amount. The Bonds are listed on the Oslo Børs.

The purpose of the new Bond Issue is to refinance the Group's NOK 500 million (approximately US$50.89 million) senior secured bonds with maturity in January 2024 (ISIN NO0011037343) and for LPA's acquisition purposes on the Norwegian Continental Shelf (' NCS '), as well as general working capital purposes.

In  2021, LPA completed the issuance of NOK 500 million (approximately US$50.89 million) (ISIN: NO0011037343) worth  of  2.5-year  senior  secured  bonds  with  maturity  in  January  2024.  The  bonds  bore  an  interest  rate  of  3 months NIBOR plus margin of 8.25% per annum. Interests and redemption of bonds was repayable in semi-annual instalments, with first repayment in July 2022. The NOK 500 million senior secured bonds with maturity in January 2024 had been refinanced with the current new Bond Issue.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

## Assets pledged as security

The  new  Bond  Issue  is  secured  with,  1) inter  alia,  a  pledge  over  the  Company's  wholly  owned  subsidiary,  Rex International Investments Pte. Ltd.'s shareholding interests in LPA, and 2) security with first priority charge over the interest in the hydrocarbon production licenses in Norway, monetary claims under LPA's insurances, tax refunds, and certain bank accounts, and floating charges over LPA's trade receivables, operating assets and inventory, and the debt service reserve account.

Reconciliation of movements of liabilities to cash flows arising from financing activities

| Loans and  borrowings*  Lease  liabilities  (Note 20)  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January 2021  18,010  995  19,005  Changes from financing cash flows  Payment for transaction costs related to loans and borrowings  (1,516)  -  (1,516)  Proceeds from issuance of bonds  57,069  -  57,069  Proceeds from bank loans  2,914  -  2,914  Repayment of bank loans  (20,730)  -  (20,730)  Repayment of lease liabilities  -  (412)  (412)  Interest paid  (3,000)  (24)  (3,024)  Total changes from financing cash flows  34,737  (436)  34,301  Other changes  Interest expense on loans and borrowings  3,488  -  3,488  Interest expense on lease liabilities  -  24  24  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates  (616)  (9)  (625)  Total other changes  2,872  15  2,887  At 31 December 2021  55,619  574  56,193   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 18 LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

Reconciliation  of  movements  of  liabilities  to  cash  flows  arising  from  financing  activities (continued)

| Loans and  borrowings*  Lease  liabilities  (Note 20)  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At 1 January 2022  55,619  574  56,193  Changes from financing cash flows  Payment for transaction costs related to loans and borrowings  (3,729)  -  (3,729)  Proceeds from issuance of bonds  89,358  -  89,358  Repayment of bonds  (50,598)  -  (50,598)  Repayment of lease liabilities  -  (443)  (443)  Interest paid  (6,672))  (46)  (6,718)  Total changes from financing cash flows  28,359  (489)  27,870  Other changes  New leases  -  1,093  1,093  Derecognition of lease liability  -  (140)  (140)  Interest expense on lease liabilities  -  46  46  Interest expense on loans and borrowings  13,797  -  13,797  Effect of changes in foreign exchange rates  (2,849)  (39)  (2,888)  Total other changes  10,948  960  11,908  At 31 December 2022  94,926  1,045  95,971   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Includes accrued interest of US$2,978,000 as at 31 December 2022 (2021: Nil)

## 19 PROVISIONS

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Decommissioning provision  At 1 January  197,147  1,210  Acquisition through business combinations (Note 5)  22,520  190,077  Provisions made during the year  -  5,728  Provisions reversed during the year  (13,189)  -  Unwind of discount  3,766  132  Translation differences  (19,583)  -  At 31 December  190,661  197,147   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 19 PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)

The decommissioning provision represents the present value of the cost of rehabilitating and decommissioning oil  field  assets and infrastructure such as wells, pipelines and processing facilities in Oman and Norway, which are expected to be incurred when the operations are ceased. These provisions have been created based on the Group's  internal  estimates.  Assumptions  based  on  the  current  economic  environment  have  been  made,  which management  believes  are  a  reasonable  basis  upon  which  to  estimate  the  future  liability.  These  estimates, including discount rates, are reviewed regularly to take into account any material changes to the assumptions. However,  actual  decommissioning  costs  will  ultimately  depend  upon  future  market  prices  for  the  necessary decommissioning works required that will reflect market conditions at the relevant time. Furthermore, the timing of decommissioning is likely to depend on when the fields cease to produce at economically viable rates. This, in turn, will depend upon future oil and gas prices, which are inherently uncertain.

In  2022,  as  part  of  the  Group's  regular  review,  the  provisions  were  revised  following  the  establishment  and commencement of the planned drilling programme in Oman and Norway. Accordingly, the provisions decreased by US$13,189,000 (2021: increased by US$5,728,000) with a corresponding decrease in decommissioning receivables of US$18,679,000 (2021: Nil) and increase in oil and gas properties of US$5,490,000 (2021: US$5,728,000) (Note 5).

## 20 LEASES

## Leases as lessee

The Group leases office facilities. The leases typically run for a period of three years, with an option to renew the lease after that date. Lease payments are renegotiated every three years to reflect market rentals. Some leases provide for additional rent payments that are based on changes in local price indices. For certain leases, the Group is restricted from entering into any sub-lease arrangements.

The  Group  leases  motor  vehicles,  tanker  and  equipment  used  in  exploration  activities  with  contract  terms  of less than one year. These leases are short-term and/or leases of low-value items. The Group has elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for these leases.

Information about leases for which the Group is a lessee is presented below. The Group's exposure to liquidity risks for lease liabilities is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20 LEASES (CONTINUED)

## Leases as lessee (continued)

Right-of-use assets

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Office leases  At 1 January  552  973  231  425  Additions  1,155  -  357  -  Depreciation  (462)  (412)  (253)  (194)  Derecognition  (134)  -  -  -  Translation differences  (38)  (9)  -  -  At 31 December  1,073  552  335  231   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Lease liabilities

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Current  409  425  207  197  Non-current  636  149  87  39  Total  1,045  574  294  236   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts recognised in profit or loss

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Interest on lease liabilities  46  24  Expenses relating to short-term leases  27  27   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Amounts recognised in consolidated statement of cash flows

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Total cash outflow for leases  489  436   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 20 LEASES (CONTINUED)

## Leases as lessee (continued)

## Extension options

Some property,  motor  vehicles,  tanker  and  equipment  used  in  exploration  activities  leases  contain  extension options exercisable by the Group up to one year before the end of the non-cancellable contract period. Where practicable,  the  Group  seeks  to  include  extension  options  in  new  leases  to  provide  operational  flexibility.  The extension options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the lessors. The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. The Group reassesses whether it is reasonably certain to exercise the options if there is a significant event or significant changes in circumstances within its control.

## 21 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES

## Recognised deferred tax liabilities

Deferred tax liabilities and the movements in deferred tax balances are attributable to the following:

| Group  At  1 January  Recognised  in profit or  loss  (Note 26)  Acquisition  through  business  combinations  (Note 5)  Translation  differences  At  31 December  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2022  Exploration and evaluation assets  22,349  (3,602)  -  (2,225)  16,522  Oil and gas properties  18,482  36,108  (1,526)  (2,701)  50,363  Total  40,831  32,506  (1,526)  (4,926)  66,885  2021  Exploration and evaluation assets  13,173  9,817  -  (641)  22,349  Oil and gas properties  -  -  18,482  -  18,482  Total  13,173  9,817  18,482  (641)  40,831   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 21 DEFERRED TAX LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

## Unrecognised deferred tax assets

Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items, because it is not probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the Group and Company can use the benefits therefrom.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Tax losses  55,791  42,408  55,791  42,408   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The use of the potential tax benefits is subject to the agreement of the tax authorities and compliance with certain provisions of the tax legislation of the respective countries in which the Group and the Company operates.

## 22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Trade payables (third parties)  26,576  16,909  -  -  Amounts due to subsidiaries (non-trade)  -  -  44,343  32,473  Accruals  41,355  32,825  5,361  3,767  Advance from customers  30,209  -  -  -  Deferred consideration (Note 5)  29,512  -  -  -  Dividends payable to non-controlling interests (Note 16)  1,884  -  -  -  129,536  49,734  49,704  36,240   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-trade amounts due to subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free, and are repayable on demand.

Advance from customers of US$30,209,000 (2021: Nil) relates to a prepaid amount received from a customer in Norway in relation to the crude oil sales in 2023.

The Group's and the Company's exposure to market and liquidity risks for trade and other payables is disclosed in Note 33 to the financial statements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 23 REVENUE

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Sale of crude oil  170,259  158,444  Rendering of services  -  30  170,259  158,474   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  following  table  provides  information  about  the  nature  and  timing  of  the  satisfaction  of  performance obligations in contracts with customers, including significant payment terms, and the related revenue recognition policies:

## Sale of crude oil

| Nature of goods or services  Crude oil  When revenue is recognised  Revenue is recognised when goods are delivered to the customer and all criteria  for acceptance have been satisfied.  Significant payment terms  Invoices are payable based on the agreed payment terms with the customers, at  5 to 30 days after the date of bill of lading.   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 24 FINANCE INCOME AND EXPENSE

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Finance income on:  - bank deposits  595  -  - debt investments  149  728  744  728  Finance expense on:  - borrowings and other financing arrangement  (15,197)  (3,488)  - lease liabilities  (46)  (24)  - unwinding of discount on decommissioning receivables and provision  477  (131)  (14,766)  (3,643)   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 25 (LOSS)/PROFIT BEFORE TAX

The following items have been included in arriving at (loss)/profit before tax:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Audit fees paid/payable to:  - auditors of the Company  (178)  (179)  - other auditors  (186)  (147)  Non-audit fees paid/payable to:  - auditors of the Company  (10)  (20)  - other auditors  (14)  (64)  Amortisation of intangible assets  (850)  (850)  Bargain purchase from acquisition of oil and gas properties (i)  -  18,236  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (853)  (752)  Depletion of oil and gas properties  (28,252)  (36,238)  Directors' fees  (1,160)  (2,336)  Employee benefits expense  (18,482)  (20,967)  Expensed exploration and evaluation costs  -  (9,733)  Fair value (loss)/gain on quoted investments (i)  (2,786)  603  Gain on disposal of quoted investments (i)  615  122  Impairment loss on exploration and evaluation assets  (24,285)  (1,018)  Impairment loss on oil and gas properties  -  (1,681)  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment  (505)  -  Recovery of bad debts previously written-off (i)  -  1,720  Employee benefits expense  Salaries, bonuses and other costs  17,900  20,648  Contributions to defined contribution plans  225  100  Equity-settled share-based payment transactions  357  219  18,482  20,967   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

(i) Included in 'other expenses' or 'other income'.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 26 TAX CREDIT

Current tax credit

Current year

Changes in estimates related to prior years

Deferred tax expense (Note 21)

Origination and reversal of temporary differences

Tax credit

2022

US$'000

(31,306)

(8,161)

(39,467)

32,506

(6,961)

2021

US$'000

(19,332)

(2)

(19,334)

9,817

(9,517)

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Reconciliation of effective tax rate  (Loss)/Profit before tax  (6,608)  69,422  Tax using the Singapore tax rate at 17%  (1,123)  11,802  Effect of tax rates in foreign jurisdictions  (2,104)  (9,429)  Effect of results of equity-accounted investees, net of tax  (85)  -  Non-deductible expenses  8,645  1,383  Non-taxable income  (6,408)  (14,709)  Current year losses for which no deferred tax asset was recognised  2,275  1,438  Changes in estimates related to prior years  (8,161)  (2)  Tax credit  (6,961)  (9,517)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Group

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 27 (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE

## Basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share

The calculation of basic and diluted (loss)/earnings per share has been based on the following profit attributable to ordinary shareholders and weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding.

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  (Loss)/Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders  (Loss)/Profit for the year, attributable to the owners of the Company  (1,000)  67,157  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares  Issued ordinary shares at 1 January  1,302,320,991  1,302,320,991  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares (basic)  1,302,320,991  1,302,320,991  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares (diluted)  1,302,320,991  1,302,320,991   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

At  31  December 2022, 14,124,100 (2021: 11,724,100) shares awards were excluded from the diluted weighted number of ordinary shares calculation as they either had minimal impact or their effect would have been antidilutive. As such, the basic and fully diluted (loss)/earnings per share were the same for the respective financial periods.

## 28 OPERATING SEGMENTS

The Group's reportable segments as described below are the Group's strategic business units. The management has  determined  the  reportable  segments  based  on  the  reports  reviewed  by  the  Group's  Executive  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ')  that  are  used  to  make  strategic  decisions.  Performance  is  measured  based on segment results as included in the internal management reports that are reviewed by the Group's Executive Chairman and CEO.

The Group has 3 reportable segments: Oil and Gas (exploration and production); Non-Oil and Gas (oil exploration technology); and Corporate. The following summary describes the operations of each of the Group's reportable segments:

- Oil  and  Gas:  involved  in  oil  and  gas  exploration  and  production  with  concessions  located  in  Oman  and Norway.
- Non-Oil and Gas: pertains to technology segment. RTI owns the Rex Virtual Drilling (' RVD ')  technology that can extract information about the presence of reservoir rock and liquid hydrocarbons using conventional seismic data.
- Corporate: pertains to corporate functions.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 28 OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

Information regarding the results of each reportable segment is as below:

| Group  Oil and Gas  Non-Oil  and Gas  Corporate  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2022  Sale of crude oil  170,259  -  -  170,259  Service revenue  -  1,609  -  1,609  Total revenue for reportable segments  170,259  1,609  -  171,868  Elimination of inter-segment revenue  -  (1,609)  -  (1,609)  Consolidated revenue  170,259  -  -  170,259  Other income  -  1  1  2  Segment expense  (92,598)  (1,546)  (11,344)  (105,488)  Amortisation of intangible assets  -  (850)  -  (850)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (590)  -  (263)  (853)  Depletion of oil and gas properties  (28,252)  -  -  (28,252)  Finance income  574  -  170  744  Finance expense  (14,687)  (2)  (77)  (14,766)  Foreign exchange gain/(loss)  611  24  (2,086)  (1,451)  Share of profit of equity-accounted investees  -  503  -  503  Other material non-cash items:  - Changes in fair values of quoted investments  (7)  -  (2,779)  (2,786)  - Gain from disposal of quoted investments  -  -  615  615  - Impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets  (24,285)  -  -  (24,285)  Reportable segment profit/(loss) before tax  11,025  (1,870)  (15,763)  (6,608)  Reportable segment assets  612,479  5,386  50,693  668,558  Segment assets include:  Additions to:  - Property, plant and equipment*  951  -  -  951  - Exploration and evaluation assets  24,522  -  -  24,552  - Oil and gas properties  56,299  -  -  56,299  Investment in an associate  -  2,000  -  2,000  Acquisition of oil and gas properties  55,008  -  -  55,008  Reportable segment liabilities  473,329  1,053  5,693  480,075   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 28 OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

| Group  Oil and Gas  Non-Oil  and Gas  Corporate  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  2021  Sale of crude oil  158,444  -  -  158,444  Service revenue  -  1,813  -  1,813  Total revenue for reportable segments  158,444  1,813  -  160,257  Elimination of inter-segment revenue  -  (1,783)  -  (1,783)  Consolidated revenue  158,444  30  -  158,474  Other income  131  1,724  14  1,869  Segment expense  (39,518)  (3,014)  (13,456)  (55,988)  Amortisation of intangible assets  -  (850)  -  (850)  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  (548)  -  (204)  (752)  Depletion of oil and gas properties  (36,238)  -  -  (36,238)  Finance income  -  -  728  728  Finance expense  (3,564)  (1)  (78)  (3,643)  Foreign exchange (loss)/gain  (35)  6  (678)  (707)  Other material non-cash items:  - Bargain purchase from acquisition of oil and  gas properties  18,236  -  -  18,236  - Changes in fair values of quoted investments  (293)  -  896  603  - Gain from disposal of quoted investments  -  -  122  122  - Expensed exploration and evaluation costs  (9,733)  -  -  (9,733)  - Impairment losses on exploration and evaluation assets  (1,018)  -  -  (1,018)  - Impairment losses on oil and gas properties  (1,681)  -  -  (1,681)  Reportable segment profit/(loss) before tax  84,183  (2,105)  (12,656)  69,422  Reportable segment assets  502,293  4,246  36,621  543,160  Segment assets include:  Additions to:  - Property, plant and equipment*  207  -  4  211  - Exploration and evaluation assets  22,204  -  -  22,204  - Oil and gas properties  10,539  -  -  10,539  Investment in an associate  -  1,000  -  1,000  Acquisition of oil and gas properties  82,584  -  -  82,584  Reportable segment liabilities  338,933  963  4,009  343,905   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes right-of-use assets.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 28 OPERATING SEGMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Geographical information

The Oil and Gas, Non-Oil and Gas and Corporate segments are managed on a worldwide basis, but operate primarily in Norway, Oman, Singapore, Malaysia and the British Virgin Islands.

In presenting information on the basis of geographical segments, segment revenue is based on the geographical location of customers and segment assets are based on the geographical location of the assets.

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  China  -  13,337  Singapore  71,643  145,107  Norway  98,616  30  170,259  158,474  Non-current assets  British Virgin Islands  2,654  2,515  Malaysia  1,769  359  Norway  347,242  290,397  Oman  73,447  55,470  Singapore  2,852  1,244  427,964  349,985   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Major customer

Revenue from three (2021: two) external customers of the Group's Oil and Gas segment and nil (2021: one) external customer from the Group's Non-Oil and Gas segment represents the Group's total revenue.

## 29 COMMITMENTS

Certain  subsidiaries  have  firm  capital  commitments  where  the  Group  is  required  to  participate  in  minimum exploration  activities.  The  Group's  total  estimated  minimum  exploration  commitment  is  approximately US$6,036,000  (2021:  US$20,224,000).  At  the  reporting  date,  the  Group's  outstanding  minimum  exploration commitments will fall due within one year.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 CONTINGENCIES

## (a) Legal claims

## Global Settlement Agreement

On 31 August 2020, the Group and associates related to the legal cases with Gulf Hibiscus Limited signed a global settlement agreement (' Settlement Agreement ')  with  Hibiscus Petroleum Berhad (' Hibiscus '),  its  subsidiary and other parties related to the legal cases for purposes of resolving and settling those legal cases and other related claims. The Settlement Agreement does not involve any payment by the Group to Hibiscus group (including Gulf Hibiscus Limited). The terms of the Settlement Agreement are confidential, and implementation of the same is subject to a long stop date of 31 December 2020, which was further extended to 30 June 2021.

On 25 June 2021, the parties entered into a second supplemental agreement to extend the long stop date for implementation of the settlement from 30 June 2021 to 31 December 2021.

On 18 October 2021, the settlement arrangement between the relevant parties in relation to the subject court proceedings and other related claims between the parties were duly completed and/or effected pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement.

## Masirah Oil Ltd

On 5 August 2021, Petroci Holding (' Petroci ')  filed  a  claim  against the Company's subsidiaries, Rex Oman Limited (' Rex  Oman '),  Masirah  Oil  Limited  (' MOL '),  and  certain  past  and  present  directors  of  MOL  in  the  High  Court, Commercial Division of the British Virgin Islands, in connection with the alleged conduct of MOL's affairs, which led to a dilution of Petroci's interest in MOL as a partner and minority shareholder.

Management  has  considered  the  above  claims  and  allegations  and  are  of  the  view  that  these  claims  and allegations against Rex Oman and MOL are frivolous, baseless and unmeritorious. Management does not expect any material financial impact from the claim.

## (b) Guarantee

## KUFPEC Norway AS

The Company (hereinafter referred to as the ' Guarantor ',  as  a  primary  obligor  and  not  merely  as  a  surety)  had provided  a  parent  company  guarantee  to  KUFPEC  Norway  AS  (' KUFPEC ')  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  ' Seller ')  to guarantee to the Seller that Lime Petroleum AS (hereinafter referred to as ' Buyer ')  will  perform  the  Guaranteed Obligations and shall comply with the terms and conditions of the Decommissioning Security Agreement (' DSA ').

The Guarantor undertakes to pay to the Seller, within seven days upon written demand of the Seller stating that the Buyer has failed to pay any amount due and payable to the Seller under the DSA, such amount due and payable.

The Guarantor further undertakes to hold the Seller whole for any taxes that the Seller has to pay on any amount paid to the Seller under this Guarantee.

The  Guarantor  further  undertakes,  upon  the  request  of  the  Seller,  to  immediately  perform  any  Guaranteed Obligations not performed by the Buyer or procure that such Guaranteed Obligations are performed by a third party.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 30 CONTINGENCIES (CONTINUED)

## (b) Guarantee (continued)

## Jack-Up Barge Operations B.V.

On  6  March  2020,  the  Company  had  provided  a  parent  guarantee  to  Jack-Up  Barge  Operations  B.V.  (' JUB ')  to guarantee the duties, undertakings and obligations or discharge any or all of its liabilities under or pursuant to a charter party dated 30 December 2019 entered into by MOL for the charter of self-elevating platform 'JB114' with JUB. The parent guarantee to JUB had been released and discharged on 20 June 2022.

## Ministry of Petroleum and Energy

The Company had provided a parent company guarantee to the Ministry of Petroleum and Energy on basis of the Norwegian Petroleum Act. Under the Norwegian Petroleum Act, the Company undertakes financial liability as surety for obligations that may arise from exploration for and exploitation of subsea natural resources on the Norwegian Continental Shelf (' NCS ')  and  any liability, including liability for any recovery claim, which may be imposed under Norwegian law for pollution damage and for personal injury.

Management believes that the Group and the operators of  its  licences  in  NCS  are  in  compliance  with  current applicable environmental laws and regulations and hence does not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the Company under the guarantee.

## 31 RELATED PARTIES

## Transactions with key management personnel

Key management personnel of the Group are those persons having the authority and responsibility for planning, directing and controlling the activities of the Group. The directors and certain key executives of the management team are considered as key management of the Group.

Key management personnel compensation comprised:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Short-term employment benefits  - Directors  5,525  5,827  - Key executives  8,680  9,620  Post-employment benefits (including contributions to defined contribution plans)  16  17  Share-based payments  357  143  14,578  15,607   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 31 RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)

## Other related party transactions

In  addition  to  the  related  party  information  disclosed  elsewhere  in  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  the following significant transactions with related parties took place at terms agreed between the parties during the year:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Issuance of option agreements to a company controlled by a director  -  550  Consultancy fees paid to a company controlled by a director  13  9   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On 8 September 2020, the Group entered into options agreements, with Trace Atlantic Oil Ltd (' Trace '),  a  company controlled  by  a  director,  for  Trace  to  have  options  to  receive  shares  of  proceeds  of  potential  dividends  from LPA due to RII if drilling activities of the Apollonia prospect in licences PL236D/E and the Fat Canyon prospect in  licences PL937/B are successful respectively. Any dividends to be paid to Trace are at the discretion of the Group and the Group has a right, but not the obligation, to buy back the options. Accordingly, the proceeds from the options agreements are classified under capital reserves. These options agreements have since been lapsed without value in 2022.

## 32 FAIR VALUE OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

A  number of the Group's accounting policies and disclosures require the measurement of fair values, for both financial and non-financial assets and liabilities.

The Group has an established control framework with respect to the measurement of fair values. This includes a team that has overall responsibility for all significant fair value measurements, including Level 3 fair values, and reports directly to the Chief Financial Officer.

The team regularly reviews significant unobservable inputs and valuation adjustments. If third party information, such as broker quotes or pricing services, is used to measure fair values, then the team assesses and documents the evidence obtained from the third parties to support the conclusion that such valuations meet the requirements of SFRS(I), including the level in the fair value hierarchy in the valuations should be classified. Significant valuation issues are reported to the Group's Audit Committee.

When measuring the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses observable market data as far as possible. Fair values are categorised into different levels in a fair value hierarchy based on the inputs used in the valuation techniques as follows:

| - Level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.  - Level 2: inputs  other  than  quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices) or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices).  - Level 3: inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32 FAIR VALUE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

If  the  inputs  used  to  measure  the  fair  value  of  an  asset  or  a  liability  fall  into  different  levels  of  the  fair  value hierarchy, then the fair value measurement is categorised in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest level input that is significant to the entire measurement (with Level 3 being the lowest).

## Measurement of fair values

The following summarises the significant methods and assumptions used in estimating the fair values of financial instruments of the Group and Company.

## Debt and equity securities

The carrying amounts of investments in debt and equity securities are approximate their fair value. Fair values are determined by reference to their quoted closing bid price in an active market at the measurement date, using the Level 1 valuation inputs.

## Other financial assets and liabilities

The carrying  amounts of financial  assets  and  liabilities  with  a  maturity  of  less  than  one  year  are  assumed  to approximate their respective fair values due to the relative short-term maturity of these financial instruments.

The fair value of non-current other receivables was calculated using the discounted cash flow model based on the present value of expected cashflow at the risk-free rate plus estimated credit spread of counterparty at the reporting date. The carrying amounts of non-current other receivables are assumed to approximate its fair value as the Group believes that the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount, if any, is negligible.

No disclosure of fair value is made for non-current loan to a subsidiary as it is not practicable to determine their fair  values with sufficient reliability since the balances have no fixed terms of repayment. The Company do not anticipate that the carrying amounts recorded at the reporting date would be significantly different from the values that would eventually be received.

## Accounting classifications and fair values

The carrying amounts and fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are as follows. It does not include fair value information for financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value as the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of fair value.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 32 FAIR VALUE ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (CONTINUED)

Accounting classifications and fair values (continued)

| Note  Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Financial assets measured at amortised cost  Loan to a subsidiary  8  -  -  92,621  92,621  Trade and other receivables*  11  164,296  219,123  4,990  1,000  Cash and cash equivalents  14  115,758  60,603  25,923  6,489  280,054  279,726  123,534  100,110  Financial assets measured at fair value  Quoted investments  13  23,041  26,306  23,040  26,298  Financial liabilities measured at amortised  cost  Loans and borrowings  18  91,948  55,619  -  -  Trade and other payables #  22  99,327  49,734  49,704  36,240  191,275  105,353  49,704  36,240   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Excludes prepayments and income tax receivables.

# Excludes advance from customers.

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

## Financial risk management

## Overview

The Group has exposure to the following risks arising from financial instruments:

- credit risk;
- liquidity risk; and
- market risk.

This  note  presents  information  about  the  Group's  exposure  to  each  of  the  above  risks,  the  Group's  objectives, policies and processes for measuring and managing risk, and the Group's management of capital.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Risk management framework

Risk  management  is  integral  to  the  whole  business  of  the  Group.  The  management  continually  monitors  the Group's risk management process to ensure that an appropriate balance between risk and control is achieved. Risk management policies and systems are reviewed regularly to reflect changes in market conditions and the Group's activities.

The Audit Committee oversees how management monitors compliance with the Group's risk management policies and procedures and reviews the adequacy of the risk management framework in relation to the risks faced by the Group.

The  Enterprise  Risk  Management  Framework  provides  the  principal  policy  and  guidance  to  the  Group  and  its businesses on the risk management methodology and reporting of risks. It sets out a systematic and ongoing process for identifying, evaluating, controlling and reporting risks. These processes are put in place to manage and monitor the Group's risk management activities on a regular and timely basis. The Group's risk management efforts covers operational, financial and strategic areas.

## Credit risk

Credit risk is the risk of financial loss to the Group or the Company if a customer or counterparty to a financial instrument fails to meet its contractual obligations, and arises principally from the Group's and the Company's financial assets.

The carrying amounts of financial assets represent the Group's and the Company's maximum exposures to credit risk, before taking into account any collateral held.

## Trade receivables

The  Group's  exposure  to  credit  risk  is  influenced  mainly  by  the  individual  characteristics  of  each  customer. However, management also considers the demographics of the Group's customer base, including the default risk of the industry and country in which customers operate, as these factors may have an influence on credit risk. Details of concentration of revenue are included in Note 23 to the financial statements.

Concentrations of credit risk exist when economic or industry factors similarly affect a group of counterparties, and when the aggregate amount of this exposure is significant in relation to the Group's total credit exposure. The Group's most significant counter-parties are the Norwegian government which accounts for US$56,825,000 (2021:  US$40,561,000)  and  Repsol  in  relation  to  the  decommissioning  receivables  of  US$135,515,000  (2021: US$167,193,000). At the reporting date, the Group had no other significant concentrations of credit risk for its financial assets.

The Group does not require collateral in respect of its trade and other receivables, except for a guarantee granted in LPA's favour for the decommissioning receivables (Note 5). The Group does not have trade receivables for which no loss allowance is recognised because of collateral.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Credit risk (continued)

## Trade receivables (continued)

## Exposure to credit risk

The exposure to credit risk for trade receivables at the reporting date by geographic region was as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Norway  3,361  21  Singapore  65  44,191  3,426  44,212   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Expected credit loss assessment for customers

The Group uses an allowance matrix to measure the ECLs of trade receivables from customers.

Loss rates are calculated using a 'roll rate' method based on the probability of a receivable progressing through successive  stages  of  delinquency  to  write-off.  Roll  rates  are  calculated  separately  for  exposures  in  different segments based on the following common credit risk characteristics - geographic region and age of customer relationship.

Loss rates are based on actual credit loss experience over the past five years. These rates are adjusted to reflect differences  between  economic  conditions  during  the  period  over  which  the  historic  data  has  been  collected, current conditions and the Group's view of economic conditions over the expected lives of the receivables.

The Group and Company has assessed that the amount of the allowance on these balances is negligible. The Group and Company did not have significant overdue or credit impaired trade receivables as at reporting date.

An analysis of the ageing of trade receivables that are not impaired is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current  3,426  44,212   |
|--------------------------------------------------------|

## Intercompany receivables

The Group and the Company held intercompany receivables, which were lent to satisfy funding requirements of the intercompany. The Group uses an approach based on an assessment of qualitative and quantitative factors that are indicative of the risk of default (including but not limited to external ratings, audited financial statements, management  accounts  and  cash  flow  projections,  and  available  press  information,  if  available,  and  applying experienced  credit  judgement).  There  is  no  significant  increase  in  credit  risk  for  these  exposures.  Therefore, impairment on these balances has been measured on the 12-month ECL basis; and the amount of the allowance is negligible.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Credit risk (continued)

## Quoted investments

Quoted  debt  securities  are  entered  into  with  financial  institutions  with  a  reputable  credit  rating  agency. Management actively monitors credit ratings and given that the Group only has invested in securities with high credit ratings, management does not expect any counterparty to fail to meet its obligation.

## Other financial assets at amortised cost

For the purpose of impairment assessment, the other financial assets at amortised cost, such as deposits and other receivables, are considered to have low credit risk as they are not due for payment at the end of the reporting period and there has been no significant increase in the risk of default on the receivables since initial recognition.

In  determining the ECL, management has taken into account the historical default experience and the financial position  of  the  counterparties,  adjusted  for  factors  that  are  specific  to  the  debtors  and  general  economic conditions of the industry in which the debtors operate, in estimating the probability of default of each of these financial assets occurring within their respective loss assessment time horizon, as well as the loss upon default in each case. The amount of the allowance on other financial assets at amortised cost is negligible.

## Cash and cash equivalents

The cash and cash equivalents are held with bank and financial institution counterparties which are reputable and regulated. These surplus funds are placed on short-term deposits (usually within the range of one day to three months) according to the Group's cash flow requirements. The Group does not hedge against long-term fluctuations in interest rates.

Impairment on cash and cash equivalents has been measured on the 12-month ECL basis and reflects the short maturities of the exposures. The Group considers that its cash and cash equivalents have low credit risk based on the external credit ratings of the counterparties. The amount of the allowance on cash and cash equivalents is negligible.

## Liquidity risk

Liquidity  risk  is  the  risk  that  the  Group  or  the  Company  will  encounter  difficulty  in  meeting  the  obligations associated with its financial liabilities that are settled by delivering cash or another financial asset.

The Group monitors its liquidity risk and maintains a level of cash and cash equivalents deemed adequate by management to finance the Group's operations and to mitigate the effects of fluctuations in cash flows. Typically, the Group ensures that it has sufficient cash on demand to meet expected operational expenses, including the servicing  of  financial  obligations;  this  excludes  the  potential  impact  of  extreme  circumstances  that  cannot reasonably be predicted, such as natural disasters.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Liquidity risk (continued)

## Exposure to liquidity risk

The following are the remaining contractual maturities of non-derivative financial liabilities. The amounts are gross and undiscounted, and include contractual interest payments:

| Carrying  amount  Contractual  cash flows  Within  1 year  More than  1 year  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Group  2022  Loans and borrowings  91,948  103,450  15,707  87,743  Lease liabilities  1,045  1,127  441  686  Trade and other payables #  99,327  99,327  99,327  -  192,320  203,904  115,475  88,429  2021  Loans and borrowings  55,619  60,736  9,295  51,441  Lease liabilities  574  591  438  153  Trade and other payables  49,734  49,734  49,734  -  105,927  111,061  59,467  51,594  Company  2022  Lease liabilities  294  302  214  88  Trade and other payables  49,704  49,704  49,704  -  49,998  50,006  49,918  88  2021  Lease liabilities  236  242  202  40  Trade and other payables  36,240  36,240  36,240  -  36,476  36,482  36,442  40   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

# Excludes advance from customers.

The maturity analysis shows the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group's and the Company's financial liabilities  on  the  basis  of  their  earliest  possible  contractual  maturity.  It  is  not  expected  that  the  cash  flows included in the maturity analysis above could occur significantly earlier, or at significantly different amounts.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Market risk

Market risk is the risk that changes in market prices, such as crude oil, foreign exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices will affect the Group's income or the value of its holdings of financial instruments. The objective of market risk management is to manage and control market risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return.

## Currency risk

The  Group  operates  internationally  hence  is  exposed  to  transactional  foreign  currency  risk  to  the  extent  that there is a mismatch between the currencies in which sales, purchases, financial assets and financial liabilities, including inter-company sales, purchases and inter-company balances, that are denominated in a currency other than the respective functional currencies of Group entities. The currencies in which these transactions primarily are denominated are the Euro (' EUR '), Swedish Kroner (' SEK '), Singapore dollar (' SGD ') and Pounds Sterling (' GBP ').

The Group does not have a formal hedging policy to govern this currency risk exposure as the Group monitors the exposure to currency risks on an ongoing basis and endeavours to keep the net exposures at an acceptable level.

## Exposure to currency risk

The summary of quantitative data about the exposure to currency risk as reported to the management of the Group and the Company is as follows:

| 2022  2021  EUR  SEK  SGD  GBP  EUR  SEK  SGD  GBP  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Group  Cash and cash equivalents  731  907  455  491  513  496  106  -  Quoted investments  2,283  609  869  1  5,383  1,440  1,005  8  Net exposure  3,014  1,516  1,324  492  5,896  1,936  1,111  8  Company  Cash and cash equivalents  678  748  455  -  513  321  106  -  Quoted investments  2,283  609  869  -  5,383  1,440  1,005  -  Net exposure  2,961  1,357  1,324  -  5,896  1,761  1,111  -   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Market risk (continued)

## Currency risk (continued)

## Sensitivity analysis

A 2% strengthening/(weakening) of the United States dollar against the following currencies at the reporting date would have changed profit or loss by the amounts shown below, respectively. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular interest rates, remain constant and ignores any impact of forecasted sales and purchases.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Euro  60  118  59  118  Swedish Kroner  30  39  27  35  Singapore dollar  26  22  26  22  Pound Sterling  10  *  -  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Less than US$1,000

## Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market interest rate. The Group's exposure to interest rate risk arises primarily from their short-term interest bearing deposits, and loans and borrowings.

As short-term bank deposits are placed in short-term money market with tenures mostly within the range of 1 day to 3 months, the Group's interest income is subject to fluctuation in interest rates. Interest rate risk is managed by the Group on an ongoing basis and placed on a short-term basis according to the Group's cash flow requirements with the primary objective of limiting the extent to which net interest expense could be affected by an adverse movement in interest rates.

## Exposure to interest rate risk

At  the  reporting  date,  the  interest  rate  profile  of  the  interest-bearing  financial  instruments,  as  reported  to  the management, was as follows:

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Variable rate instruments  Financial liabilities  - Loans and borrowings  (91,948)  (55,619)   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 33 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

## Market risk (continued)

## Interest rate risk (continued)

## Cash flow sensitivity analysis for variable rate instruments

A reasonably possible change of 100 basis points in interest rates at the reporting date would have changed profit or loss by the amounts shown below. This analysis assumes that all other variables, in particular foreign currency exchange rates, remain constant.

| Group  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Variable rate instruments, representing cash flow sensitivity  919  556   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Equity price risk

Equity price risk arises from debt and equity investments measured at FVTPL. The primary goal of the Group's investment strategy is to maximise investment returns, in general. Management is assisted by external advisors in  this  regard.  These are designated as at FVTPL because their performance is actively monitored and they are managed on a fair value basis.

## Sensitivity analysis

A 10% change in the underlying prices of the investments at the reporting date would have changed profit or loss by the amounts shown below, respectively. This analysis assumes that all other variables remain constant.

| Group  Company  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Debt and equity investments  2,304  2,631  2,304  2,630   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Capital management

The Board's policy is to maintain a strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence and to sustain future development of the business. Capital consists of total equity attributable to owners of the Company. The Board of Directors monitors the return on capital, which the Group defines as total shareholders' equity excluding non-controlling interests, as well as the level of dividends to ordinary shareholders.

The Group monitors the capital position of the Group to ensure a sufficiently strong capital base so as to maintain investor, creditor and market confidence. This is also a platform to sustain the existing business and for future growth. There has been no change in the Group's approach to capital management during the year.

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to externally imposed capital requirements.

## NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## 34 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

- (i) On 20 January 2023, the Company obtained shareholders' approval via an extraordinary general meeting, to reduce the share capital of the Company by the cancellation of the share capital of the Company that has been lost or is unrepresented by available assets to the extent of the amount of the accumulated losses of the Company up to 31 December 2021 of US$168,096,000.

The Company had lodged the documents required by the Companies Act with the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority of Singapore on 7 March 2023. The Proposed Capital Reduction was therefore effective as of 7 March 2023.

- (ii) Subsequent to the year ended 31 December 2022, one of the Group's subsidiaries, Lime Petroleum AS (' LPA '), had successfully raised NOK 250 million (approximately US$25.3 million) by tapping on its existing Bond (ISIN NO0012559246) (Note 18) in accordance with the loan agreement for the Bond (the ' Tap Issue ').  After the Tap Issue was carried out, the total outstanding amount pertaining to the refinancing of the previous senior secured bonds and for the acquisition of Yme Field, as well as general working capital purposes is NOK 1,200 million (approximately US$122 million). The settlement took place on 18 January 2023. The Bonds were issued at 99.25% of the nominal amount.
- (iii) In January 2023, LPA was awarded stakes in two offshore licences, a 50% interest in PL1178 in the North Sea and a 30% interest in PL1190 in Norwegian Sea.
- (iv) The Company has proposed a final dividend of S$0.005 per ordinary share in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022, subject to the approval by the shareholders at the next annual general meeting to be convened on or before 30 April 2023.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 13 March 2023

Issued and fully paid-up capital :

S$108,029,954.98

Number of Issued and paid-up Shares :

1,315,507,991

Class of Shares

:

Ordinary Shares of equal voting rights

Number of issued and paid-up shares excluding treasury shares and

subsidiary holdings :

1,302,320,991

Number and percentage of Treasury Shares :

13,187,000 (1.013%)

Number and percentage of Subsidiary Holdings :

Nil

Voting rights :

One vote for each ordinary share

## SHAREHOLDING HELD IN THE HANDS OF PUBLIC

Based on the information available to the Company as at 13 March 2023, approximately 55.87% of the issued ordinary shares of the Company were held by the public and therefore, Rule 723 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited, is complied with.

## DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS BY SIZE OF SHAREHOLDINGS AS AT 13 MARCH 2023

| Size of Shareholdings  No. of Shareholders  %  No. of Shares  %  1 - 99  5  0.11  216  0.00  100 - 1,000  440  9.27  395,401  0.03  1,001 - 10,000  1,217  25.65  9,220,649  0.71  10,001 - 1,000,000  3,016  63.58  270,551,143  20.77  1,000,001 and above  66  1.39  1,022,153,582  78.49  TOTAL  4,744  100.00  1,302,320,991  100.00   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The shareholding percentage is computed based on the number of issued and paid-up shares (excluding 13,187,000 treasury shares) of 1,302,320,991 shares as at 13 March 2023.

## TWENTY LARGEST HOLDERS OF SHARES AS AT 13 MARCH 2023

| No.  Name of Shareholder  No. of Shares  % of Issued Shares  1  UOB KAY HIAN PTE LTD  566,551,097  43.50  2  DBS NOMINEES PTE LTD  103,790,007  7.97  3  CITIBANK NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  53,807,542  4.13  4  HSBC (SINGAPORE) NOMINEES PTE LTD  38,186,231  2.93  5  OCBC SECURITIES PRIVATE LTD  35,014,600  2.69  6  PHILLIP SECURITIES PTE LTD  21,332,296  1.64  7  IFAST FINANCIAL PTE LTD  15,393,700  1.18  8  MAANS NICKLAS LIDGREN  14,241,464  1.09  9  RAFFLES NOMINEES (PTE) LIMITED  13,917,340  1.07  10  DAN BROSTROM  11,306,075  0.87  11  ER CHOON HUAT  9,900,000  0.76  12  MORGAN STANLEY ASIA (SINGAPORE) SECURITIES PTE LTD  8,326,640  0.64  13  OCBC NOMINEES SINGAPORE PTE LTD  5,829,400  0.45  14  BPSS NOMINEES SINGAPORE (PTE.) LTD.  5,796,300  0.45  15  SEE LOP FU JAMES @ SHI LAP FU JAMES  5,350,000  0.41  16  TIGER BROKERS (SINGAPORE) PTE. LTD.  5,335,500  0.41  17  CGS-CIMB SECURITIES (SINGAPORE) PTE LTD  4,659,000  0.36  18  UNITED OVERSEAS BANK NOMINEES PTE LTD  4,260,200  0.33  19  LIM POO KIN  4,175,000  0.32  20  EST OF LIM CHEE NEO LUCY @CAROL LIM, DECEASED  4,118,000  0.32  TOTAL  931,290,392  71.52   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The shareholding percentage is computed based on the number of issued and paid-up shares (excluding 13,187,000 treasury shares) of 1,302,320,991 shares as at 13 March 2023.

## STATISTICS OF SHAREHOLDINGS

As at 13 March 2023

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS AS AT 13 MARCH 2023

| No.  Name  No. of shares in  which substantial  shareholders  have direct  interest  %  No. of shares in  which substantial  shareholders are  deemed to have  interest  %  1  Limea Ltd.  (1)  452,020,422  34.71  -  -  2  Cresta Group Ltd.  (2)  -  -  452,020,422  34.71  3  Dr Karl Lidgren  (3)  -  -  452,020,422  34.71  4  Mr Hans Ove Leonard Lidgren  (4)  -  -  452,020,422  34.71  5  Bevoy Investment Ltd  (5)  78,095,538  6.00  -  -  6  Mr Svein Helge Kjellesvik  (6)  -  -  78,095,538  6.00   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(1) The 452,020,422 shares are held through UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd.

(2) Cresta Group Ltd owns 50% of Limea Ltd. and is deemed interested in 452,020,422 shares held by Limea Ltd.

(3) Dr Karl Lidgren, through Cresta Group Ltd, owns 50% of Limea Ltd. and is deemed interested in 452,020,422 shares held by Limea Ltd.

(4) Mr Hans Lidgren owns 50% of Limea Ltd. and is deemed interested in 452,020,422 shares held by Limea Ltd.

(5) The 78,095,538 shares are held through UOB Kay Hian Pte Ltd.

(6) Mr Svein Kjellesvik owns 100% of Bevoy Investment Ltd and is deemed interested in the 78,095,538 shares held by Bevoy Investment Ltd.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the Annual General Meeting of Rex International Holding Limited (the ' Company ') will be held by way of electronic means on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 3.00 p.m. (Singapore time) (the ' AGM '), for the following purposes:

## Ordinary Business

| 1. To receive and adopt the Directors' Statement and Audited Financial Statements of the Company for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon. Resolution 1  2. To declare a tax exempt (one-tier) final dividend of 0.5 Singapore cents per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 2  3. To  approve  the  payment  of  Directors'  fees  of  S$807,433/-  for  the  financial  year  ending 31 December 2023 (FY2022: S$621,383/-), payable quarterly in arrears. (See Explanatory Note 1) Resolution 3  4. To approve the payment of additional Directors' fees of S$95,830/- for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. Resolution 4  (See Explanatory Note 2)  5. To approve the payment of additional remuneration of S$675,000/- to non-executive directors for the financial year ended 31 December 2022. (See Explanatory Note 3) Resolution 5  6. To  re-elect  Mr  Dan  Broström  who  is  retiring  by  rotation  pursuant  to  Regulation  93  of  the Company's Constitution. Resolution 6  (See Explanatory Note 4)  7. To re-elect Mr Sin Boon Ann who is retiring by rotation pursuant to Regulation 93 of the Company's Constitution. Resolution 7  (See Explanatory Note 5)  8. To  re-elect  Ms  Heng  Su-Ling  Mae  who  is  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  99  of  the  Company's Constitution. Resolution 8  (See Explanatory Note 6)  9. To  re-elect  Mr  John  Gerard  Nicholas  d'Abo  who  is  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  99  of  the Company's Constitution. (See Explanatory Note 7) Resolution 9  - 10.  - To  re-elect  Dr  Mathias  Lars  Ove  Lidgren  who  is  retiring  pursuant  to  Regulation  99  of  the Company's Constitution. (See Explanatory Note 8) Resolution 10  11. To appoint Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP as auditors of the Company to hold office until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company and to authorise the Directors of the Company to fix their remuneration. (See Explanatory Note 9) Resolution 11   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Special Business

To consider and, if thought fit, to pass the following as Ordinary Resolutions, with or without any modifications:

12. Authority to allot and issue shares

'THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act 1967 (the ' Companies Act ')  and Rule 806 of the Listing Manual of the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the ' SGX-ST ')  (the ' Listing Manual '), the Directors of the Company be authorised and empowered to:

- I. (a) allot  and issue shares in the capital of the Company (' Shares ')  whether by way of rights, bonus or otherwise; and/or
2. (b) make  or  grant  offers,  agreements  or  options  (collectively,  ' Instruments ')  that might  or  would  require  Shares  to  be  issued  including  but  not  limited,  to  the creation and issue of (as well as adjustments to) options, warrants, debentures, or other instruments convertible into Shares; and/or
3. (c) notwithstanding that such authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to  be  in  force  at  the  time  the  Instruments  are  to  be  issued,  issue  additional Instruments previously issued in the event of rights, bonus or other capitalisation issues,  provided  that  the  adjustments  do  not  give  the  holder  a  benefit  that  a shareholder does not receive,

at  any  time  and  upon  such  terms  and  conditions  and  for  such  purposes  and  to  such persons as the Directors may in their absolute discretion deem fit; and

- II. (notwithstanding that the authority conferred by this Resolution may have ceased to be in force) issue Shares in pursuance of any Instrument made or granted by the Directors while this Resolution was in force,

## provided that:

- (a) the  aggregate  number  of  Shares  to  be  issued  pursuant  to  this  Resolution (including  Shares  to  be  issued  in  pursuance  of  Instruments,  made  or  granted pursuant to this Resolution), shall not exceed 50% of the total number of issued Shares in the capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings)  (as  calculated  in  accordance  with  sub-paragraph  (b)  below),  of  which the aggregate number of Shares to be issued other than on a pro-rata basis to the existing shareholders of the Company (including Shares to be issued in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) shall not exceed 20% of  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  in  the  capital  of  the  Company  (excluding treasury  shares  and  subsidiary  holdings)  (as  calculated  in  accordance  with sub-paragraph (b) below);

Resolution 12

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (b) (subject to such manner of calculation as may be prescribed by the SGX-ST) for the purpose  of  determining  the  aggregate  number  of  Shares  (including  Shares  to  be issued in pursuance of the Instruments, made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) that  may  be  issued  under  sub-paragraph  (a)  above,  the  percentage  of  the  total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) shall be based on the total number of issued Shares in the capital of the Company (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) at the time this Resolution is passed, after adjusting for:
- (i) new  Shares  arising  from  the  conversion  or  exercise  of  any  convertible securities;
- (ii) new Shares arising from exercising of share options or vesting of share awards,  provided  the  share  options  or  share  awards  (as  the  case  may be) were granted in compliance with Part VIII of Chapter 8 of the Listing Manual; and
- (iii) any subsequent bonus issue, consolidation or subdivision of Shares;

adjustments  in  accordance  with  (b)(i)  and  (b)(ii)  above  are  only  to  be  made  in respect  of  new  Shares  arising  from  convertible  securities,  share  options  or share awards which were issued and outstanding or subsisting at the time this Resolution is passed;

- (c) in exercising the authority conferred by this Resolution, the Company shall comply with the provisions of the Listing Manual for the time being in force (unless such compliance has been waived by the SGX-ST), and all applicable legal requirements under the Companies Act and the Constitution for the time being of the Company; and
- (d) the  authority  conferred  by  this  Resolution  shall,  unless  revoked  or  varied  by  the Company  in  general  meeting,  continue  to  be  in  force  until  the  conclusion  of  the Company's next annual general meeting or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.'

(See Explanatory Note 10)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- 13.
- Authority to allot and issue Shares under the Rex International Employee Share Option Scheme (' Share Option Scheme ') Resolution 13

'THAT pursuant to Section 161 of the Companies Act, authority be and is hereby given to the Directors of the Company to allot and issue from time to time such number of Shares as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the exercise of options, provided always that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Share Option Scheme, and where applicable, the total number of existing Shares which may be purchased from the market for delivery pursuant to the awards granted under the Share Option Scheme, when added to the number of Shares issued and issuable in respect of all options granted under the Share Option Scheme, and including the Rex PSP (as defined herein), and any other share option schemes of the  Company, shall  not  exceed  15%  of  the  total  number  of  issued  Shares  (excluding  treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) on the day preceding that date of the relevant grant of an option under the Share Option Scheme. Such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.'

(See Explanatory Note 11)

14. Authority to allot and issue Shares under the Rex International Performance Share Plan (' Rex PSP ') Resolution 14

'THAT  pursuant  to  Section  161  of  the  Companies  Act,  authority  be  and  is  hereby  given  to  the Directors of the Company to allot and issue from time to time such number of Shares as may be required to be allotted and issued pursuant to the awards granted under the Rex PSP, provided always that the aggregate number of Shares to be allotted and issued pursuant to the Rex PSP, and where applicable, the total number of existing Shares which may be purchased from the market for delivery pursuant to the awards granted under the Rex PSP, when added to the number of Shares issued and issuable in respect of all awards granted under the Rex PSP, and including the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company, shall not exceed 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) on the day preceding that date of grant of the relevant awards under the Rex PSP. Such authority shall, unless revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, continue in force until the conclusion of the next AGM of the Company or the date by which the next AGM of the Company is required by law to be held, whichever is earlier.'

(See Explanatory Note 12)

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

15. Proposed Renewal of the Share Buyback Mandate

'THAT,

- (a) for  the  purposes  of  the  Companies  Act  and  the  Listing  Manual,  the  exercise  by  the Directors  of  the  Company  of  all  the  powers  of  the  Company  to  purchase  or  otherwise acquire ordinary shares in the share capital of the Company (' Shares ')  not  exceeding, in aggregate, the Maximum Limit (as defined herein), at such price(s) as may be determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price (as defined herein), whether by way of:
- (i) on-market purchases (' Market Purchases '),  transacted on the SGX-ST through the SGX-ST's trading system or, as the case may be, any other stock exchange on which the Shares may, for the time being, be listed and quoted through one or more duly licensed dealers appointed by the Company for the purpose; and/or
- (ii) off-market purchases (' Off-Market Purchases ') in accordance with an equal access scheme(s),  which  scheme(s)  shall  satisfy  all  the  conditions  prescribed  by  the Companies Act and the Listing Manual,

and otherwise in accordance with all other laws and regulations, including but not limited to, the provisions of the Companies Act and the Listing Manual, as may for the time being be applicable, be and is hereby authorised and approved generally and unconditionally (the ' Share Buyback Mandate ');

- (b) unless varied or revoked by the shareholders of the Company (' Shareholders ') in a general meeting, the authority conferred on the Directors pursuant to the Share Buyback Mandate may be exercised by the Directors, at any time and from time to time, during the period commencing from the passing of this Resolution and expiring on the earliest of:
- (i) the date on which the next annual general meeting is held or is required by law to be held; or
- (ii) the date on which the purchases or acquisitions of Shares are carried out to the full extent of the Share Buyback Mandate; or
- (iii) the  date  on  which  the  authority  conferred  by  the  Share  Buyback  Mandate  is revoked or varied by the Shareholders in a general meeting,

(the ' Relevant Period ');

Resolution 15

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (c) in this Resolution:

' Maximum  Limit '  means  the  number  of  Shares  representing  not  more  than  10%  of the  issued  ordinary  shares  of  the  Company  (excluding  treasury  shares  and  subsidiary holdings)  as  at  the  date  of  this  Resolution  at  which  the  Share  Buyback  Mandate  is approved,  unless  the  Company  has,  at  any  time  during  the  Relevant  Period,  effected a  reduction  of  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  applicable provisions  of  the  Companies  Act,  in  which  event  the  issued  ordinary  share  capital  of the Company shall be taken to be the amount of the issued ordinary share capital of the Company as altered (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings that may be held by the Company from time to time);

' Maximum Price '  to  be  paid  for  the  Shares to be purchased or acquired by the Company must not exceed:

- (i) in the case of a Market Purchase, 105% of the Average Closing Market Price; and
- (ii) in the case of an Off-Market Purchase pursuant to an equal access scheme, 120% of the Average Closing Market Price,

in  either  case,  excluding  related  expenses  of  the  purchase  or  the  acquisition  (such  as brokerage, stamp duties, commission, applicable goods and services tax);

' Average Closing Market Price ' means the average of the closing market prices of a Share over  the  last  five  (5)  Market  Days  on  which  transactions  in  the  Shares  were  recorded, before the day on which the purchase or acquisition of the Shares was made, or as the case may be, the day of the making of the offer pursuant to the Off-Market Purchase, and deemed to be adjusted for any corporate action that occurs during the relevant five-day period and the day on which the purchases or acquisition are made;

' day of the making of the offer '  means the day on which the Company announces its intention to make an offer for the purchase or acquisition of Shares from Shareholders, stating the purchase price (which shall not be more than the Maximum Price calculated on the foregoing basis) for each Share and the relevant terms of the equal access scheme for effecting the Off-Market Purchase; and

' Market Day ' means a day on which the SGX-ST is open for trading in securities.

- (d) the Directors of the Company be and are hereby authorised to complete and do all such acts  and  things  (including  without  limitation,  executing  such  documents  as  may  be required) as they may consider desirable, expedient or necessary to give effect to this Resolution.

(See Explanatory Note 13)

16. To transact any other business as may properly be transacted at an annual general meeting of the Company.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## NOTICE OF RECORD AND PAYMENT DATES FOR THE FINAL DIVIDEND

NOTICE IS ALSO HEREBY GIVEN THAT, subject to the shareholders' approval for the proposed tax exempt (one-tier) final dividend of 0.5 Singapore cents per ordinary share for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 (' Final Dividend ') at this AGM, the Share Transfer Books and the Register of Members of the Company will be closed on 9 May 2023 at 5.00 p.m., for the purposes of determining shareholders' entitlements to the Final Dividend. Duly completed transfers of shares received by the Company's Share Registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share Registration Services (a division of Tricor Singapore Pte. Ltd.) of 80 Robinson Road, #11-02, Singapore 068898, up to 5.00 p.m. on 9 May 2023 will be registered to determine shareholders' entitlement to the Final Dividend. Shareholders whose securities accounts with The Central Depository (Pte) Limited are credited with shares as at 5.00 p.m. on 9 May 2023 will be entitled to the Final Dividend. The Final Dividend, if approved at this AGM will be paid on 24 May 2023.

By Order of the Board

Kong Wei Fung Company Secretary

Singapore 30 March 2023

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## EXPLANATORY NOTES:

- (1) Resolution 3, if passed, will facilitate the payment of Directors' fees of S$807,433/- for the financial year ending 31  December  2023  on  a  quarterly  basis  in  arrears.  The  amount  of  Directors'  fees  is  computed  based  on  the anticipated number of Board and Board Committee meetings for the financial year ending 31 December 2023, including attendances and the positions held by the Non-Executive Directors in various board committees, and assuming that all Non-Executive Directors will hold office for the full financial year. In the event the amount of Directors' fees proposed is insufficient, for example, in the event of unscheduled Board meetings or enlarged board sizes, approval will be sought at next year's annual general meeting for additional fees before payments are made to Directors to meet the shortfall.
- (2) The shareholders of the Company had approved the payment of Directors' fees of S$621,383/- for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 29 April 2022. The additional Directors' fees of S$95,830/- are payable to all Directors due to insufficient approved Directors' fees as a result of the enlarged board size.
- (3) The additional remuneration of S$675,000/- is a performance bonus for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 and is made pursuant to the achievement of the performance targets, set and approved by the Remuneration Committee and the Board. Resolution 5 if passed, each Non-Executive Director, Mr Sin Boon Ann, Dr Christopher Atkinson, Ms Mae Heng, Mr John d'Abo and Dr Mathias Lidgren, will be paid an equal amount of S$135,000 in 2023.
- (4) Mr  Dan  Broström  will,  upon  re-election  as  a  Director  of  the  Company,  remain  as  Executive  Chairman  of  the Company, and member of the Audit and Remuneration Committees. The Board of Directors considers him to be non-independent for the purpose of Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual.
- (5) Mr Sin Boon Ann will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as Lead Independent Non-Executive Director  of  the  Company,  Chairman  of  the  Nominating  and  Remuneration  Committees  and  member  of  Audit Committee.  The  Board  of  Directors  considers  him  to  be  independent  for  the  purpose  of  Rule  704(8)  of  the Listing Manual.
- (6) Ms Mae Heng will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and Chairperson of the Audit Committee. The Board of Directors considers her to be independent for the purpose of Rule 704(8) of the Listing Manual.
- (7) Mr John d'Abo will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company, and member of the Remuneration and Nominating Committees.
- (8) Dr Mathias Lidgren will, upon re-election as a Director of the Company, remain as Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company and member of the Nominating Committee.

Further information of the retiring directors can be found under 'Board of Directors' and 'Corporate Governance Report' sections of the Company's Annual Report.

- (9) Resolution 11 is to approve the appointment of Deloitte &amp; Touche LLP (' Deloitte ')  as  the  external  auditor  of  the Company for the financial year ending 31 December 2023 in place of KPMG LLP (' KPMG ')  (the ' Proposed Change of Auditors ')  and  to  authorise the Directors to fix their remuneration. Please refer to the appendix to this Notice of AGM dated 30 March 2023 which sets out, among others, information on and the specific reasons for the Proposed Change of Auditors (the ' Change of Auditors Appendix ').

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

In accordance with the requirements of 1203(5) of the Listing Manual:

- (a) the outgoing Auditors, KPMG, has confirmed in its professional clearance letter that they are not aware of any professional reasons why Deloitte should not accept appointment as auditors;
- (b) the Company confirms that there were no disagreements with the outgoing auditors, KPMG, on accounting treatments within the last twelve (12) months;
- (c) the Company confirms that it is not aware of any circumstances connected with the Proposed Change of Auditors that should be brought to the attention of Shareholders;
- (d) the specific reasons for the Proposed Change of Auditors are as set out in paragraph 2.1 of the Change of Auditors Appendix; and
- (e) the Company confirms that it is in compliance with Rules 712 and 715 of the Listing Manual in connection with the appointment of Deloitte as incoming auditors.
- (10) Resolution 12, if passed, will empower the Directors, from the date of the AGM until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is  the  earlier,  to  allot  and  issue  Shares,  make  or  grant  Instruments convertible into shares and to issue Shares pursuant to such Instruments, without seeking any further approval from shareholders in general meeting but within the limitation imposed by this Resolution, for such purposes as the Directors of the Company may consider would be in the best interests of the Company. The aggregate number of Shares (including Shares to be made in pursuance of Instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) to be allotted and issued would not exceed 50% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of passing of this Resolution. For issue of Shares (including Shares to be made in pursuance of instruments made or granted pursuant to this Resolution) other than on a pro-rata basis to all shareholders, the aggregate number of shares shall not exceed 20% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) in the capital of the Company at the time of the passing of this Resolution.
- (11) Resolution 13, if passed, will empower the Directors, from the date of the AGM until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied and revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is  the  earlier,  to  allot  and  issue  Shares pursuant to the exercise of Options granted and such other share-based incentive scheme or share plan (including the total number of existing Shares which may be purchased from the market for delivery pursuant to the options granted) up to a number not exceeding, in total, 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) on the day preceding that date of the relevant grant.
- (12) Resolution 14, if passed, will empower the Directors, from the date of the AGM until the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, or the date by which the next annual general meeting of the Company is required by law to be held or such authority is varied or revoked by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is the earlier, to allot and issue Shares pursuant to the vesting of awards under the Rex PSP and such other sharebased incentive scheme or share plan (including the total number of existing Shares which may be purchased from the market for delivery pursuant to the awards granted) up to a number not exceeding, in total, 15% of the total number of issued Shares (excluding treasury shares and subsidiary holdings) on the day preceding that date of the relevant grant.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

- (13) Resolution 15, if passed, will empower the Directors, from the date of the AGM up to the earliest of (a) the date on which the next annual general meeting of the Company is held or is required by law to be held; (b) the date on which the purchases or acquisitions of Shares are carried out to the full extent of the Share Buyback Mandate; or (c)  the  date  on  which  the  authority  conferred  by  the  Share  Buyback  Mandate  is  revoked  or  varied  by  the Shareholders in a general meeting, to purchase or otherwise acquire Shares by way of Market Purchase or OffMarket Purchase not exceeding, in aggregate, the Maximum Limit and at such price(s) as may be determined by the Directors from time to time up to the Maximum Price. Information relating to Resolution 15 is set out in the appendix dated 30 March 2023 (' Share Buyback Appendix ').  All  capitalised  terms  used  in  Resolution  15  which are not defined therein shall have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Share Buyback Appendix, unless otherwise defined herein or where the context otherwise requires.

## Notes:

The AGM is being convened, and will be held, by way of electronic means pursuant to COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative  Arrangements  for  Meetings  for  Companies,  Variable  Capital  Companies,  Business  Trusts,  Unit  Trusts  and Debenture Holders) Order 2020 of the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) Act 2020 and the Joint Statement by the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority, the Monetary Authority of Singapore and the Singapore Exchange Regulation issued on 13 April 2020 (as updated from time to time) which included a checklist to guide listed and non-listed entities on the conduct of general meetings (the ' Regulations ').  Shareholders will not be allowed to attend the AGM in person and no Shareholder or their corporate representative(s) will be admitted to the AGM.

## Appointment of Proxies

A Shareholder entitled to attend and vote at the AGM, who is not a relevant intermediary as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967, is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote in his/her/its stead. Where a Shareholder appoints more than one proxy, the Shareholder must specify the proportion of shareholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy. If no proportion of shareholdings is specified, the proxy whose name appears first  shall  be  deemed to carry one hundred per cent (100%) of the shareholdings of his/her/its appointor and the proxy whose name appears after shall be deemed to be appointed in the alternate.

A Shareholder who is a relevant intermediary entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote instead of the Shareholder, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different Share or Shares held by such Shareholder. Where such Shareholder appoints more than two proxies, it should annex to the Proxy Form the list of proxies, setting out, in respect of each proxy, the name, address, email address, NRIC/ Passport Number and proportion of shareholdings (number of shares and percentage) in relation to which each proxy has been appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, a CPF Agent Bank/SRS Operator who intends to appoint CPF/SRS investors as its proxies shall comply with this paragraph. The appointments shall be invalid unless the Shareholder specifies the number of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed in the Proxy Form.

Shareholders may also vote at the AGM by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to vote on their behalf.

The proxy form must be submitted in the following manner:

- (a) if  submitted  by  post,  via  lodgement  at  the  office  of  the  Company's  Share  Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share Registration Services (a division of Tricor Singapore Pte Ltd) at 80 Robinson Road, #11-02, Singapore 068898; or
- (b) if submitted electronically, via email to the Company's Share Registrar at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com; or
- (c) through the registration website accessible via https://www.rexih.com in electronic form,

in each case, no later than 3.00 p.m. on Wednesday, 26 April 2023, being not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM and in default, the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

A Shareholder who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the proxy form, before submitting it in any manner provided above. The proxy form can be downloaded from SGXNet or the Company's website at https://www.rexih.com. Shareholders are strongly encouraged to submit completed proxy forms electronically via email or through the registration website accessible via https://www.rexih.com.

In  the  case  of  Shareholders  whose  Shares  are  entered  against  their  names  in  the  Depository  Register,  the  Company may reject any proxy form lodged if such Shareholders are not shown to have Shares entered against their names in the Depository Register, as at 72 hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM, as certified by The Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company.

## Registration for the AGM

Shareholders, Proxyholders and CPF and SRS investors attending the electronic AGM by way of Live Webcast or audioonly feed via telephone will be able to observe and/or listen to the AGM proceedings via their mobile phones, tablets or computers.

All  Shareholders and CPF and SRS investors who wish to attend the live AGM are required to register via the registration website accessible via https://www.rexih.com for verification purposes by 3.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 25 April 2023.

Shareholders who are appointing Proxyholder(s) to attend the live AGM should register his/her/its Proxyholder(s) via the registration website accessible via https://www.rexih.com by 3.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 25 April 2023, being 72 hours before the time fixed for the AGM, failing which the appointment shall be invalid.

Following  verification  by  the  Company,  authenticated  Shareholders,  Proxyholders  and  CPF  and  SRS  investors  will  be provided with the Confirmation Email for the AGM via their respective e-mail addresses provided during registration or as indicated in their respective Proxy Forms to attend the AGM.

Shareholders,  Proxyholders  and  CPF  and  SRS  investors  who  have  registered  by  the  deadline  of  3.00  p.m.  on  Tuesday, 25 April 2023 but have not received the Confirmation Email by 3.00 p.m. on Thursday, 27 April 2023 should immediately contact the Company at rex-agm@ryt-poll.com / info@rexih.com or at +65 6329 2745 (during office hours, and in any event, no later than 2.00 p.m. on Friday, 28 April 2023), for assistance.

## Submission of questions in advance of, or live at the AGM

Shareholders, Proxyholders and CPF and SRS investors who wish to ask questions should do so in the following manner:

- (a) if attending the Live Webcast (and not the audio-only feed via telephone), Shareholders, Proxyholders and CPF and SRS investors will be able to ask questions at the AGM by submitting text-based questions via the Live Webcast by clicking on the 'Ask Question' feature, followed by 'Type Your Question' and thereafter, selecting a resolution to enter the text-based question; or
- (b) by submitting questions to the Chairman of the AGM related to the resolution(s) to be tabled for approval at the AGM, in advance of the AGM.

Shareholders, Proxyholders and CPF and SRS investors are encouraged to submit questions related to the resolution(s) in advance of the AGM, in the following manner only by 5.00 p.m. on Tuesday, 18 April 2023:

- (i) via the registration form accessible via https://www.rexih.com; or
- (ii) via email to the Company at info@rexih.com; or
- (iii) by post to 1 George Street, #14-01, Singapore 049145, attention to Rex AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

Shareholders,  Proxyholders  and  CPF  and  SRS  investors  who  submit  questions  via  email  must  provide  the  following information for authentication:

1. the Shareholder's full name;
2. the Shareholder's address; and
3. the manner in which the Shareholder holds Shares in the Company (e.g., via CDP, CPF or SRS).

All  substantive and relevant questions related to the resolutions to be tabled for approval at the AGM received by the submission deadline, 18 April 2023, will be addressed and published by 21 April 2023 via SGXNet and at the Company's website at https://www.rexih.com. This is to allow Shareholders sufficient time and opportunity to consider the Company's responses before the deadline for the submission of proxy forms, which is 3.00 p.m. on 26 April 2023. Any subsequent clarification sought, or substantive and relevant questions which are submitted after 5.00 p.m. on 18 April 2023 will be consolidated and addressed at the AGM.

## Voting

Live  voting  will  be  conducted  during  the  AGM  for  Shareholders  and  Proxyholders  attending  the  Live  Webcast  (and  not the audio-only feed via telephone). It is important for Shareholders and Proxyholders to have their web-browser enabled devices ready for voting during the Live Webcast.

Shareholders and Proxyholders will be required to log-in via their respective email addresses provided during registration or as indicated in their respective Proxy Forms.

- (a) Live voting: Shareholders and Proxyholders attending the Live Webcast (and not the audio-only feed via telephone) may cast their votes in real time via the live voting feature in the Live Webcast for each resolution to be tabled through the login credentials provided in their respective Confirmation Emails. Shareholders and Proxyholders must have a web-browser enabled device in order to cast their votes.
- (b) Pre-casting of votes: Shareholders and Proxyholders may log into the URL provided in their respective Confirmation Emails and pre-cast their votes in advance of the meeting.
- (c) Voting via appointing the Chairman of the AGM as Proxy: As an alternative to the above, Shareholders may also vote at the AGM by appointing the Chairman of the AGM as his/her/its proxy to vote on their behalf. Please refer to 'Appointment of Proxies' above for the manner of submission.

## Relevant intermediaries

Persons who hold Shares through relevant intermediaries, and who wish to participate in the AGM by (a) observing and/or listening to the AGM proceedings through the Live Webcast and/or audio-only feed via telephone; (b) submitting questions in advance of the AGM; (c) submitting questions during the AGM; and/or (d) voting at the AGM, should contact the relevant intermediary through which they hold such Shares as soon as possible in order to make the necessary arrangements for them to participate in the AGM.

In addition, CPF and SRS investors:

- (a) may vote live via electronic means at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or
- (b) may appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks or SRS Operators to submit their votes by 5.00 p.m. on Wednesday, 19 April 2023, being seven working days before the date of the AGM.

## NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

## Further information

A proxy need not be a Shareholder. The Chairman of the AGM, as proxy, need not be a Shareholder.

Printed  copies  of  the  appendices,  this  Notice  of  AGM  and  the  proxy  form  (collectively,  the  ' Documents ')  will  not  be sent  to  Shareholders.  Instead,  the  Documents  will  be  published  electronically  on  the  Company's  website  at  the  URL https://investor.rexih.com and on the SGX website at the URL https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements.

The Company reserves the right to take such precautionary measures as may be appropriate at the AGM, including any precautionary  measures  as  may  be  required  or  recommended  by  government  agencies  or  the  Singapore  Exchange Regulation from time to time, at short notice. Shareholders are advised to regularly check the Company's website at https://investor.rexih.com or announcements released on SGXNet for updates on the AGM.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY

By (a) submitting a proxy form appointing a proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the AGM and/ or  any  adjournment thereof; or (b) submitting any question prior to the AGM; or (c) submitting the registration form in accordance with this Notice, a Shareholder (i) agrees that he/she/it will indemnify the Company in respect of any penalties, liabilities,  claims, demands, losses and damages as a result of his/her/its breach of warranty; and (ii) consents to the collection, use and disclosure of the Shareholder's and/or the proxy's/proxies' personal data by the Company (or its agents or service providers) for the purposes of:

- I. processing and administering the proxy forms for the AGM (including any adjournment thereof);
- II. processing the registration forms for the purposes of granting access to Shareholders for the Live Webcast or live audio-only feed via telephone, and providing viewers with any technical assistance, where necessary;
- III. addressing selected substantive questions from Shareholders received before the AGM and if necessary, following up with the relevant Shareholders in relation to such questions;
- IV. preparing and compiling the attendance lists, minutes and other documents relating to the AGM (including any adjournment thereof); and
- V. enabling  the  Company  (or  its  agents  or  service  providers)  to  comply  with  any  applicable  laws,  listing  rules, regulations and/or guidelines.

## REX INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Republic of Singapore) (Company Registration No.: 201301242M)

## IMPORTANT:

1. The Annual General Meeting (' AGM ') is being convened, and will be held, by way of electronic means pursuant to the COVID-19 (Temporary Measures) (Alternative Arrangements for Meetings for Companies, Variable Capital Companies, Business Trusts, Unit Trusts and Debenture Holders) Order 2020.
2. Alternative arrangements relating to, among others, attendance at the AGM, submission of questions in advance of, or live at the AGM, and/or voting at the AGM are set out in the Notice of AGM dated 30 March 2023.
3. The Notice of AGM and this form of proxy (' Proxy Form ')  have  been  made  available  on  the  Company's  website  at  https://investor.rexih.com  and  on  the  SGX  website  at https://www.sgx.com/securities/company-announcements. Printed copies of the appendices, Notice of AGM and this Proxy Form will not be sent to members.
4. As the AGM is held by way of electronic means, a member will NOT be able to attend the AGM in person.
5. This Proxy Form is not valid for use by investors who buy shares using CPF monies (' CPF Investors ')  and/or SRS monies (' SRS investors ')  (as  may be applicable) and shall be ineffective for all intents and purposes if used or purported to be used by them. CPF Investors and/or SRS investors: (a) may vote live via electronic means at the AGM if they are appointed as proxies by their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies, or (b) may appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators to submit their votes at least seven (7) working days before the AGM.

I/We*,

Company Registration No.) of

(Address) being a member/members* of REX INTERNATIONAL HOLDING LIMITED (the ' Company '), hereby appoint

Name

Address

Email Address**

and/or*

Name

Address

Email Address**

or, failing whom the Chairman of the AGM* as my/our* proxy/proxies* to attend and to vote for or against, or to abstain from voting on the Ordinary Resolutions to be proposed at the AGM as indicated hereunder, for me/us* on my/our* behalf, at the AGM to be held by way of electronic means on Friday, 28 April 2023 at 3.00 p.m. (Singapore time) and at any adjournment thereof. If no specific direction as to voting is given, the proxy/proxies will vote or abstain from voting at his/her/their discretion, as he/she/they may on any other matter arising at the AGM.

| No.  Resolutions  For #  Against #  Abstain #  ORDINARY BUSINESS  1.  To  receive  and  adopt  the  Directors'  Statement  and  Audited  Financial  Statements  of  the  Company  for  the  financial year ended 31 December 2022 together with the Auditors' Report thereon  2.  To declare a tax exempt (one-tier) final dividend of 0.5 Singapore cents per ordinary share for the financial  year ended 31 December 2022  3.  To approve the payment of Directors' fees of S$807,433/- for the financial year ending 31 December 2023,  payable quarterly in arrears  4.  To approve the payment of additional Directors' fees of S$95,830/- for the financial year ended 31 December 2022  5.  To  approve  the  payment  of  additional  remuneration  of  S$675,000/-  to  non-executive  directors  for  the  financial year ended 31 December 2022  6.  To re-appoint Dan Broström who is retiring by rotation pursuant to Regulation 93 of the Company's Constitution  7.  To re-elect Sin Boon Ann who is retiring by rotation pursuant to Regulation 93 of the Company's Constitution  8.  To re-elect Heng Su-Ling Mae who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 99 of the Company's Constitution  9.  To re-elect John Gerard Nicholas d'Abo who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 99 of the Company's Constitution  10.  To re-elect Mathias Lars Ove Lidgren who is retiring pursuant to Regulation 99 of the Company's Constitution  11.  To  appoint  Deloitte  &amp;  Touche  LLP  as  auditors  of  the  Company  to  hold  office  until  the  conclusion  of  the  next  annual  general  meeting  of  the  Company  and  to  authorise  the  Directors  of  the  Company  to  fix  their  remuneration  SPECIAL BUSINESS  12.  To approve the authority to allot and issue shares  13.  To approve the authority to allot and issue shares under the Rex International Employee Share Option Scheme  14.  To approve the authority to allot and issue shares under the Rex International Performance Share Plan  15.  To approve Proposed Renewal of the Share Buyback Mandate   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes:

* Delete accordingly

** Required for registration purposes. The Confirmation Email will be sent to the email address(es) disclosed herein.

#  Voting will be conducted by poll.

If you wish to exercise all your votes 'For' or 'Against' the relevant resolution, please indicate with 'X' within the relevant box provided. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes 'For' or 'Against' in the 'For' or 'Against' box in respect of that resolution. If you wish the proxy to abstain from voting on a resolution, please indicate with 'X' in the 'Abstain' box for a particular resolution. Alternatively, please indicate the number of votes that your proxy is directed to abstain from voting in the 'Abstain' box for a particular resolution. Where the Chairman of the AGM is appointed as proxy and in the absence of specific directions in respect of a resolution, the appointment of the Chairman of the AGM as your proxy for that resolution will be treated as invalid.

Dated this day of 2023

Signature of Member(s) or Common Seal

NRIC/Passport Number

NRIC/Passport Number

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

Proportion of Shareholdings

No. of Shares

%

(Name)

(NRIC  No./Passport  No./

## ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING PROXY FORM

Total No. of Shares in

CDP Register

Register of Members

No. of Shares

## NOTES:

1. A shareholder of the Company (' Shareholder ') entitled to attend and vote at the AGM, who is not a relevant intermediary (as defined in Section 181 of the Companies Act 1967), is entitled to appoint one or two proxies to attend and vote in his/her/ its stead. Where a Shareholder appoints more than one proxy, the Shareholder must specify the proportion of shareholding (expressed as a percentage of the whole) to be represented by each proxy. If no proportion of shareholdings is specified, the proxy whose name appears first shall be deemed to carry one hundred per cent (100%) of the shareholdings of his/her/ its appointor and the proxy whose name appears after shall be deemed to be appointed in the alternate.
2. A Shareholder who is a relevant intermediary entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint more than two proxies to attend and vote instead of the Shareholder, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a different share in the Company (' Share ') or Shares held by such Shareholder. Where such Shareholder appoints more than two proxies, it should annex to the Proxy Form the list of proxies, setting out, in respect of each proxy, the name, address, email address, NRIC/Passport Number and proportion of shareholdings (number of Shares and percentage) in relation to which each proxy has been appointed. For the avoidance of doubt, a CPF Agent Bank/SRS Operator who intends to appoint CPF/SRS investors as its proxies shall comply with this Note. The appointments shall be invalid unless the Shareholder specifies the number of Shares in relation to which each proxy has been appointed in the Proxy Form.
3. A proxy need not be a Shareholder. The Chairman of the AGM, as proxy, need not be a Shareholder.
4. The Proxy Form must be submitted in the following manner:
5. (a) if  submitted  by  post,  via  lodgement  at  the  office  of  the  Company's  Share  Registrar,  Tricor  Barbinder  Share Registration Services (a division of Tricor Singapore Pte Ltd) at 80 Robinson Road, #11-02, Singapore 068898; or
6. (b) if submitted electronically, via email to the Company's Share Registrar at sg.is.proxy@sg.tricorglobal.com; or
7. (c) through the registration website accessible via https://www.rexih.com in electronic form,

in each case, by 3.00 p.m. on 26 April 2023, being not less than 48 hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM and in default, the instrument of proxy shall not be treated as valid.

A  Shareholder who wishes to submit an instrument of proxy must first download, complete and sign the Proxy Form, before submitting it in any manner provided above. The Proxy Form can be downloaded from SGXNet or the Company's website at https://www.rexih.com.

## Shareholders  are  strongly  encouraged  to  submit  completed  proxy  forms  electronically  via  email  or  through  the registration website accessible via https://www.rexih.com.

5. The Proxy Form must be executed under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duly authorised in writing. Where the Proxy Form is executed by a corporation, it must be executed either under its common seal or under the hand of an attorney or a duly authorised officer or in such manner as appropriate under applicable laws, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
6. Where the Proxy Form is signed or authorised on behalf of the appointor by an attorney, the letter or power of attorney or a duly certified copy thereof must (failing previous registration with the Company) be lodged with the Proxy Form, failing which the instrument may be treated as invalid.
7. CPF Investors and/or SRS investors: (a) may vote live via electronic means at the AGM, or pre-cast their votes via the URL provided in their  respective  Confirmation  Emails  in  advance  of  the  meeting,  if  they  are  appointed  as  proxies  by their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators, and should contact their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators if they have any queries regarding their appointment as proxies; or (b) may appoint the Chairman of the AGM as proxy to vote on their behalf at the AGM, in which case they should approach their respective CPF Agent Banks and/or SRS Operators to submit their voting instructions by 5.00 p.m. on 19 April 2023, being seven working days before the AGM.
8. Completion and return of the Proxy Form shall not preclude a Shareholder from attending, speaking and voting at the AGM. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies shall be deemed to be revoked if a Shareholder attends the live AGM, and in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the Proxy Form, to the live AGM.
9. A  Shareholder should insert the total number of Shares held in the Proxy Form. If the Shareholder has Shares entered against  his/her  name  in  the  Depository  Register  maintained  by  The  Central  Depository  (Pte)  Limited  (' CDP '),  he/she should insert that number of Shares. If the Shareholder has Shares registered in his/her name in the Register of Members of  the  Company,  he/she  should  insert  that  number  of  Shares.  If  the  Shareholder  has  Shares  entered  against  his/her name in the Depository Register and registered in his/her name in the Register of Members, he/she should insert the aggregate number of Shares. If no number is inserted, the Proxy Form will be deemed to relate to all the Shares held by the Shareholder.
10. Any reference to a time of day is made by reference to Singapore time.

## GENERAL:

The Company shall be entitled to reject the Proxy Form if it is incomplete, improperly completed, illegible or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainable from the instructions of the appointor specified in the Proxy Form (such as in the case where the appointor submits more than one instrument of proxy). In addition, in the case of a member whose Shares are entered against his/her name in the Depository Register, the Company may reject any Proxy Form lodged if such members are not shown to have Shares as entered against his/her name in the Depository Register at 72 hours before the time fixed for holding the AGM as certified by CDP to the Company.

## PERSONAL DATA PRIVACY:

By submitting the Proxy Form, the Shareholder accepts and agrees to the personal data privacy terms set out in the Notice of AGM dated 30 March 2023.

## DISCLAIMER

This Annual Report to Shareholders may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual future performance, outcome and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements as a result of a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Representative examples of these factors include (without limitation) general industry and economic conditions, interest rate trends, cost of capital and capital availability, availability of real estate properties, competition from other companies and venues for the sale/distribution of goods and services, shifts in customer demands, customers and partners, changes in operating expenses, including employee wages, benefits and training, governmental and public policy changes and the continued availability of financing in the amounts and the terms necessary to support future business. There is no assurance that Rex Virtual Drilling will consistently deliver accurate analyses and results, as it is dependent on many external factors such as data quality. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are based on the current view of management of future events.

<!-- image -->

Rex International Holding Limited  I  Co. Reg. No. 201301242M  I 1 George Street #14-01 Singapore 049145   I   www.rexih.com