<!-- image -->

ANNUAL REPORT O 2022

## S.A.I. LEISURE GROUP COMPANY LIMITED

(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

Stock Code: 1832

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## CONTENTS

| Corporate Information  2  Financial Calendar and Investor Relation Information  4  Key Financial Highlights  5  Chairman's Statement  6  Management Discussion and Analysis  10  Management Executives  21  Report of Directors  25  Principal Risks and Uncertainties  42  Environmental, Social and Governance Report  44  Corporate Governance Report  81  Independent Auditor's Report  99  Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and  Other Comprehensive Income  104  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position  105  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity  107  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  108  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements  110  Five Year Financial Summary  170   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In case of any inconsistency between the English version and the Chinese version of this annual report, the English version shall prevail.

## Corporate Information

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Executive Directors

Dr. TAN Henry, BBS, JP (Vice Chairman and CEO)

Mr. CHIU George

Mrs. SU TAN Jennifer Sze Tink

Mr. SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William

## Non-Executive Directors

Dr. TAN Siu Lin, SBS

(Chairman)

Mr. TAN Willie

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert

Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung

Mr. WONG Chun Tat, JP

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung

Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert

Mr. WONG Chun Tat, JP

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert (Chairman)

Mr. WONG Chun Tat, JP

Dr. TAN Henry, BBS, JP

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

Mr. WONG Chun Tat, JP (Chairman)

Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert

Dr. TAN Henry, BBS, JP

## CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Dr. TAN Siu Lin, SBS

## COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. CHEUNG Pik Shan Bonnie

## AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

(for the purpose of the Listing Rules) Dr. TAN Henry, BBS, JP Ms. CHEUNG Pik Shan Bonnie

(Chairman)

## LEGAL ADVISERS TO OUR COMPANY

As to Hong Kong laws

## Deacons

5th Floor Alexandra House 18 Chater Road Central, Hong Kong

As to CNMI and Guam laws

## Blair Sterling Johnson &amp; Martinez, P.C.

238 Archbishop Flores Street Suite 1008 Hagåtña Guam 96910-5205

## AUDITOR

## Ernst &amp; Young

Certified Public Accountants Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor 27th Floor, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

## REGISTERED OFFICE

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS REGISTERED UNDER PART 16 OF THE COMPANIES ORDINANCE

5/F, Nanyang Plaza 57 Hung To Road Kwun Tong, Kowloon Hong Kong

## PRINCIPAL BANKERS

Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited Bank of Hawaii, Hagatna Branch Bank of Hawaii, Gualo Rai Branch First Hawaiian Bank, Gualo Rai Branch The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited

## Principal Share Registrar and Transfer Office

## Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited

Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive P.O. Box 2681 Grand Cayman KY1-1111 Cayman Islands

## Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar and Transfer Office

## Tricor Investor Services Limited

Level 54, Hopewell Centre 183 Queen's Road East Hong Kong

## Corporate Information

## Financial Calendar and Investor Relation Information

Announcement of 2022 Final Results

March 30, 2023

Announcement of 2022 Interim Results

August 30, 2022

Dividends

2022 Final

Nil

2022 Interim

Nil

Closure of Register of Members for ascertaining shareholders' entitlement to attend and vote at the annual general meeting

Period from May 29, 2023 to June 1, 2023

Date of Annual General Meeting in 2023

June 1, 2023

Authorized Shares

500,000,000 shares

Issued Shares

360,000,000 shares (as at December 31, 2022)

Website address

www.saileisuregroup.com

Stock Code

1832

Board Lot

1,000 shares

Financial Year End

December 31

## Key Financial Highlights

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  15,751  19,801  Operating loss  (12,472)  (6,247)  Loss attributable to owners of the Company  (11,425)  (5,952)  As a percentage of revenue  -72.5%  -30.1%  Basic loss per share (US cents)  (3.2)  (1.7)  Dividend per share  - Final (US cent)  -  -  - Interim (US cent)  -  -  Equity  Attributable to owners of the Company  74,519  85,944   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT

<!-- image -->

## Dear Shareholders,

It is my pleasure to present the annual report of S.A.I. Leisure Group Company Limited (the ' Company ') and its subsidiaries (collectively, the ' Group ') for the financial year ended December 31, 2022 (the ' Year ').

## OVERVIEW

Entering the third year since the outbreak of COVID-19, people around the globe has recognized the endemic nature of the coronavirus and have conformed to 'co-living with the virus'. Throughout the Year, the government authorities of different countries, including but not limited to our key tourist origin markets have lifted precautionary and control measures stage by stage. As of the date of this report, international borders are almost fully opened despite certain precautionary and control measures were still in place for travelers travelling from the mainland China. The market expects that the relevant measures will soon be lifted and with the gradual resumption of flights, the revival of the international tourism industry is foreseeable.

## Chairman's Statement

<!-- image -->

Riding  on  the  high  community  vaccination  rates  and  the  fact  that  people  have  been  'co-living  with  the  virus'  for  over  a year, the Commonwealth of Northern Marianas Islands (the ' CNMI ') and Guam have fully opened their borders to travelers around  the  globe.  Tourist  arrivals  on  the  CNMI  and  Guam  for  the  Year  both  surged  during  the  Year  and  increased  by approximately 661.0% and 313.7%, respectively, when compared to the arrivals in 2021 and have reached approximately 22.7% and 19.7% of the pre-COVID arrivals in 2019, respectively. Among all, the recovery of tourists from South Korea, one of our key tourist origin markets, is notable, whilst the recovery of tourists from Japan was protracted as a result of the weakened currency.

## BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

By  the  end  of  October  2022,  our  very  first  InterContinental  Hotels  Group  (' IHG ')  branded  hotel,  Crowne  Plaza  Resort Saipan (formerly known as 'Fiesta Resort Saipan') was reopened with a dazzling new look. After 3 years of lockdown, the resort offers our guests a relaxed environment with views across the stunning Pacific Ocean, leaving all hustle behind and reconnecting our guests to the beautiful nature. On the other hand, our second IHG branded hotel, Crowne Plaza Resort Guam (formerly known as 'Fiesta Resort Guam'), offers an ideal location for beach adventure. The resort has soft opened in  mid-November 2022 and the grand opening of the resort was recently held on March 28, 2023. As of the date of this report, both resorts are ramping up and fighting for their market share out of the accelerating market demand.

## Chairman's Statement

We are honored to have supported the CNMI government in the fight against COVID-19 since March 2020 by providing the hotel rooms, facilities and meal services at Kanoa Resort to persons subject to the mandatory quarantine requirements upon their  arrival  in  Saipan.  By  the  end  of  July  2022,  the  mandatory  quarantine  measures  in  Saipan  were  lifted  and  the emergency contract between the Group and the CNMI Homeland Security and Emergency Management was completed. Kanoa Resort is currently closed, and the Group is in the process of carrying out the planning and design works for the renovation and rebranding of Kanoa Resort in order for it to be reopened as 'voco Resort Saipan' in the near future.

Furthermore,  riding  on  the  gradual  recovery  of  the  tourism  market  and  local  economy  of  Guam,  the  luxury  travel  retail boutiques  in  Guam  have  resumed  operation  under  normal  business  hours  in  March  2022.  During  the  pandemic,  our management has come to an agreement with the landlord on the lease terms for the occupancy of stronger retail spaces, which is expected to help improve the segmental profitability of our luxury travel retail segment.

## GOING FORWARD

The  reopening  of  China's  borders  to  20  designated  countries  from  the  start  of  2023  made  a  big  step  in  expediting  the recovery of the global tourism industry. The market expects China will further open its borders and lift the travel restrictions to more countries. With the gradual resumption of flights for different destinations over the world, the international travel and tourism industry is recovering and restoration to pre-COVID levels is foreseeable.

In  2023,  the  global  travel  sentiment  and  market  behavior  are  yet  to  stabilize,  we  will  continue  to  closely  monitor  the changes and adjust the Group's business plan and strategies to seize the best market opportunities to achieve long-term and sustainable  business  growth.  As  the  pandemic  is  coming  to  an  end,  we  are  in  the  process  of  refreshing  the  image, recognition and market reputation of our 'S.A.I. Leisure Group' brand with our strong collaboration with the IHG brand so as to strengthen our position as market leader.

<!-- image -->

## Chairman's Statement

<!-- image -->

During the Year, Professor Chan Pak Woon David (' Professor Chan '), former independent non-executive director, former chairman  of  the  nomination  committee  and  former  member  of  the  audit  committee  and  the  remuneration  committee  of the  Company,  sadly  passed  away  on  November  9,  2022.  The  late  Professor  Chan  had  served  as  an  independent  nonexecutive Director of the Company from April 2019 to the date of his passing. I would like to express my deepest sorrow for Profession Chan's unexpected passing, and also my heartfelt gratitude to Professor Chan for his invaluable contributions to the Group during his tenure.

Lastly, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our management and staff for their commitment and hard work during the pandemic. I would also like to thank our shareholders and customers for their continuous support to and confidence in the Group.

## S.A.I. Leisure Group Company Limited Dr. TAN Siu Lin, SBS

Chairman

Hong Kong, March 30, 2023

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## BUSINESS OVERVIEW

While people around the world speculated that the effect of the COVID-19 would gradually fade out in 2022, the Omicron variant of the coronavirus swept through the globe at the start of 2022 and brought massive waves of infections in different countries. Despite the fact that people recognized the endemic nature of the coronavirus and have conformed to 'co-living with the virus', the high death rate of the Omicron variant and the dynamic nature of the variants of the coronavirus have protracted the recovery pace of the global tourism industry.

Having said that, riding on the increasing vaccination rate and further emphasis on the booster shot, countries like Japan and  South  Korea,  our  key  tourist  origin  markets,  have  scrapped  travel  restrictions  and  gradually  reopened  borders  for international  travelers  since  April  2022.  With  effect  from  June  1,  2022,  arrival  control  in  Japan  was  further  relaxed  and travelers returning to Japan from the U.S. are no longer required to be tested nor be subject to quarantine requirements, regardless of whether they have a vaccination certificate or not. Similarly, the government of South Korea has extensively eased the overseas arrival protocols with effect from June 1, 2022, and PCR test is only required for overseas arrivals and no subsequent antigen test result is required to be reported. The relaxation of the overseas arrival protocols expedited the gradual resumption of flights from our key tourist origin markets to Saipan and Guam, unleashing the pent-up travel demand since the lock down due to COVID-19.

Since  the  start  of  2022,  both  Guam  and  Saipan  have  lifted  the  mandatory  quarantine  requirement  for  arriving  travelers regardless of their citizenship or vaccination status. With the high local vaccination rate, the government of Guam and the CNMI further removed various social distancing restrictions that have been in place in past years to reopen tourism to Guam and the CNMI. During the year, Guam recorded a total of 328,446 tourist arrivals, which was 313.7% of that of 2021. Out of which, approximately 60.0% of the total tourist arrivals was from South Korea and over 7.0% was from Japan. On the other hand, the tourism resumption investment plan (' TRIP ')  task  force  of  the  CNMI and the government of South Korea jointly  launched  the  travel  bubble  agreement  in  late  2021.  Such  travel  bubble  agreement  rejuvenated  the  tourism  market with South Korea and was completed in June 2022. For the Japan market, the TRIP task force also worked on launching a 13-month flight promotion program with airlines in September 2022. Such flight promotion program enticed the resumption of  flights  between  Japan  and  Saipan,  supporting  the  revival  of  the  CNMI's  tourism  industry.  During  the  Year,  as  per  the Visitor  Arrival  Statistics  published  by  the  Marianas  Visitors  Authority,  the  CNMI  recorded  a  total  of  96,521  tourist  arrivals, which was 661.0% of that of 2021 and among which over 77.0% tourist arrivals were from South Korea and approximately 2.2% tourist arrivals were from Japan.

<!-- image -->

## Management Discussion and Analysis

<!-- image -->

During  the  Year,  Kanoa  Resort  continued  to  support  the  local  government  authorities  of  the  CNMI  by  providing  its  hotel rooms, facilities and meal services to persons subject to mandatory quarantine requirements upon arrivals or during their stay  in  Saipan  until  the  relevant  emergency  contract  completed  on  July  30,  2022.  Kanoa  Resort  is  currently  closed,  and the Group is in the process of carrying out planning and design works for the renovation and rebranding of Kanoa Resort in order for it to be reopened as 'voco Resort Saipan' in the near future. On the other hand, the renovation and rebranding works of Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan (formerly known as 'Fiesta Resort Saipan') has substantially been completed and the grand opening of Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan was held on October 31, 2022. Furthermore, with the substantial completion of the renovation and rebranding works of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam (formerly known as 'Fiesta Resort Guam') with the exception of certain  outdoor  facilities  in  late  2022,  IHC  Hotel  Limited  (the  ' Hotel Manager ')  has  confirmed  to  soft  open the resort to capture the accelerating market demand on November 16, 2022. The grand opening of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam was held on March 28, 2023 after the completion of the aforesaid outdoor facilities. Century Hotel and all the Group's luxury travel retail boutiques in Guam and Hawaii continued to be open for business throughout the Year. Two out of the Group's five luxury travel retail boutiques in Saipan and one of the Group's three excursion tours have resumed business at different times during the Year.

## REVENUE AND OPERATING LOSS

For the Year, the Group recorded a revenue of US$15,751,000, representing a decrease of US$4,050,000 or 20.5% from US$19,801,000 in the preceding year. The total revenue from our Saipan businesses dropped by 45.8% whilst our Guam businesses first recorded an increase of 126.8% since the pandemic. The significant decrease in the revenue from Saipan businesses  was  mainly  due  to  the  continuous  decrease  in  the  occupancy  of  Kanoa  Resort  as  a  result  of  the  relaxation of  quarantine  requirements.  On July 30, 2022, the relevant emergency contract between one of the Group's subsidiaries and the CNMI Homeland Security and Emergency Management was completed and Kanoa Resort has closed since then. On the contrary, riding on the gradual recovery of the tourism market and economy of Guam, the revenue from our Guam businesses increased significantly, especially the luxury travel retail segment, which increased by 106.3%.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

Despite the fact that the market is on its recovery path, the Group adheres to implementing effective cost-saving measures throughout the Year. The operating loss of the Group for the Year was US$12,472,000, representing an increase in loss of US$6,225,000 when compared with an operating loss of US$6,247,000 in the preceding year. The significant increase in  the  operating  loss  was  mainly  due  to  (1)  a  decrease  in  revenue  generated  by  the  Group's  hotels  and  resorts  segment due to  (i)  the  decrease  in  occupancy  of  Kanoa  Resort  in  view  of  the  relaxation  of  mandatory  quarantine  requirements  in Saipan, (ii) the completion of the emergency contract in respect of Kanoa Resort with the CNMI Government in July 2022, and (iii) the temporary closure of Kanoa Resort after completion of the emergency contract for the purpose of carrying out planning and design work for the renovation and rebranding of the hotel as 'voco Resort Saipan' in the near future; (2) a one-time  write-off  of  the  Group's  property,  plant  and  equipment  amounting  to  approximately  US$530,000  as  a  result  of the renovation works anticipated to be carried out to Kanoa Resort; and (3) an increase in operating expenses due to the incurrence of one-time pre-opening expenses for Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam amounting to approximately US$209,000 and approximately US$186,000, respectively. The said amount of operation loss has taken into  account,  amongst others, the recognition of depreciation and amortization expenses (non-cash items) relating to the Group's assets of approximately US$4,306,000.

Performance of the Group's business is covered in more detail under the 'Segmental Review' section below.

## SEGMENTAL REVIEW

The  Hotels  &amp;  Resorts  Segment,  Luxury  Travel  Retail  Segment  and  Destination  Services  Segment  accounted  for approximately 51.2%, 47.3% and 1.5% of the Group's total revenue for the Year respectively.

## Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment

For  the  Year,  revenue  generated  from  the  Hotels  &amp;  Resorts  Segment  was  approximately  US$8,060,000,  representing a  decrease  of  US$7,174,000  or  47.1%  when  compared  to  the  preceding  year.  The  substantial  decrease  in  revenue engendered  a  negative  segmental  operating  margin  of  the  Hotels  &amp;  Resorts  Segment,  which  is  mainly  due  to  (1)  the continuous  decrease  in  the  occupancy  of  Kanoa  Resort  as  a  result  of  the  relaxation  of  the  quarantine  requirements;  (2) Kanoa Resort has completed the emergency contract with the local government authorities in July 2022 and it has closed since then; and (3) the closure of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam and Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan for a majority of the Year for the purpose of carrying out renovation and upgrade works. Century Hotel is the only hotel of the Group that has remained in operation throughout the Year.

Effective  cost-saving measures continue to be implemented throughout the Year to alleviate the negative financial impact of  the  pandemic.  For  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2022,  the  total  operating  costs  of  the  Hotels  &amp;  Resorts Segment  were  comparable  to  that  of  the  preceding  year  despite  the  fact  that  two  out  of  the  Group's  four  hotels  have resumed operation in mid-October and mid-November of the Year, respectively. Included in the operating loss were (1) a one-time write-off of the Group's property, plant and equipment amounting to approximately US$530,000 as a result of the preparation work for the upcoming renovation and rebranding of Kanoa Resort; and (2) one-time pre-opening expenses for Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam amounting to approximately US$209,000 and approximately US$186,000, respectively. Depreciation and amortization expenses (non-cash items) for 2022 under the Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment was approximately US$3,599,000.

## Crowne Plaza Resort Guam

The renovation and upgrade works under the asset rejuvenation plan of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam continued throughout the Year. By mid-November 2022, the renovation and upgrade works of the hotel have been substantially completed except for certain outdoor facilities. Riding on the gradual recovery of the tourism market in Guam and the completion of renovation and upgrade works of the guestrooms, exteriors and public area, the Hotel Manager confirmed to soft open the resort to capture the accelerating market demand.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

After  the  end  of  the  Year,  the  Group's  management  continued  to  focus  our  efforts  on  completing  the  renovation  and upgrade works of the outdoor facilities. On March 28, 2023, the grand opening of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam was held upon  the  completion  of  the  aforesaid  outdoor  facilities.  The  newly  renovated  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  is  strategically located  on  the  beaches  of  Tumon  Bay,  the  tourism  center  of  Guam,  and  is  within  walking  distance  to  Guam's  central shopping  and  entertainment  district.  It  is  a  premium  family-style  resort  offering  a  full  range  of  services  in  respect  of leisure  and  entertainment,  meeting  and  events,  dining  and  accommodation. Being the newest hotel in town, the Group's management is confident that the hotel will be uniquely positioned to capture the pent-up travel demand.

## Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan

Since 2020, the Group has been carrying out renovation and upgrade works to Crown Plaza Resort Saipan as part of the asset rejuvenation plan and rebranding works under the hotel management agreement with the Hotel Manager to prepare for the reopening of the hotel under the new brand name. As confirmed by the Hotel Manager, the renovation and upgrade works  of  the  hotel  were  substantially  completed  and  the  grand  opening  of  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Saipan  was  held  on October 31, 2022. Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan is located at the heart of the Garapan tourism center of Saipan and is a premium resort offering a wide range of services in respect of leisure and entertainment, meeting and events, dining and accommodation. Being the newest hotel in town, the Group's management is also confident that this hotel will be uniquely positioned to capture the pent-up travel demand.

## Kanoa Resort

In  2022,  Kanoa  Resort  continued  to  assist  the  CNMI  Homeland  Security  and  Emergency  Management  by  providing  its hotel rooms, facilities, and meal services to persons subject to the mandatory quarantine requirements upon their arrival in Saipan. As confirmed by the said government authority, the relevant emergency contract was completed on July 30, 2022 and Kanoa Resort is currently closed. During the operating period, the Group received various fees for the services  that have been provided to the CNMI government under the relevant emergency contract. The Group is honored to be able to offer its continuous support to the local government in the fight against COVID-19. On December 29, 2020, the Group had entered into the hotel management agreement with the Hotel Manager, pursuant to which Kanoa Resort will be rebranded as  'voco  Resort  Saipan'  after  the  completion  of  the  renovation  and  rebranding  works  contemplated  under  the  hotel management agreement. The Group is now in the process of carrying out planning and design works for the renovation and rebranding of the hotel.

## Luxury Travel Retail Segment

During  the  Year,  revenue  from  the  Luxury  Travel  Retail  Segment  was  US$7,448,000,  representing  an  increase  of US$3,077,000 or  70.4%  as  compared  to  the  preceding  year  of  US$4,371,000.  The  substantial  increase  in  revenue  was mainly  contributed  by  the  business  in  Guam  with  the  gradual  recovery  of  the  Guam  local  economy  and  tourism  market, which boosted the revenue of the Guam boutiques by 106.3%.

At the start of 2022, the Group's luxury travel retail boutiques in Hawaii operated with normal business hours whilst Guam resumed their operations with limited business hours (by appointment or during weekends). In March 2022, riding on the gradual recovery of the local economy and the tourism market, all luxury travel retail boutiques in Guam resumed operating under  normal  business  hours  on  a  daily  basis.  Two  out  of  the  Group's  five  luxury  travel  retail  boutiques  in  Saipan  have resumed  their  operations  at  different  times  during  the  Year.  The  continuous  closure  of  the  remaining  luxury  travel  retail boutiques  in  Saipan  have  effectively  reduced  the  operating  costs  and  mitigated  the  negative  financial  and  operational impacts  on  the  Luxury  Travel  Retail  Segment.  The  Group's  management  continued  to  exercise  due  care  in  inventory management and maintained a healthy inventory level throughout 2022.

For the Year, the Luxury Travel Retail Segment operated almost without loss. Depreciation and amortization expenses (noncash items) for 2022 under the Luxury Travel Retail Segment was approximately US$655,000.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Destination Services Segment

For  the  twelve  months  ended  December  31,  2022,  revenue  from  the  Destination  Services  Segment  was  US$243,000, representing  an  increase  of  US$47,000  as  compared  to  the  preceding  year.  Riding  on  the  successful  travel  bubble agreement with South Korea, the influx of tourists from South Korea to Saipan led to the business resumption of one of the Group's three excursion tours and raised the sales of one of the Group's three convenience stores operated under this segment. On the other hand, the Group's convenience store, which is located within hotel premises, resumed operation on the grand opening date of Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan. The newly renovated convenience store occupies a more spacious retail area and offers hotel guests with commodities in more varieties.

For  the  Year,  the  segmental  loss  of  the  Destination  Services  Segment  was  US$449,000,  representing  an  increase  of US$263,000 as compared to the preceding year. The increase in the segmental loss was mainly due to the fact that the tourism market is yet to fully recover and thus most of the business operations of the Group's Destination Services Segment remained temporarily closed during the Year.

## ACQUISITIONS AND INVESTMENTS

During  the  Year,  the  Group  did  not  make  any  material  acquisitions  and  disposals  of  subsidiaries,  associates,  or  joint ventures.

The Group had no significant investments held during the Year.

## EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE END OF THE FINANCIAL YEAR

After  nearly  two  years  of  being  kept  on  home  turf,  people  around  the  globe  are  actively  planning  to  revisit  their  favorite destinations  or  pursue  their  big  bucket  list  trip  to  visit  somewhere  new.  By  the  end  of  2022,  people  around  the  globe continued to unleash their pent-up demand for leisure travel. Meanwhile, the government of the People's Republic of China (the ' PRC ' or ' China ') announced its reopening of borders to 20 designated countries. With effect from January 8, 2023, passengers holding a negative PCR result within 48 hours before departure can enter China without quarantine.

Subsequent to the end of the Year, the Group continues to focus on completing the renovation and upgrade works of the outdoor  facilities  of  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam.  As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  renovation  and  upgrade  works  of  the remaining outdoor facilities have been completed and the grand opening of the hotel was held on March 28, 2023. On the other hand, the newly opened Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam are ramping-up and fighting for their market share from the revival of the tourism markets. Furthermore, Century Hotel remains open for business whilst Kanoa Resort is currently closed. The Group's management is in the process of carrying out planning and design works for the renovation and rebranding of Kanoa Resort.

All luxury travel retail boutiques in Guam and Hawaii remain open for business with normal business hours. Besides, two out of the Group's five luxury travel retail boutiques in Saipan continue to be open for business and one out of the Group's three excursion tours has resumed operation in February 2023. The remaining three luxury travel retail boutiques and two of the Group's excursion tours remain closed pending visibility of tourists returning.

## FUTURE PLANS AND MARKET PROSPECTS

Since 2022, despite the fact that the governments of Japan and South Korea have scrapped travel restrictions and lifted the quarantine requirements of travelers returning to the countries, the outbound travel sentiments of the Japanese and South Koreans were weakened due to their declined currencies. Starting from 2023, the foreign exchange rate of the Japanese Yen and South Korean Won began to stabilize and thus people's travel sentiments are picking up.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

The  reopening  of  China's  border  to  20  designated  countries  from  the  start  of  2023  made  a  big  step  in  expediting  the recovery of global tourism industry and propelling the air-traffic resumption. Having said that, the market is still expecting China to open its borders and lift the travel restrictions to more countries. Currently, most travelers can travel all over the world  without  the  need  of  meeting  travel  restrictions  or  quarantine  requirements.  The  elimination  of  quarantine  protocols upon arrivals substantially removed hassles and uncertainties that travelers might encounter during their journey and thus enhancing travel sentiments.

During  the  pandemic,  various  precautionary  and  control  measures  implemented  by  local  government  authorities  have caused  the  suspension  or  reduction  of  flights  to/from  Saipan  and  Guam.  During  2022,  riding  on  the  relaxation  of  the quarantine requirements by the local government of Japan and South Korea, our key tourist origin markets, various airlines, including but not limited to United Airlines, Asiana Airlines and Jeju Air have gradually resumed their flights for the Guam and Saipan route at different times during the Year. In 2023, certain South Korean Airlines have already planned to increase the number of flights from South Korea to the Marianas in the next several months as compared to January 2023.

On the other hand, to reinstate the influx of tourists from the newly reopened China market, there is a long list of rampup works that need to be done by the local government and relevant parties. Among all, the resumption of flights between certain  PRC  cities  with  Saipan  is  the  top  priority  to  speed  up  the  recovery.  As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Group's management is endeavouring to facilitate the process and is working with various airlines to prepare for the resumption of flights between certain PRC cities and Saipan.

## Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment

As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  renovation  and  upgrade  works  of  the  outdoor  facilities  of  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam has completed and the grand opening of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam was held on March 28, 2023. The Hotel Manager of Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam continues to focus their efforts on ramping-up and fighting for  market  share  from  the  revival  of  the  tourism  markets.  Being  the  newest  hotels  in  town,  the  Group's  management  is confident that these two hotels will be uniquely positioned to capture the pent-up travel demand in 2023.

Kanoa Resort is  currently  closed  after  the  completion  of  the  emergency  contract  with  the  CNMI  Homeland  Security  and Emergency  Management.  As  announced  on  December  29,  2020,  the  Group  has  entered  into  the  hotel  management agreement in respect of Kanoa Resort with the Hotel Manager and Kanoa Resort will be rebranded as 'voco Resort Saipan' after  the  completion  of  renovation  and  rebranding  works.  As  of  the  date  of  this  report,  the  Group  is  in  the  process  of carrying out the planning and design works for the renovation and rebranding in due course.

The capital expenditure to be incurred in respect of the renovation and upgrade works of Kanoa Resort will be funded partly by the proceeds from Listing, partly by the Group's internal resources and partly by external financing.

With  the  InterContinental  Hotels  Group  managing  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Saipan,  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  and  Kanoa Resort (after its rebranding as 'voco Resort Saipan'), our management expects that this will create positive synergy among the three major hotels of the Group.

## Luxury Travel Retail Segment

Riding  on  the  gradual  resumption  of  the  local  economy  and  the  tourism  market  of  Guam,  the  Group's  management  has reached  agreement  with  the  relevant  landlord  for  the  new  occupancy  of  certain  stronger  retail  spaces  to  improve  the segmental profitability. As of the date of this report, the newly identified retail spaces are under renovation and the Group's management expects to move into the new retail spaces in the second half of 2023. The capital expenditure to be incurred in respect of the renovation and upgrade works of the new retail spaces will be funded partly by the landlord's sponsorship, partly by the brand owner's sponsorship and partly by the Group's internal resources. For Saipan, the Group's management will continue to closely monitor market conditions and changes in the global travel sentiment with a view to gradually resume the full operation of the boutiques.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## Other plans and prospects

To maintain the Group's long-term growth and for the best interests of the Group and the shareholders of the Company (the ' Shareholders ') as a whole, the Group's management continues to explore possible merger and acquisition opportunities.

## INVESTOR RELATIONS AND COMMUNICATIONS

The Group acknowledges the importance of communication with our Shareholders. The Group promotes investor relations proactively  through  meetings  with  analysts  and  investors,  media  luncheon  and  company  interviews,  subject  to  COVID-19 restrictions. Each year, an annual general meeting will be called by giving not less than 20 clear business days' notice and the Directors will be available at the annual general meeting to answer questions on the Group's business.

The Group encourages two-way communication with both private and institutional investors and responds to their enquiries in  an  informative  and  timely  manner.  The  Group  has  established various forms of communication channels to improve its transparency, including proactive and timely issuance of press releases to inform investors of our latest development. The Group regularly updates its corporate information on the Company's website (www.saileisuregroup.com) in both English and Chinese.

## CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities.

## VALUATION OF PROPERTIES

For the purpose of the Listing, a valuation as at January 31, 2019 was conducted on the properties held by our Group in Saipan and Guam (the ' Properties '). The Properties include premises occupied by our Group for our business operations and premises in our hotels and resorts leased to third parties on concessions in return for a rental income. The Properties were  valued  at  US$114,300,000  in  aggregate  as  at  January  31,  2019  by  Savills  Valuation  and  Professional  Services  (S) Pte  Ltd,  as  disclosed  in  the  Prospectus  published  on  April  30,  2019.  The  Properties  were  classified  as  property,  plant and equipment and investment properties in the consolidated statement of financial position. As detailed in note 3 to the consolidated  financial  statements,  the  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  investment  properties  are  carried  at  historical cost less deprecation and impairment loss. Accordingly, no additional depreciation would be charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income regardless of the changes in the market value of the Properties.

## LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CAPITAL STRUCTURE

During the Year, the Group continues to focus our efforts on the renovation and upgrade works of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam and Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan under our asset rejuvenation plan. Riding on the gradual recovery of the local economy and the  tourism  market  in  Guam,  the  Group's  luxury  travel  retail  business  in  Guam  were  resumed  to  normal  business  hours  on daily basis. Besides, the financial position of the Group remained healthy throughout the Year. The Group generally finances its  operations  with  internally  generated  cash  flows,  proceeds  from  the  Company's  listing  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ' or ' HKEx ') on May 16, 2019 (the ' Listing '), shareholder's loans and external financing. As at December 31, 2022, the total amount of cash and bank deposits of the Group was approximately US$3,451,000, representing a decrease of approximately US$4,626,000 as compared to that as at December 31, 2021 mainly due to capital expenditure for the asset rejuvenation plan of the Group during the Year.

During the Year, the Group continues to use the available banking facilities totalling US$48,000,000 to finance the asset rejuvenation plan of the Group. As at December 31, 2022, the full amount of the banking facilities were drawn to finance the renovation and upgrade works carried out to Crowne Plaza Resort Guam and Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan. During the Year, the total capital expenditure for the asset rejuvenation plan was approximately US$32,125,000.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  had  an  interest-bearing  term  loan  of  US$43,000,000  (As  at  December  31,  2021: US$17,000,000) and a revolving loan of US$5,000,000 (As at December 31, 2021: Nil), and the relevant banking facilities were  fully  drawn  down.  Based  on  the  scheduled  repayments  set  out  in  the  relevant  banking  facility  letter,  the  maturity profile  of  the  term  loan  is  spread  over  a  period  of  five  years,  with  approximately  US$367,000  repayable  in  the  first  year, approximately  US$3,133,000  repayable  in  the  second  year,  approximately  US$4,300,000  repayable  in  the  third  year, approximately  US$15,833,000  repayable  in  the  fourth  year,  and  approximately  US$19,367,000  repayable  within  the  fifth year.

On August 30, 2022, the Group entered into a loan agreement with Tan Holdings Corporation (' Tan Holdings ') for a loan facility of US$5,000,000. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing at 2% per annum and repayable in 1 year from the date of the loan agreement. As at December 31, 2022, the full amount of the loan facility had been drawn down by the Company. Further, on December 16, 2022, the Group entered into a second loan agreement with Tan Holdings for a loan facility of US$8,000,000. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing at 2% per annum and repayable in 2 years from the date of the loan agreement. As at December 31, 2022, an amount of US$1,800,000 had been drawn down by the Company.

Subsequent to the year end, the Group entered into a third loan agreement with Tan Holdings on February 28, 2023 for a loan facility of US$8,000,000. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing at 2% per annum and repayable in 2 years from the date of the loan agreement.

The Directors are of the view that the Group has adequate liquidity to meet its expected working capital requirements and capital expenditure requirements in the coming twelve months from December 31, 2022.

Gearing ratio of the Company is calculated based on the total interest-bearing bank borrowings divided by total equity as at the end of respective years and multiplied by 100%. As at December 31, 2022, the gearing ratio of the Group was 64.7% (2021: 19.8%).

The capital structure of the Group consists of debt which includes bank borrowings, shareholder's loans, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Company, which comprises issued share capital, share premium and various reserves as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position. There has been no changes in the share capital structure of the Company since the Listing Date.

The Group's objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern and to maximize the return to the Shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The Directors review the capital structure regularly, taking into account the cost of capital and the risk associated with the capital.

## CHARGE ON ASSETS

As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Group had aggregate banking facilities of US$48,000,000 and US$43,000,000, respectively, which was secured by certain buildings and investment properties owned by the Group. As disclosed above, the  Group  continues  to  use  the  banking  facilities  of  US$48,000,000  to  finance  the  asset  rejuvenation  plan  of  the  Group during  the  Year.  Unutilized  facilities  at  the  end  of  December  31,  2022  and  2021  amounted  to  Nil  and  US$26,000,000, respectively.

## FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK MANAGEMENT

The subsidiaries of the Group mainly operate in Saipan, Guam and Hawaii with most transactions settled in United States dollars  (' US Dollars ').  Foreign  exchange rate risk arises when recognized financial assets and liabilities are denominated in a currency that is not the entity's functional currency. As at December 31, 2022, the financial assets and liabilities of the subsidiaries of the Group in Saipan, Guam and Hawaii are also primarily denominated in US Dollars. Therefore, the Group's foreign exchange risk is insignificant.

## Management Discussion and Analysis

## EMPLOYEES AND EMOLUMENT POLICY

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  had  a  total  of  372  (2021:  196)  full-time  employees,  including  172  employed  in Saipan, 185 employed in Guam, 10 employed in Hawaii and 5 employed in Hong Kong. During the Year, all luxury travel retail  boutiques in Guam has resumed their operations to normal business hours on daily basis and Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan as well as Crowne Plaza Resort Guam have re-opened, precipitating the increase in the number of headcounts as of year end. As a responsible employer, the Group continues to value our employees and continues to strive to provide an excellent working environment. We have complied with all relevant labor laws and regulations and has formulated a set of human resources policies relating to compensation and dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal  employment  opportunity,  diversity,  anti-discrimination  and  other  benefits  and  welfare.  Remuneration  is  determined with  reference  to  market  terms  and  performance,  qualification  and  experience  of  individual  director  and  employee. During  the  Year,  the  total  staff  costs  (including  directors'  emoluments)  amounted  to  approximately  US$7,383,000  (2021: US$6,083,000). On April 9 2019, the Company adopted a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible persons, including the employees of the Group, for their contribution to the Group. Details of the share option scheme are set out under the heading 'Share Option Scheme' in the section headed 'Report of Directors' on page 32 of this annual report.

## CHAIRMAN AND NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Dr. TAN Siu Lin, SBS ,  (' Chairman Tan '), aged 92, has been the Chairman of the Board and a Non-Executive Director of the  Company since November 2018. He founded the Group in April 1997. Chairman Tan is a prominent entrepreneur in mainland China, Hong Kong and the Western Pacific Region with over 50 years of experience in developing a diversified portfolio  of  business  ventures.  He  is  the  honorary  director  of  Peking  University  Education  Foundation  ( 北京大學教育基金 會 ),  chairman  of  the  board  of  the  Peking  University  Luen  Thai  Center  for  Supply  Chain  System  Research  &amp;  Development ( 北京大學聯泰供應鏈系統研發中心 ),  and  chairman  of  the  board  of  Tan  Siu  Lin  School  of  Business  in  Quanzhou  Normal University  ( 泉州師範學院陳守仁商學院 ).  Chairman  Tan  is  the  permanent  honorary  director  of  the  board  of  Huaqiao University  ( 華僑大學 )  and  the  honorary  consul  of  the  Federated  States  of  Micronesia  in  Hong  Kong.  Chairman  Tan  holds an  honorary  doctoral  of  laws  degree  from  the  University  of  Guam  and  has  been  awarded  honorary  university  fellowships by both the Hong Kong Baptist University and the Chinese University of Hong Kong. He is also the founder, honorary life chairman and executive director of Luen Thai Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 311), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Chairman Tan is the father of Dr. Tan Henry (Vice Chairman, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder), Mr. Tan Willie (a Non-Executive Director), Mr. Tan Jerry Cho Yee (a member of our senior management) and the grandfather of Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink (an Executive Director and the Executive Vice President).  Chairman  Tan  is  also  a  controlling  shareholder  of  the  Company.  Details  of  his  interest  in  the  shares  of  the Company are set out under the headings 'Directors' and Chief Executives' Interest in Shares' in the section headed 'Report of Directors' on page 35 of this annual report.

## EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. TAN Henry, BBS, JP , aged 69, has been the Vice Chairman of the Board, an Executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since November 2018. He is also a member of our Nomination and Remuneration Committees. He joined the Group in April 1997. Dr. Tan has over 40 years of experience in conducting business in mainland China, Hong Kong and the Western Pacific Region and has gained in-depth local knowledge, business and personal connections and market  insight  in  the  region.  Dr.  Tan  is  very  active  in  the  community.  He  is  the  chairman  of  the  Textile  Council  of  Hong Kong, a court member of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, a member of the Council and the chairman of the Advisory Committee of College of Professional and Continuing Education of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University, and an honorary court member of the Hong Kong Baptist University. Dr. Tan is a member of the election committee of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region and a member of the National Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference of the People's Republic of China. He is an honorary trustee of Peking University ( 北京大學 )  and a  director  of  the  board  of  Huaqiao  University  ( 華僑大學 ).  Dr.  Tan  is  a  Hong  Kong  Deputy  to  the  13th  National  People's Congress of the People's Republic of China and a former chairman of Po Leung Kuk. He was awarded a Bronze Bauhinia Star in November 2005 and was appointed as Justice of the Peace in July 2008 by the Government of Hong Kong Special Administrative  Region.  Dr.  Tan  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  and  a  master's  degree  in  business  administration  from  the University of Guam. He also received an honorary doctorate in humane letters from the University of Guam in recognition of his contribution in the Western Pacific Region. Since June 2020, Dr. Tan has been the independent non-executive director of SinoMedia Holding Limited (Stock Code: 623), the shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Dr. Tan is a son of Chairman Tan (Chairman, a non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder), a brother of Mr. Tan Willie (a Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Tan Jerry Cho Yee (a member of our senior management), the father of Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink (an Executive Director and the Executive Vice President), and a brother-in-law of Mr. Chiu George (an Executive Director). He is also a director of S.A.I. CNMI Holdings Limited, S.A.I. CNMI Tourism Inc., S.A.I. Guam Holdings Limited,  Gemkell  Corporation  and  Gemkell  U.S.A.  LLC,  all  of  which  are  our  subsidiaries.  Dr.  Tan  is  also  a  controlling shareholder of the Company. Details of his interest in the shares of the Company are set out under the headings 'Directors' and Chief Executives' Interest in Shares' in the section headed 'Report of Directors' on page 35 of this annual report.

Mr. CHIU George , aged 61, has been an Executive Director of the Group since November 2018. Mr. Chiu joined the Group in  April  1997  and has held directorship and key management roles. Mr. Chiu is recognized as a successful businessman in the  Western  Pacific  Region  with  over  30  years  of  experience  in  overseeing  and  managing  various  business  ventures  in  the region. Mr. Chiu has a strong presence in the business community of the Western Pacific Region. He is also actively involved in  other  community  organizations.  Mr.  Chiu  is  the  president  of  both  the  Chinese  Chamber  of  Commerce  of  Guam  and  the Guam Chinese Association. He also serves as the director of the board of the Guam Visitors Bureau and the director/treasurer of the board of the University of Guam Endowment Foundation. On March 23, 2023, Mr. Chiu was elected as the chairman of the board of the Guam Visitors Bureau. Mr. Chiu was a former director of the board of the Guam Economic Development Authority. Mr. Chiu holds a bachelor's degree in business administration with double majors in management and accounting from the University of Guam. Mr. Chiu is the brother-in-law of Dr. Tan Henry (Vice Chairman, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder) and an uncle of Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink (an Executive Director and the Executive Vice President). He is also a director of S.A.I. CNMI Tourism Inc., S.A.I. Guam Tourism Inc., Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc., Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. (Guam), Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation, Gemkell Corporation and Gemkell U.S.A. LLC, all of which are our subsidiaries.

## Management Executives

## Management Executives

Mrs.  SU  TAN  Jennifer  Sze  Tink ,  aged  40,  has  been  an  Executive  Director  of  the  Company  since  November  2018. She is also the Executive Vice President of our Group. Mrs. Su Tan joined our Group in February 2017. She has a solid background and experience in the hotel and hospitality industry and marketing. Mrs. Su Tan is a member of the Industry Advisory Committee of the School of Hotel and Tourism Management of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University. Mrs. Su Tan holds a bachelor's degree in science majoring in hotel and restaurant administration from Cornell University, the U.S.. She is a granddaughter of Chairman Tan (Chairman, a Non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder), a daughter of Dr. Tan Henry (Vice Chairman, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder) and a niece of Mr. Chiu George (an Executive Director), Mr. Tan Willie (a Non-Executive Director) and Mr. Tan Jerry Cho Yee (a member of our senior management). Mrs. Su Tan is also a director of Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. and Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. (Guam), all of which are our subsidiaries.

Mr.  SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William ,  aged  69,  has  been  an  Executive  Director  of  the  Company  since  April  2019.  He  has also been the Head of Hotel Operations of our Group since November 2018. Mr. Schweizer joined the Group in April 2005. He has over 33 years of experience in the hospitality industry. He served as chairman of the board of the Guam Hotel and Restaurant Association (the ' GHRA ') in 2009, 2018 and 2019, and has been a longstanding board member of the GHRA. Mr. Schweizer is currently a member of Skål Club of Guam and had been a longstanding member of the Chinese Chamber of Commerce in Guam, a member of the Guam Chamber of Commerce and one of its subcommittees, the Armed Forces Committee. Mr. Schweizer completed the advanced hotel management program of the Hong Kong Winter School 2004 of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and completed the food and beverage management seminar held by the School of Hotel Administration, Cornell University, the U.S..

## NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

Mr. TAN Willie ,  aged 67, has been a Non-Executive Director of the Company since November 2018. Mr. Tan joined the Group in  April  1997.  He  has  over  30  years  of  experience  in  business  management.  Mr.  Tan  is  the  vice  chairman  of  the board of Tan Holdings (a controlling shareholder), which is the privately held business of the family of Chairman Tan. Mr. Tan has an extensive experience in tourism and retail businesses. He is also the chief executive officer of Skechers China Limited, Skechers Hong Kong Limited, Skechers South Korea Limited and Skechers Southeast Asia Limited. He is currently the external vice president of the Philippines-China Business Council, chairman of the Confederation of Garment Exporters of  the  Philippines  and  was  appointed  honorary  ambassador-at-large for Guam, U.S. in 2007. Mr. Tan holds a bachelor's degree in business administration from the University of Guam. He is a son of Chairman Tan (Chairman, a Non-Executive Director  and  a  controlling  shareholder),  a  brother  of  Dr.  Tan  Henry  (Vice  Chairman,  an  Executive  Director,  the  Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder) and Mr. Tan Jerry Cho Yee (a member of our senior management) and an uncle of Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink (an Executive Director and the Executive Vice President). Mr. Tan is also a director of Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc., Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation, Gemkell Corporation and Gemkell U.S.A. LLC, all of which are our subsidiaries.

## INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr.  CHAN Leung Choi Albert ,  aged  68,  has  been  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  since  April 2019  and  is  the  Chairman  of  our  Remuneration  Committee  and  a  member  of  our  Audit  and  Nomination  Committees. Mr.  Chan  has  over  40  years  of  banking  experience  based  in  Hong  Kong.  Prior  to  his  retirement  in  2017,  he  was  Head of  Commercial  Banking  Hong  Kong  of  The  Hongkong  and  Shanghai  Banking  Corporation  Limited  (' HSBC ').  Before that,  he  assumed  various  management  positions  in  HSBC  including  retail  banking,  treasury,  corporate  banking  and  risk management. Since January 2019, Mr. Chan has been a non-executive director of HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the HSBC group. Mr. Chan holds a bachelor's degree in science from the University of Hong Kong.

## Management Executives

Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung ,  aged  81,  has  been  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  since  April 2019 and is the Chairman of our Audit Committee. Mr. Ma holds a bachelor's degree in economics from the London School of Economics and Political Science (The University of London) in the United Kingdom and has over 40 years of experience in accounting, auditing and finance. He is a Fellow Member of each of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England &amp; Wales, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Taxation Institute of Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Institute  of  Directors.  Mr.  Ma  is  a  founder  and  former  director  of  AMA  CPA  Limited  (formerly  known  as  Andrew  Ma  DFK (CPA)  Limited)  in  Hong  Kong.  He  is  presently  a  director  of  Mayee  Management  Limited.  He  is  currently  an  independent non-executive director of Asiaray Media Group Limited (Stock Code: 1993) and C-Mer Eye Care Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 3309), the shares of all of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Ma previously served as an independent non-executive director of Asia Financial Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 662), C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. (Stock Code: 43), Chong Hing Bank Limited (Stock Code: 1111) and China Resources Power Holdings Company Limited (Stock Code: 836), the shares of all of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, until his retirement on May 23, 2019, June 5, 2020, May 14, 2021 and September 15, 2021, respectively.

Mr.  WONG  Chun  Tat, JP ,  aged  42,  was  appointed  as  an  Independent  Non-Executive  Director  of  the  Company  since December  16,  2022  and  is  the  chairman  of  the  nomination  committee  and  a  member  of  the  audit  committee  and  the remuneration  committee.  Mr.  Wong  has  over  10  years  of  experience  in  the  tourism  industry.  He  has  been  the  general manager of Sin Ma Tours Limited since February 2019, an executive director of Hong Thai Golf Centre Limited since July 2021 and an executive director of Hong Thai Expo &amp; Business Centre Limited since October 2022. Mr. Wong is also actively engaged public and community services with a focus on developing the Hong Kong tourism industry. He is currently the honorary adviser of the Hong Kong Travel Industry Council, a former board member of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, vicechairperson of the Travel Industry Training Advisory Committee, member of the Hong Kong-Taiwan Economic and Cultural Cooperation and Promotion Council and honorary consul general of the Republic of Mali - Hong Kong. Mr. Wong is also currently  a  standing  committee  member  of  the  Chinese  Chamber  of  Commerce,  Hong  Kong,  vice-chairman  of  the  Youth Executives'  Committee  of  the  Chinese  Chamber  of  Commerce,  Hong  Kong,  vice-chairman  of  the  Y.  Elites  Association, member of the Chongqing Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference (the 5th session), member of the Thirteenth Committee of the All-China Youth Federation and member of the election committee of the Chief Executive of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. In addition, Mr. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director of  South  China  Holdings  Company  Limited  (Stock  Code:  413),  the  shares  of  which  are  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in tourism management in 2003 and a master's degree in professional accounting in 2008, both from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University.

## Management Executives

## SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. TAN Jerry Cho Yee ,  aged 61, has been our President, Guam &amp; Saipan since November 2018. He joined the Group in  April  1997.  Mr.  Tan is the chief executive officer of Tan Holdings (a controlling shareholder), which is the privately held business of the family of Chairman Tan, and has over 30 years of management experience in doing business in the Western Pacific Region, particularly in Guam and the CNMI. Mr. Tan received recognition as an entrepreneur and community leader including Executive of the Year from the Guam Business Magazine, Employer of the Year from the CNMI Society for Human Resource Management, Business Person of the Year from the Saipan Chamber of Commerce, and Sports Administrator of the Year from the Northern Marianas Sports Association. Mr. Tan is the vice chairman of Tan Siu Lin Foundation and the chairman of Pacific Century Fellows Marianas Chapter, a non-profit leadership mentoring program for young people working in both public and private sectors in the CNMI. He was appointed to the US Travel &amp; Tourism Advisory Board on January 10,  2023  by  the  US  Department  of  Commerce  Secretary  Gina  Raimondo.  He  serves  as  co-chairman  of  the  Governor's Council  of  Economic  Advisers  of  the  CNMI  together  with  the  CNMI  Governor  Ralph  DLG  Torres  from  2020  to  2022.  He previously  served  as  a  board  member  of  the  Marianas  Visitors  Authority  from  2012  to  2020  and  was  its  chairman  from 2006 to 2010. He is the president of the Northern Marianas Sports Association since 2020, the president of the Northern Mariana Islands Football Association since 2005 and the president of the Chinese Association of Saipan, U.S.A. since 2005. Mr. Tan graduated magna cum laude from the University of Guam with double majors in management and accounting. He is  a  son  of  Chairman Tan (Chairman, a Non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder), a brother of Dr. Tan Henry (Vice Chairman, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder) and Mr. Tan Willie (a NonExecutive Director) and an uncle of Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink (an Executive Director and the Executive Vice President). Mr. Tan is also a director of S.A.I. CNMI Tourism Inc., S.A.I Guam Tourism Inc., Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc., Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. (Guam), Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation and Century Tours, Inc. and a manager (equivalent to a director) of CKR, LLC, all of which are our subsidiaries.

Ms.  CHEUNG  Pik  Shan  Bonnie ,  aged  46,  has  been  our  Group  Financial  Controller  since  November  2018  and  was appointed as the Company Secretary of the Company since April 2019. She joined the Group in April 2018. Ms. Cheung has over 20 years of experience in the field of auditing and accounting. Before transferring to the Group, she was a vice president  of  the  corporate  finance  division  of  Luen  Thai  Holdings  Limited  (Stock  Code:  311),  a  company  listed  on  the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. During the Year, Ms. Cheung has completed the Business Sustainability Management programme designed by the Institute for Sustainability Leadership of the University of Cambridge. Ms. Cheung is a fellow member of  the  Association  of  Chartered  Certified  Accountants  and  an  associate  member  of  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of Certified  Public  Accountants.  Ms.  Cheung  holds  a  bachelor's  degree  in  accountancy  from  The  Hong  Kong  Polytechnic University.

The  Board  has  the  pleasure  of  presenting  to  the  Shareholders  this  annual  report  together  with  the  audited  consolidated financial statements of the Group for the Year.

## PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The  principal  activity  of  the  Company  is  investment  holding.  The  principal  activities  of  the  principal  subsidiaries  of  the Company are (1) the operation of hotels and resorts in Saipan and Guam, (2) luxury travel retail business in Saipan, Guam and  Hawaii  and  (3)  the  provision  of  destination  services  in  Saipan,  the  particulars  of  which  are  set  out  in  note  1  to  the consolidated financial statements.

The Listing of and the dealing in the Shares on the Stock Exchange commenced on the Listing Date, being May 16, 2019.

An  analysis  of  the  Group's  performance  by  principal  activities  during  the  Year  is  set  out  in  note  5  to  the  consolidated financial statements on pages 132 to 134 of this annual report.

## GROUP PROFIT/LOSS

The loss of the Group for the Year is set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income on page 104 of this annual report. The state of the Group's affairs as at December 31, 2022 are set out in the consolidated financial statements on pages 104 to 169 of this annual report.

## DIVIDENDS

No interim dividend (2021: Nil) was declared during the Year. The Board has resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Year (2021: Nil).

The Board is not aware of any Shareholders who have waived or agreed to waive any dividends.

## CASH FLOW

The cash flow position of the Group for the Year is set out and analyzed in the consolidated statement of cash flows on pages 108 to 109 of this annual report.

## BUSINESS REVIEW AND PERFORMANCE

A fair review of the business of the Group for the Year together with a discussion and analysis of its performance and the material factors underlying its performance as well as the Group's future business development are set out in the sections headed 'Chairman's Statement' as well as the 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on pages 6 to 9 and pages 10 to 20 of this annual report respectively. An analysis of the Group's performance during the Year using financial key performance indicators is provided in the section headed 'Key Financial Highlights' on page 5 of this annual report.

## Report of Directors

## ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

Detailed information and a discussion on the environmental, social and governance practices adopted by the Group will be set out in the 'Environmental, Social and Governance Report' on pages 44 to 80 of this annual report.

## COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

The Group's business operations are mainly carried out by the Company's subsidiaries in Saipan, Guam and Hawaii, the United States of America (the ' U.S. '), while the Company is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in Hong Kong. Sufficient  resources have been allocated to ensure the on-going compliance with applicable laws and regulations. During the Year and up to the date of this annual report, the Board is not aware of any material non-compliance with the relevant laws and regulations in the countries where the Group is operating.

## PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Directors are aware that business operations and financial results of the Group may be affected by various risks and uncertainties.  Description  of  the  principal  risks  and  uncertainties  faced  by  the  Group  are  set  out  in  the  section  headed 'Principal Risks and Uncertainties' on pages 42 to 43 of this annual report.

## RELATIONSHIP WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS

The success of the Group depends on the support from key stakeholders which comprise customers, suppliers, employees and Shareholders.

## Customers and Suppliers

The  Group  appreciates  the  importance  of  maintaining  a  good  relationship  with  its  customers  and  suppliers  to  meet  its immediate and long-term business goals. The Group values customers' feedback and addresses their concerns in a timely manner. During the Year, there is no circumstance of any event between the Group and its customers or suppliers which will have a significant impact on the Group's business and on which the Group's success depends.

## Employees

Employees  constitute  one  of  the  valuable  assets  of  the  Group.  The  key  objective  of  the  Group's  human  resource management  is  to  recognize  and  reward  performing  staff  by  providing  competitive  remuneration  packages  and implementing an effective performance appraisal system with appropriate incentives. Sufficient training and development are provided to all the employees and equal opportunities are provided within the Group for career advancement.

## Shareholders

One of  the  major  goals  of  the  Group  is  to  maximize  the  return  to  the  Shareholders.  The  Group  endeavors  to  foster  the development  of  business  for  achieving  sustainable  profit  growth  and  rewarding  the  Shareholders  with  stable  dividend payouts taking into account the business development needs and financial health of the Group.

## MAJOR CUSTOMERS

The  Group's  major  customers  during  the  year  are  primarily  the  Commonwealth  Health  Center  in  the  CNMI  and  corporate customers  of  our  Hotels  &amp;  Resorts  Segment.  During  the  Year,  the  aggregate  percentage  of  the  Group's  revenue  from  sales attributable  to  the  Group's  five  largest  customers  was  40.5%.  In  addition,  the  Group's  largest  customer  accounted  for approximately 39.5% of the total revenue from sales.

Our  Directors  have  confirmed  that,  save  as  disclosed  under  the  paragraph  headed  'Connected  Transactions,  Directors' and Shareholders' Interest in Contracts' below and as at December 31, 2022, all of our five largest customers (by revenue contribution)  were  independent  third  parties.  None  of  our  Directors,  their  close  associates  or  our  existing  Shareholder(s) who, to the knowledge of the Directors, owned more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital, had an interest in any of the five largest customers.

## MAJOR SUPPLIERS

The Group's major suppliers are utilities suppliers in our Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment, as well as brand owners in our Luxury Travel Retail Segment. During the Year, the aggregate percentage of the Group's purchases attributable to the Group's five largest suppliers was less than 30%. In addition, the Group's largest supplier accounted for approximately 7.0% of the total purchases.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  none  of  our  Directors,  their  close  associates  or  our  existing  Shareholder(s)  who,  to  the knowledge of the Directors, own more than 5% of the Company's issued share capital had an interest in any of the five largest suppliers.

## PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES

Details of the principal subsidiaries of the Group as at December 31, 2022 are set out in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.

## USE OF NET PROCEEDS FROM LISTING

The  Shares  of  the  Company  were  listed  on  the  Main  Board  of  the  Stock  Exchange  on  the  Listing  Date.  The  net proceeds from the Listing were US$39,400,000 (equivalent to HK$307,400,000, after deduction of underwriting fees and commissions and estimated expenses payable by the Company in connection with the Listing). The Company has applied and will continue to apply the net proceeds from the Listing for the purposes as set out in the section headed 'Future Plans and Use of Proceeds' in the prospectus of the Company published on April 30, 2019 (' Prospectus ') and supplemented by the 2019 Annual Report published on April 17, 2020 (' 2019 Annual Report '),  the 2020 Annual Report published on April 16, 2021 (' 2020 Annual Report ') and the 2021 Annual Report published on April 23, 2022 (' 2021 Annual Report ').

## Report of Directors

## Utilization during the Year

As at December 31, 2022, the Group had utilized the net proceeds from the Listing as set out in the table below:

| Net proceeds  from Listing  Utilization  during the  Year  Aggregated  amount  utilized as at  December  31, 2022  Percentage  utilized as at  December  31, 2022  Unutilized  amount  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Asset rejuvenation plan  29,555  578  25,730  87.1%  3,825  New travel retail boutiques  2,000  -  2,000  100.0%  -  IT upgrade  2,000  717  1,712  85.6%  288  Digital sales and marketing  2,000  151  1,002  50.1%  998  General working capital  3,945  -  3,945  100.0%  -  Total (a)  39,400 (b)  1,446  34,389  87.3%  5,111 (b)   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) The inconsistency between the sum of the numbers in this table and the total figures is due to rounding.

- (b) In  respect  of  the  amount  of  net  proceeds  from  Listing,  the  exchange  rate  applied  is  US$1.0  =  HK$7.8  and  the  amount  in  US$  is calculated according to such exchange rate. As a result, the difference between the net value of the remaining funds in the above table and the actual amount of funds in the retained account is due to the difference between the controlling exchange rate and the actual exchange rate.

Currently, the Group holds the unutilized net proceeds as deposit with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## Adjustments to the timing for use of proceeds of Listing

Minor  adjustments  have  been  made  to  the  timing  for  the  use  of  proceeds  from  Listing  when  compared  to  the implementation  plan  set  out  in  the  2021  Annual  Report.  The  Board  is  of  the  view  that  the  adjustments  made  were  not material.  Please  refer  to  the  revised  plan  set  out  below  under  the  heading  'Revised  proceeds  utilization  plan'  for  the updated expected timeline for the utilization of the net proceeds from the Listing.

The adjustments only relate to the utilization of proceeds from the Listing for the purposes of the Group's asset rejuvenation plan, IT upgrades and digital sales and marketing. There is no change to the timing as regards the use of proceeds for the purposes of new travel retail boutiques and general working capital, which have fully been applied in accordance with the utilization plan set out in the 2021 Annual Report.

The  main  reasons  for  the  adjustments  made  to  the  expected  timeline  for  utilization  of  proceeds  for  the  purposes  of  the Group's asset rejuvenation plan, IT upgrades and digital sales and marketing are as follows:-

## 1. Asset rejuvenation plan

The implementation of the asset rejuvenation plan of Kanoa Resort has been delayed due to the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. Under an emergency contract with the CNMI Homeland Security and Emergency Management, Kanoa Resort has been providing rooms and services to persons subject to mandatory quarantine requirements upon their arrival in Saipan. On July 30, 2022, the aforesaid emergency contract was completed. Kanoa Resort is currently closed and the Group is in the process of designing and planning the renovation and upgrade works of Kanoa Resort. Kanoa Resort will be rebranded as 'voco Resort Saipan' soon after the completion of the renovation and rebranding works.  The  Directors  expect  that  the  capital  expenditure  for  the  asset  rejuvenation  plan  of  Kanoa  Resort  will  be incurred in the year ending December 31, 2023 and 2024. There is no change in the amount of proceeds from the Listing allocated towards the asset rejuvenation plan of Kanoa Resort. All additional capital expenditure, if any, will be funded partly by the Group's internal resources and partly by external financing.

## 2. IT upgrade

As there has been delays in the implementation of the asset rejuvenation plan and the reopening schedule of Crowne Plaza  Resort  Saipan,  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  and  Kanoa  Resort,  there  has  been  a  delay  in  the  implementation of  our  IT  upgrade  works.  We  have  incurred  capital  expenditure  of  approximately  US$717,000  in  IT  upgrade  works for  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Saipan  and  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  during  the  Year.  We  expect  to  use  the  unutilized portion of the proceeds from the Listing in the year ending December 31, 2023 and 2024 as we fully integrate into the InterContinental Hotels Group's IT system for Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan, Crowne Plaza Resort Guam and Kanoa Resort  (will  be  rebranded  as  'voco  Resort  Saipan').  There  is  no  change  to  the  total  amount  of  proceeds  from  the Listing to be used for IT upgrade purposes as disclosed in the 2021 Annual Report.

## 3. Digital Sales and Marketing

As the global  leisure  tourism  market  has  yet  to  fully  recover  from  the  impact  of  the  COVID-19  pandemic  and  there has  been  delays  in  the  implementation  of  the  asset  rejuvenation  plan  and  the  reopening  schedule  of  Crowne  Plaza Resort Saipan, Crowne Plaza Resort Guam and Kanoa Resort (will be rebranded as 'voco Resort Saipan'), we have delayed our digital sales and marketing plans accordingly. We have only incurred capital expenditure of approximately US$151,000  in  digital  sales  and  marketing  during  the  Year  as  the  re-opening  of  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Saipan  and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam happened only in the last quarter of the Year. In light of the potentially strong recovery of the market due to people's general pent-up desire to travel, we plan to aggressively market ourselves in our target customer  markets  as  soon  as  we  have  visibility  on  market  resumption.  We  expect  to  use  the  unutilized  portion  of the  proceeds from the Listing in the year ending December 31, 2023 and 2024 when Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam ramp up for business, and Kanoa Resort (which will be rebranded as 'voco Resort Saipan') reopen for business.

Save as set out above, there are no material changes or delay in the use of net proceeds from the Listing.

The Company will continue to apply the unutilized net proceeds from the Listing for the purposes stated in the Prospectus, taking  into  account  the  revised  proceeds  utilization  plan,  our  development  strategy,  as  well  as  market  conditions.  The Company expects that the remaining unutilized proceeds will be fully used by December 31, 2024.

## Report of Directors

## Revised proceeds utilization plan

Set out below is the revised proceeds utilization plan of the Company:

| Estimated  total capital  expenditure  and expenses  by December  31, 2024 (c)  Approximate amount to  be funded with the net  proceeds from Listing (b)  Amount of  net proceeds  used in the  year ended  December 31,  2022  Aggregate  amount of  net proceeds  used as at  December 31,  2022  Unutilized  amount as at  December 31,  2022  Estimated amount  of net proceeds to be used  for the year ending  December 31,  2023  2024  US$'000  US$'000  %  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Asset rejuvenation plan  Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan  42,031  11,780  28.0%  -  11,780  -  -  -  Kanoa Resort  14,035  7,075  50.4%  578  3,250  3,825  1,500  2,325  Crowne Plaza Resort Guam  45,112  10,700  23.7%  -  10,700  -  -  -  Sub-total  101,178  29,555  578  25,730  3,825  1,500  2,325  New travel retail boutiques  New Saipan boutique  1,550  630  40.6%  -  630  -  -  -  New Guam boutique  1,550  1,370  88.4%  -  1,370  -  -  -  Other future boutiques  1,550  -  N/A  -  -  -  -  -  Sub-total  4,650  2,000  -  2,000  -  -  -  IT upgrade  New reservation system  646  646  100%  445  646  -  -  -  New data server  -  -  N/A  -  -  -  -  -  New online booking interface  14  14  100%  -  14  -  -  -  New Wi-Fi systems and  other IT expenses  1,504  1,340  89.1%  272  1,052  288  144  144  Sub-total  2,164  2,000  717  1,712  288  144  144  Digital sales and marketing  2,250  2,000  88.9%  151  1,002  998  499  499  General working capital  3,945  3,945  N/A  -  3,945  -  -  -  Total  39,400 (a)  1,446  34,389  5,111 (a)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) The inconsistency between the sum of the numbers in this table and the total figures is due to rounding.

(b) The outstanding amount of estimated capital expenditure or expenses not otherwise funded with the net proceeds from the Listing will be funded with our internal financial resources or external financing.

(c) Subject to future operating conditions and market environment, we may incur additional expenses for these purposes in the future, such  as  carrying  out  additional  renovation  and  upgrade  works  to  our  hotels,  launching  additional  travel  retail  boutiques,  other  IT upgrade, other sales and marketing initiatives and general working capital. The estimated capital expenditure and expenses above represent our estimated funding requirements as of the date of this annual report only.

## SHARE CAPITAL

Details  of  movements  in  the  share  capital  of  the  Company  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  note  22  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

## DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

As at December 31, 2022, the Company's reserves available for distribution to the Shareholders, calculated in accordance with the Companies Law (Revised), Cap 22 of the Cayman Islands, amounted to US$88,508,000. Details of movements in the reserves of the Company during the Year are set out in note 36(b) to the consolidated financial statements. Under the Companies Law (Revised), Cap. 22 of the Cayman Islands, the funds in the share premium account and the capital reserve account of the Company are distributable to the Shareholders provided that, immediately following the date on which the dividend is proposed to be distributed, the Company will be in a position to pay off its debts as and when they fall due in the ordinary course of business.

## FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the past five financial years is set out on page 170 of this annual report.

## PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details  of  movements  in  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  the  Group  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  note  15  to  the consolidated financial statements.

## INVESTMENT PROPERTY

Details  of  movements  in  investment  properties  of  the  Group  during  the  Year  are  set  out  in  note  16  to  the  consolidated financial statements.

## RETIREMENT SCHEMES

Details of the retirement schemes of the Group are set out in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

## DONATIONS

Charitable  and  other  donations  made  by  the  Group  during  the  Year  amounted  to  approximately  US$11,000  (2021: US$3,009,000).

## Report of Directors

## SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company adopted a share option scheme (the ' Share Option Scheme ')  on  April  9,  2019,  pursuant to which the Board may, at its absolute discretion, offer to grant to any Eligible Person (as defined below) an option to subscribe for Shares.

Subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Listing Rules '), ' Eligible Persons ' include any director or proposed director (including an independent non-executive  director)  of  any  member  of  our  Group,  any  executive  director  of,  manager  of,  or  other  employee  holding an  executive,  managerial,  supervisory  or  similar  position  in,  any  member  of  our  Group  (an  ' Employee '),  any  proposed Employee, any full-time or part-time Employee, or a person for the time being seconded to work full-time or part-time for any member of our Group (an ' Executive '), a consultant, business or joint venture partner, franchisee, contractor, agent or representative of any member of our Group, a person or entity that provides research, development or other technological support  or  any  advisory,  consultancy,  professional  or  other  services  to  any  member  of  our  Group,  or  an  Associate  (as defined under the Listing Rules) of any of the foregoing persons.

The  purposes  of  the  Share  Option  Scheme  are  to  motivate  Eligible  Persons  to  optimize  their  future  contributions  to  our Group and/or to reward them for their past contributions, to attract and retain or otherwise maintain on-going relationships with Eligible Persons who are significant to and/or whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the performance, growth or  success of the Group, and additionally in the case of Executives, to enable our Group to attract and retain individuals with experience and ability and/or to reward them for their past contributions.

Under the Share Option Scheme and subject to the Listing Rules, an option may be exercised at any time during a period to be notified by the Board to each grantee. The Board may also provide restrictions on the exercise of an option during the period an option may be exercised. As of the date of this annual report, the total number of shares available for issue under the Share Option Scheme is 36,000,000, representing 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company as of the date of this annual report. Subject to the Listing Rules, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of the options granted to any one Eligible Person (including exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares in issue from time to time. Each grantee shall pay a consideration of HK$10 upon acceptance of the offer of the option (within 21 days of the offer) and the exercise price of the share options will be determined by the Board and shall be less than the highest of (i) the nominal value of a Share; (ii) the closing price of Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet on the offer date; and (iii) the average of the closing prices of Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange's daily quotations sheet for the five business days immediately preceding the offer date.

The  Share  Option  Scheme  will  remain  in  force  for  ten  years  from  the  Listing  Date  until  May  15,  2029,  unless  otherwise determined in accordance with its terms.

During  the  Year,  no  options  were  granted,  exercised  or  cancelled,  or  lapsed  under  the  Share  Option  Scheme  and  there were no options outstanding as at December 31, 2022. No share options were granted to any Eligible Person since the adoption of the Scheme.

## MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

The  three  hotel  management  agreements  made  between  the  Group  and  the  Hotel  Manager  in  respect  of  Crowne  Plaza Resort Guam, Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Kanoa Resort respectively dated September 10, 2019, May 1, 2020 and December 29, 2020 remained in effect during the Year. Each of the hotel management agreements are for an initial term of 25 years from its commencement date with two options to renew for an additional 5 years each.

## Report of Directors

The hotel management agreements in respect of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam and Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan commenced in  October  2019  and  August  2020  respectively,  and  the  Hotel  Manager  has  been  managing  both  hotels  throughout  the Year. On July 30, 2022, the emergency contract in respect of Kanoa Resort between the Group and the local government authority  has  completed.  Kanoa  Resort  is  currently  closed  and  the  Group  is  in  the  process  of  carrying  out  planning  and design works for the renovation and rebranding of the hotel. The hotel management agreement in respect of Kanoa Resort has not commenced pending completion of the relevant renovation and rebranding works to be carried out. When the hotel management agreement in respect of Kanoa Resort commences, the Hotel Manager will be managing three out of four of the Group's hotels and resorts under our Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment. During the Year, as confirmed by the Hotel Manager, Crowne Plaza Resort  Saipan  and  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  were  grand  open  on  October  31,  2022  and  soft  open  on November 16, 2022, respectively. Kanoa Resort will be rebranded as 'voco Resort Saipan' upon commencement of the hotel  management agreement. Under the terms of the three hotel management agreements, the Hotel Manager provides hotel management services and manages and operates the three hotels in accordance with the relevant brand standards. The Group retains its rights as hotel owner over certain key managerial, financial and strategic decisions.

None of the Directors has a material interest in the hotel management agreements.

Save  as  aforesaid,  no  contracts,  other  than  contracts  of  service  with  Directors  or  persons  engaged  under  the  full-time employment of the Company, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the Company were entered into or subsisted during the Year.

## DIRECTORS AND DIRECTORS' SERVICE AGREEMENTS

The Directors who held office during the Year and up to the date of this annual report were:

## Chairman and Non-Executive Director

Dr. TAN Siu Lin , SBS

## Executive Directors

Dr. TAN Henry , BBS, JP Mr. CHIU George Mrs. SU TAN Jennifer Sze Tink Mr. SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William

## Non-Executive Director

Mr. TAN Willie

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David (Deceased on November 9, 2022) Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung Mr. WONG Chun Tat, JP (Appointed on December 16, 2022)

The Company received written confirmations from the independent non-executive Directors of their independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors as independent.

## Report of Directors

## APPOINTMENTS, RETIREMENT, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

Each  of  the  executive  Directors  has  entered  into  a  service  contract  with  the  Company  for  a  term  of  three  years  and  is subject to termination by either party by giving not less than three months' written notice or compensation in lieu.

Each of the non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into a letter of appointment with the Company for a term of three years and is subject to termination by either party by giving not less than three months' written notice or compensation in lieu.

During the Year, the Group has been informed that Professor Chan Pak Woon David, former independent non-executive Director, former chairman of the nomination committee and former member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the Company, sadly passed away on November 9, 2022. On December 16, 2022, the Board has appointed Mr. Wong Chun Tat (' Mr. Wong ') as an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the nomination committee and member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the Company. The biographical details of Mr. Wong was set out in the section headed 'Management Executives' on pages 21 to 24 of this annual report.

Under the articles of association of the Company (the ' Articles '), at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not greater than one-third) shall retire  from  office  by  rotation.  In  addition,  according  to  the  Corporate  Governance  Code  as  set  out  in  Appendix  14  to  the Listing  Rules  (the  ' CG Code ')  and  the  Articles,  every  Director,  including  those  appointed  for  a  specific  term,  should  be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three years. A retiring Director is eligible for re-election and continues to act as a Director throughout the meeting at which he retires.

In accordance with the Articles, Dr. Tan Henry, Mr. Tan Willie and Mr. Ma Andrew Chiu Cheung will retire from office at the forthcoming annual general meeting (' AGM '). All retiring Directors, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the AGM.

The Articles  also  provide  that  any  Director  appointed  by  the  Board,  either  to  fill  a  causal  vacancy  in  the  Board  or  as  an addition to the existing Board, shall hold office only until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election. Accordingly, Mr. Wong, who was appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy and took office  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  with  effect  from  December  16,  2022,  will  hold  office  until  the  upcoming annual general meeting of the Company and, being eligible, will offer himself for re-election.

## DIRECTORS' MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save  as  disclosed  under  the  paragraph  headed  'Connected  Transactions,  Directors'  and  Shareholders'  Interests  in Contracts' below, no other transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group's business to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director and the Director's connected entities had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted as at December 31, 2022 or at any time during the Year.

## DIRECTORS' RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

Save  as  disclosed  under  the  paragraph  headed  'Directors'  and  Chief  Executives'  Interests  in  Shares'  below,  at  no  time during the Year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of an acquisition of shares or underlying shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.

## BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

The biographical details of Directors and senior management are set out in the section headed 'Management Executives' on pages 21 to 24 of this annual report.

## DIRECTORS' AND MANAGEMENT EMOLUMENTS

Particulars  of  Directors'  emoluments  and  the  five  highest  paid  individuals  in  the  Group  are  set  out  in  notes  10  and  11 respectively to the consolidated financial statements. The Board is not aware of any Directors who have waived or agreed to waive any emoluments.

## DIRECTORS' AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES' INTERESTS IN SHARES

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  interests  of  the  Directors  and  chief  executives  of  the  Company  and  its  associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Future Ordinance, Cap. 571 of the laws of Hong Kong (the ' SFO ')), as recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO, or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the ' Model Code ') contained in the Listing Rules were as follows:

## Long position in the Shares

| Shares in the Company  Directors  Personal  interests (held  as beneficial  owner)  Corporate  interests  (interests of  controlled  corporations)  Total interests  Percentage of  interests in the  Company  (a)  Dr. TAN Siu Lin  (b)  -  270,000,000  270,000,000  75%  Dr. TAN Henry  (c)  -  270,000,000  270,000,000  75%   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) The percentage has been compiled based on the total number of Shares issued (i.e. 360,000,000) as at December 31, 2022.

- (b) Dr. Tan Siu Lin is deemed to be interested in 270,000,000 Shares under the SFO (representing 75% of the Company's entire issued share capital) held by THC Leisure Holdings Limited (' THC Leisure ') because (i) he acts in concert with Dr. Tan Henry in respect of the affairs of the Group, (ii) he and Dr. Tan Henry together control the majority of the board of directors of Supreme Success Limited (' Supreme Success '), which is the registered owner of the entire interests in Leap Forward Limited (' Leap Forward ') as the trustee of a discretionary family trust, (iii) he and Dr. Tan Henry together control the majority of the protectors of the said discretionary family trust and the board of directors of Leap Forward, and are thus entitled to exercise the voting rights in Leap Forward, (iv) he is the founder of the said discretionary family trust, (v) Leap Forward is the registered owner of a 39% interest in Tan Holdings Corporation (' Tan Holdings '),  and  (vi)  Tan  Holdings  is  the  registered  owner  of  the  entire  interests  in  THC  Leisure.  As  such,  THC  Leisure  is  a controlled corporation of Dr. Tan Siu Lin.
- (c) Dr. Tan Henry is deemed to be interested in 270,000,000 Shares under the SFO (representing 75% of the Company's entire issued share capital) held by THC Leisure because (i) he acts in concert with Dr. Tan Siu Lin in respect of the affairs of the Group, (ii) he and Dr. Tan Siu Lin together control the majority of the board of directors of Supreme Success, which is the registered owner of the entire interests in Leap Forward as the trustee of a discretionary family trust, (iii) he and Dr. Tan Siu Lin together control the majority of the protectors of the said discretionary family trust and the board of directors of Leap Forward and are thus entitled to exercise the voting rights in Leap Forward, (iv) Leap Forward is the registered owner of a 39% interest in Tan Holdings, and (v) Tan Holdings is the registered owner of the entire interests in THC Leisure. As such, THC Leisure is a controlled corporation of Dr. Tan Henry. He is also the founder of a discretionary family trust which is the registered owner of a 20% interest in Tan Holdings.

## Report of Directors

## SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN SHARES

As at December 31, 2022, the register of substantial Shareholders maintained pursuant to Section 336 of Part XV of the SFO showed that  other  than  the  interests  disclosed  in  the  section  headed  'Directors'  and  Chief  Executives'  Interests  in Shares' above, the following Shareholders had notified the Company of their relevant interests in the issued share capital of the Company.

## Long position in the Shares

| Name of Shareholder  Capacity/Nature of interests  Number of Shares  Percentage of  interests in the  Company  (a)  Dr. TAN Siu Lin  (b)  Interests in a controlled  corporation  270,000,000  75%  Dr. TAN Henry  (c)  Interests in a controlled  corporation  270,000,000  75%  THC Leisure  (d)  Beneficial interests  270,000,000  75%  Tan Holdings  (d)  Interests in a controlled  corporation  270,000,000  75%  Leap Forward  (d)  Interests in a controlled  corporation  270,000,000  75%  Supreme Success  (d)  Interests in a controlled  corporation  270,000,000  75%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The percentage has been compiled based on the total number of Shares in issue (i.e. 360,000,000) as at December 31, 2022.
- (b) Dr. Tan Siu Lin is deemed to be interested in 270,000,000 Shares under the SFO (representing 75% of the Company's entire issued share capital)  held  by  THC  Leisure  because  (i)  he  acts  in  concert  with  Dr.  Tan  Henry  in  respect  of  the  affairs  of  the  Group,  (ii)  he and Dr. Tan Henry together control the majority of the board of directors of Supreme Success, which is the registered owner of the entire interests in Leap Forward as the trustee of a discretionary family trust, (iii) he and Dr. Tan Henry together control the majority of the protectors of the said discretionary family trust and the board of directors of Leap Forward, and are thus entitled to exercise the voting rights in Leap Forward, (iv) he is the founder of the said discretionary family trust, (v) Leap Forward is the registered owner of a 39% interest in Tan Holdings, and (vi) Tan Holdings is the registered owner of the entire interests in THC Leisure. As such, THC Leisure is a controlled corporation of Dr. Tan Siu Lin.
- (c) Dr. Tan Henry is deemed to be interested in 270,000,000 Shares under the SFO (representing 75% of the Company's entire issued share capital) held by THC Leisure because (i) he acts in concert with Dr. Tan Siu Lin in respect of the affairs of the Group, (ii) he and Dr. Tan Siu Lin together control the majority of the board of directors of Supreme Success, which is the registered owner of the entire interests in Leap Forward as the trustee of a discretionary family trust, (iii) he and Dr. Tan Siu Lin together control the majority of the protectors of the said discretionary family trust and the board of directors of Leap Forward and are thus entitled to exercise the voting rights in Leap Forward, (iv) Leap Forward is the registered owner of a 39% interest in Tan Holdings, and (v) Tan Holdings is the registered owner of the entire interests in THC Leisure. As such, THC Leisure is a controlled corporation of Dr. Tan Henry. He is also the founder of a discretionary family trust which is the registered owner of a 20% interest in Tan Holdings.
- (d) THC Leisure  directly  holds  270,000,000  Shares  (representing  75%  of  the  Company's  entire  issued  share  capital).  THC  Leisure  is 100% directly owned by Tan Holdings. Leap Forward holds 39% interest in Tan Holdings directly and Supreme Success holds 100% interest in Leap Forward.

Save  as  disclosed  above,  so  far  as  is  known  to  the  Directors,  there  is  no  other  person  (not  being  a  Director  or  chief executive of the Company) who has an interest or a short position in the Shares or underlying shares which could fall to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or, who is directly or indirectly, interested in 5% or more of the nominal value of any class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other members of the Group.

## CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTORS' AND SHAREHOLDERS' INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS

The related party transactions of the Company for the Year are set out in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements. Other  than  disclosed  below,  the  related  party  transactions  of  the  Company  did  not  constitute  connected  transactions  or continuing connected transactions of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules which are required to comply with any of the reporting, announcement and/or independent shareholders' approval requirements under the Listing Rules.

## Non-exempt Continuing Connected Transactions

During  the  Year,  the  Group  entered  into  a  number  of  transactions  which  constituted  non-exempt  continuing  connected transactions for the Company and are subject to announcement, annual review and/or independent shareholders' approval requirements contained in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The following table  is  a  summary  of  the  approximate  aggregate  value  and  the  annual  caps  of  each  category  of  the  nonexempt continuing connected transactions of the Group pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules for the Year. Details of these connected transactions are set out below in accordance with the Listing Rules.

| For the Year ended  December 31, 2022  Connected Parties  Category  Aggregate Value  Annual Cap  US$'000  US$'000  Expenses  QZ Tours  Holiday Package Transactions  (a)  -  5,079  TakeCare  Medical Insurance  (b)  524  1,834  Cosmos Saipan, Cosmos Guam and D&amp;Q  Consumer Goods Transactions  (c)  50  1,046  Beach Road Tourism, L&amp;T Group and  Luen Thai International  Leased premises  (d)  350  -  CTSI Group  Freight and Logistics Transactions  (e)  1,109  1,255  Income  Strategic Gaming  Leased premises  (d)  -  -   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) On April 9, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with 泉州市世紀旅遊投資有限公司 (' QZ Tours ') for a term commencing from April 9, 2019 to December 31, 2021 pursuant to which QZ Tours agreed to (i) reserve in bulk accommodation in our hotels and resorts, (ii) purchase meal coupons from our on-site restaurants and our self-operated excursion tours, and (iii) procure destinationbased, concierge and travel management services from our Destination Services Segment (the ' Holiday Package Transactions '). These travel products and services are often bundled by QZ Tours into holiday packages and on-sold to its customers. The Holiday Package Transactions relate to our business operations in Saipan only.

QZ Tours has been providing the Holiday Package Transactions for more than five years before the Company's Listing on the Stock Exchange. The commercial terms we offered to QZ Tours were substantially the same as those we offered to other independent tour operators, with the exceptions that (i) we generally offer a discount to tour operators which place bulk bookings with us and the level of such discount is determined primarily based on the level of bulk bookings placed with us, (ii) only QZ Tours may extend its guest room check-out time until mid-night at a special late night charge, (iii) only QZ Tours had the option to increase its room allocation in  the  event  that  it  has  secured  additional  charter  flights  between  Saipan  and  mainland  China,  (iv)  QZ  Tours  was  given  a  short cancellation or release date, and (v) only QZ Tours had the option to guarantee a room reservation without providing guest names.

## Report of Directors

Notwithstanding the difference in the terms we offer to QZ Tours and other independent tour operators set out above, the terms and conditions of the Holiday Package Transactions reflect normal commercial terms negotiated on an arm's length basis. Furthermore, the bulk purchase volume of QZ Tours gives us a stable volume from which we optimize our revenue and yield and hedge our risks against the cyclical and seasonal downside of the leisure tourism market in Saipan.

Given  the  long  term  and  mutually  beneficial  collaboration  with  QZ  Tours,  the  Directors  (including  the  independent  non-executive Directors)  consider  that  such  Holiday  Package  Transactions  and  their  respective  terms  and  conditions  are  on  normal  commercial terms, are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.

QZ Tours is owned as to 99% by Mr. ZHOU Xindong ( 周新東先生 ), who is a brother-in-law of Dr. Tan Henry (the Vice Chairman of the Board, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder). QZ Tours is a majority-controlled corporation of a deemed connected person, and hence a connected person of the Company.

The aforesaid agreement with QZ Tours expired on December 31, 2021 and the Company entered into a new framework agreement (the ' New QZ Framework Agreement ') with QZ Tours on November 10, 2021. Pursuant to the New QZ Framework Agreement, the annual caps for the Holiday Package Transactions as agreed between the Company and QZ Tours for each of the three years ending December 31, 2024 are US$5,079,000, US$16,311,000 and US$17,465,000, respectively.

- (b) On  April  9,  2019,  the  Company  entered  into  an  agreement  with  TakeCare  Insurance  Company,  Inc.  (' TakeCare ')  for  a  term commencing from April 9, 2019 to December 31, 2021, pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase medical and dental insurance  coverage  (the  ' Medical  Insurance ')  for  our  employees.  Under  the  agreement,  our  employees  also  have  the  option  to enhance his/her coverage and benefits and/or extend the Medical Insurance to his/her family members by paying additional insurance premium, which would be settled through our Group initially and deducted from their salary (the ' Additional Coverage ').

TakeCare is one of the leading medical and dental insurers in Saipan and Guam with a sizable network of clinics. In our ordinary and usual course of business, we have been purchasing the Medical Insurance and the Additional Coverage from TakeCare for a long time before the Company's Listing on the Stock Exchange. The Directors believe that such transactions are beneficial to the Group and the Shareholder as a whole taking into account the scale and quality of TakeCare's operation in Saipan and Guam as well as the extent of coverage it offers. Besides, the Group is able to leverage on its long-established relationship with TakeCare.

The insurance premium payable by us to TakeCare is determined on a case-by-case basis in arm's length commercial negotiations. The  Directors  (including  the  independent  non-executive  Directors)  consider  that  the  terms  and  conditions  under  the  Medical Insurance  and  the  premium  payable  reflect  normal  commercial  terms,  are  fair  and  reasonable  and  no  less  favorable  compared  to other independent insurers.

TakeCare is a 30%-controlled corporation of Dr. Tan Siu Lin (the Chairman of the Board, a Non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder) and Dr. Tan Henry (the Vice Chairman of the Board, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder). TakeCare is an associate of a connected person, and hence a connected person of the Company.

The aforesaid agreement with TakeCare expired on December 31, 2021 and the Company entered into a new framework agreement (the ' New TakeCare Framework Agreement ') with TakeCare on November 10, 2021. Pursuant to the New TakeCare Framework Agreement, the annual caps agreed between the Company and TakeCare for each of the three years ending on December 31, 2024 are US$1,834,000, US$2,933,000 and US$3,080,000, respectively.

- (c) On April  9,  2019,  the  Company  entered  into  an  agreement  with  Cosmos  Distributing  Co.  (Saipan)  Ltd.  (' Cosmos Saipan '),  Cosmos Distributing Co., Ltd. (' Cosmos Guam ') and D&amp;Q Co., Ltd. (' D&amp;Q ') for a term commencing from April 9, 2019 to December 31, 2021, pursuant to which the Company agreed to procure miscellaneous supplies of consumer goods, such as linens, towels, detergents and food and beverage ingredients, principally for our hotels and resorts operations (the ' Consumer Goods Transactions '). Cosmos Saipan has ceased to operate since mid-2017 and its wholesale business was transferred to and taken up by D&amp;Q.

Each of Cosmos Guam and D&amp;Q is a consumer goods wholesaler in Guam and Saipan of significant scale. The terms and conditions of  the  Consumer  Goods  Transactions  are  determined  on  a  case-by-case  basis  based  on  arm's  length  commercial  negotiations and the  amounts  payable  by  us  to  Cosmos  Guam  and  D&amp;Q  under  the  Consumer  Goods  Transactions  have  been  more  favorable to  us  compared  to  our  other  independent  suppliers.  The  Directors  confirm  that  the  terms  and  conditions  under  the  Consumer Goods Transactions reflect normal commercial terms, are fair and reasonable and no less favorable compared to other independent consumer goods wholesalers.

Given the scale of the operation and the quality of supplies of Cosmos Guam and D&amp;Q in Guam and Saipan, the Directors further consider that the Consumer Goods Transactions are in the interests of our Group and the Shareholders as a whole.

Each of Cosmos Guam and D&amp;Q is a 30%-controlled corporation of Tan Holdings (a controlling shareholder) and an associate of Mr.  Chiu  George  (an  Executive  Director).  Each  of  Cosmos  Guam  and  D&amp;Q  is  an  associate  of  a  connected  person,  and  hence  a connected person of the Company.

The  aforesaid  agreements  expired  on  December  31,  2021  and  the  Company  entered  into  new  framework  agreements  (the  ' New Consumer  Goods  Framework  Agreements ')  with  Cosmos  Guam  and  D&amp;Q  on  November  10,  2021.  Pursuant  to  the  New Consumer Goods Framework Agreements, the annual caps agreed between the Company, Cosmos Guam and D&amp;Q for each of the three years ending on December 31, 2024 are US$1,046,000, US$1,098,000 and US$1,153,000, respectively.

- (d) On April 9, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with Beach Road Tourism Development, Inc. (' Beach Road Tourism '), L&amp;T  Group  of  Companies,  Ltd.  (' L&amp;T  Group ')  and  Luen  Thai  International  Development  Limited  (' Luen  Thai  International ')  in relation  to  the  leasing  of  certain  premises  as  travel  retail  boutiques,  a  souvenir  and  amenities  store,  a  burger  joint,  a  warehousing unit in Saipan, and our corporate headquarter in Hong Kong, for a term commencing from April 9, 2019 to December 31, 2021. The Company, as landlord, has also entered into a concession agreement with Strategic Gaming Solutions, Inc. (' Strategic Gaming '), to lease premises within our Kanoa Resort as an amusement and gaming center operated by Strategic Gaming, for a term commencing from  April  9,  2019  to  December  31,  2021  (the  said  tenancy  agreements  and  concession  agreement  together,  the  ' Connected Tenancy Agreements ').

Each of Beach Road Tourism, L&amp;T Group, Luen Thai International and Strategic Gaming, has been leasing properties to/from the Group since the Listing. The Directors believe that such lease arrangements are for cost efficiency and for better utilization of the Group's premises, which are beneficial to the Group and the Shareholders as a whole.

Given  the  prime  location  of  the  premises  and  the  level  of  rental  and  other  income  received  or  paid  by  us,  the  Directors  further consider that the leasing arrangements and their respective terms are on normal commercial terms, are fair and reasonable and are in the interests of our Group and the Shareholders as a whole.

Each  of  Beach  Road  Tourism,  L&amp;T  Group,  Luen  Thai  International  and  Strategic  Gaming  is  a  30%-controlled  corporation  and  an associate of Tan Holdings (a controlling shareholder), Dr. Tan Siu Lin (the Chairman of the Board, a Non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder) and Dr. Tan Henry (the Vice Chairman of the Board, an Executive Director, the Chief Executive Officer and a controlling shareholder). Each of Beach Road Tourism, L&amp;T Group, Luen Thai International and Strategic Gaming is an associate of a connected person, and hence a connected person of the Company.

- (e) On April 9, 2019, the Company entered into an agreement with CTSI Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries (the ' CTSI Group ') for a term commencing from April 9, 2019 to December 31, 2021, pursuant to which the Company procures warehousing, international freight  forwarding,  customs  clearance  and  local  courier  services  for  our  fixtures,  furniture,  retail  merchandises  and  miscellaneous supplies and documents (the ' Freight and Logistics Transactions ').

The CTSI Group is a logistics and freight service provider in Saipan and Guam of significant scale. The terms and conditions of the Freight  and  Logistics  Transactions  are  determined  on  a  case-by-case  basis  based  on  arm's  length  commercial  negotiations.  The Directors believe that the terms and conditions under the Freight and Logistics Transactions reflect normal commercial terms, are fair and reasonable and no less favorable compared to other independent logistics and freight service providers.

Given  the  scale  of  the  operation  and  the  quality  of  the  freight  forwarding  services  provided  by  CTSI  Group  in  Saipan  and  Guam,  the Directors further believe that the Freight and Logistics Transactions are in the interests of our Group and the Shareholders as a whole.

Each  of  CTSI  Holdings  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries  is  a  30%-controlled  corporation  of  a  connected  person  of  the  Group  and  an associate  of  Dr.  Tan  Henry  (the  Vice  Chairman  of  the  Board,  an  Executive  Director,  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  and  a  controlling shareholder).  Each  of  CTSI  Holdings  Limited  and  its  subsidiaries  is  an  associate  of  a  connected  person,  and  hence  a  connected person of the Company.

The  aforesaid  agreement  with  CTSI  Group  expired  on  December  31,  2021  and  the  Company  entered  into  a  new  framework agreement  (the  ' New CTSI Framework Agreement ')  with  the  CTSI  Group  on  November  10,  2021.  Pursuant  to  the  New  CTSI Framework Agreement, the annual caps agreed between the Company and the CTSI Group for each of the three years ending on December 31, 2024 are US$1,255,000, US$970,000 and US$1,024,000, respectively.

The Company has conducted a review of its continuing connected transactions and confirmed that all such transactions had complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## Report of Directors

## Confirmations from the independent non-executive Directors and auditor

Pursuant  to  Rule  14A.55  of  the  Listing  Rules,  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  have  reviewed  the  aforesaid continuing  connected  transactions  and  have  confirmed  that  these  continuing  connected  transactions  (i)  were  entered  into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) were either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from independent third parties; and (iii) were in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

The  Company's  auditor  was  engaged  to  report  on  the  Group's  continuing  connected  transactions  in  accordance  with 'Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of  Historical  Financial  Information'  and  with  reference  to  Practice  Note  740  (Revised)  'Auditor's  Letter  on  Continuing Connected  Transactions  under  the  Hong  Kong  Listing  Rules'  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public Accountants.  The  auditor  of  the  Company  confirmed  that  the  above  transactions  were  approved  by  the  Board,  were  in accordance with the pricing policies of the Company, and were entered into under respective agreements that regulate such transactions  and  did  not  exceed  any  of  the  relevant  caps  as  mentioned  in  the  relevant  agreements  and  announcements of  the  Company.  The  auditor  has  issued  an  unqualified  letter  containing  the  findings  and  conclusions  in  respect  of  the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group on pages 37 to 39 of this annual report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor's letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.

The Company confirmed that, save as disclosed above:

- (i) there were no subsisting contracts of significance to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which any one of the Directors of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, at the end of the Year or at any time during the Year; and
- (ii) there  were  no  transactions  which  need  to  be  disclosed  as  connected  transactions  in  accordance  with  the requirements of the Listing Rules.

## EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

No equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares or that require the Company to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares were entered into by the Company during the Year or subsisted at the end of the Year.

## PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Article 164(1) of the Articles provides that every Director or other officer of the Company shall be entitled to be indemnified and  secured  harmless  out  of  the  assets  and  profits  of  the  Company  from  and  against  actions,  costs,  charges,  losses, damages  and  expenses  as  a  result  of  any  act  or  failure  to  act  in  the  execution  of  their  duty.  The  Company  has  also maintained Directors' and officers' liability insurance during the Year.

## PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing Shareholders.

## PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company's listed Shares during the Year.

## PUBLIC FLOAT

As of the date of this annual report, the Company has maintained the prescribed public float under the Listing Rules, based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors.

## DIRECTORS' INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules, there were no competing business of which a Director had a material interest, whether  directly  or  indirectly,  subsisting  at  the  end  of  the  Year  or  at  any  time  during  the  Year  which  is  required  to  be disclosed.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Corporate Governance Report of the Company is set out in pages 81 to 98 of this annual report.

## AUDITOR

The  consolidated  financial  statements  for  the  Year  have  been  audited  by  Messrs.  Ernst  &amp;  Young.  A  resolution  will  be submitted to the forthcoming AGM of the Company to re-appoint Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young as the auditor of the Company.

On behalf of the Board

TAN Henry , BBS, JP Vice Chairman of the Board, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

March 30, 2023

## Principal Risks and Uncertainties

The Group's business operations and results may be affected by various factors, some of which are external causes, and some are inherent to the business. There are several principal risks and uncertainties which may directly or indirectly affect the Group's business operations, financial conditions and future business prospects. The magnitude of the impact on the Group arising from these risks depends on the severity, duration and locality of the relevant event should it occur. There are also risks that are not significant now but can turn significant, risks that we are not aware of and/or new risks that may emerge in the future. Outlined below are the several principal risks and uncertainties that may affect the Group, but this list is not intended to be exhaustive or comprehensive:

## 1. Macro-economic and political environment

The Group is one of the leading leisure tourism groups in Saipan and Guam. Our business is particularly sensitive to the general macro-economic and political environment, which could affect levels of discretionary leisure tourism and tourist spending. In particular, the number of tourists traveling and the amount they spend on holidays could decrease if  disposable  income  reduces,  sales  taxes  or  value-added  taxes  increase,  unemployment  rate  increases,  transport and fuel costs increase, or the spending habits of tourists change in response to uncertain economic conditions. We closely  monitor changes in the macro-economic environment and endeavor to adjust our business plans in a timely manner.

## 2. Tourist Arrivals

The Group's business depends on the number of tourist arrivals in Saipan and Guam, which is highly reliant on the schedule and price of the flights to and from Saipan and/or Guam. These flights could be regular flights or chartered flights.  Suspension or reduction in the frequency of direct flights from a key tourist origin market, such as mainland China,  South  Korea  and/or  Japan,  could  significantly  reduce  the  number  of  tourist  arrivals  from  these  markets.  In turn, our results of operations might be adversely affected and the competition in the leisure tourism market in Saipan and Guam might intensify. The Group does not have any contractual relationship with airlines and control over their business decisions on flight operations and pricing. Nevertheless, we actively encourage the airlines to develop new flight routes from our key tourist origin markets with a view to facilitate a general increase in the number of air seats to and from Saipan and/or Guam.

## 3. Land lease renewal

The Kanoa Resort is operated on land parcels leased from the local government which will expire on June 15, 2025. If we fail to renew the land leases, we will lose a revenue stream and our business prospects, results of operations and financial conditions could decline. The renewal of the public land leases will be subject to the publication of a public notice and a public hearing (where public comments are collected) as well as commercial negotiations on statutorily prescribed  terms  and  conditions,  including  rental  level,  new  improvements  and  upgrades  and  public  benefits  and contributions (such as local employment, public facilities or infrastructure), all of which are common in the context of public land lease renewals in the CNMI and Guam but are not entirely within our control. As of the date of this annual report, we are finalizing the land lease renewal with the local government.

## 4. Human Resources

The Group's operations in Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment is labor-intensive. Our success depends in large on our ability to  attract,  retain,  train,  manage  and  engage  employees.  The  level  of  services  we  provide  to  our  guests  depend a  significant  degree  on  the  quality  and  skillset  of  our  staff  (including  our  temporary  and  full-time  employees  and our  casual  staff).  The  failure  to  attract,  retain,  train,  manage  and  engage  skilled  employees  could  reduce  guest satisfaction  and  thus  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on  our  business,  results  of  operations  and  financial  conditions. Staffing shortages could also hinder our ability to grow and expand our businesses. A shortage of skilled employees could also require higher wages that would increase our personnel costs and could adversely affect our profits. The Group monitors labor market conditions on a regular basis to ensure our employment terms are both reasonable and competitive while maintaining our high quality of services.

## 5. Legal and Compliance

The Group is committed to complying with all relevant legal, regulatory and contractual requirements, which gives rise to compliance costs.

The  Group's  Hotels  &amp;  Resorts  Segment  has  three  hotel  management  agreements  with  our  Hotel  Manager,  each  of which has a term of 25 years from its commencement date with two options to renew for an additional 5 years each. During the term of the hotel management agreements, we are subject to a number of terms and obligations which may restrict our hotels and resorts business operations. Failure to observe the terms of the hotel management agreements may give rise to the Hotel Manager's right to prematurely terminate the hotel management agreements with 30 days' notice.

The Group's Luxury Travel Retail Segment has a number of franchise and distribution agreements with brand owners which typically have a fixed term of 4 to 5 years. During the term of these agreements, we are subject to a number of  terms  and  obligations  which  may  restrict  our  travel  retail  business  operations,  expansion  and  future  prospects. Failure to observe these terms may give rise to the brand owners' rights to prematurely terminate the franchise and distribution agreements with a nil to 60 days' notice.

During the Year, the Group has bank facilities of US$48,000,000. As of the date of this report, the full amount of the facilities was drawn to finance the renovation and upgrade works that have been carried out to Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan  and  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam.  The  two  hotels  have  reopened  on  October  31,  2022  and  November  16, 2022, respectively. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of the facilities with the bank, the Group is subject to certain undertaking  clauses  including  but  not  limited  to  financial  covenants  and  completion  of  the  renovation  and  upgrade works of Crowne Plaza Resort Saipan and Crowne Plaza Resort Guam at an agreed date. Failure to observe these covenants may allow the bank to request for immediate repayment of all outstanding bank borrowing drawn under the facility.

The  Group  actively  engages  external  professional  advisors  to  advise  on  relevant  legal,  regulatory  and  contractual requirements  to  ensure  compliance.  The  Group  also  actively  negotiates  with  the  bank  in  order  to  obtain  waivers for  relevant  undertaking  clauses  which  may  potentially  be  breached  in  order  to  avoid  the  bank  from  requesting  for immediate repayment and such that the bank facility will continue to be available to the Group.

## 6. Disaster Events

The Group's leisure tourism business will be materially and adversely affected by natural disaster events such as super typhoon or flooding. Other disaster events include acts or threats of terrorism, wars, travel-related accidents, outbreak of  contagious  diseases  or  other  catastrophic  events.  Depending  on  the  severity,  duration  and  locality,  such  events could  severely  disrupt  the  Group's  business  operations  and  cause  damages  to  our  properties.  Such  events,  or  a general apprehension of such events, may also significantly and adversely affect travel sentiments and reduce demand for tourism products and services in the affected destination. The Group regularly conducts risk assessment, and has taken out comprehensive insurance covering our properties, business operations and third-party liabilities.

The  global  outbreak  of  COVID-19  in  2020  is  an  example  of  such  disaster  events,  which  has  also  caused  changes in  the  macro-economic  environment,  dampening  of  global  travel  sentiment,  decrease  in  flight  availability  and  hence tourist arrivals, as well as changes in local laws and regulations (including but not limited to travel bans and mandatory quarantine requirements).

The  impact  of  the  COVID-19  outbreak  on  our  Group's  business  and  the  measures  taken  by  our  Group  to  manage the same are set out in the section headed 'Management Discussion and Analysis' on pages 10 to 20 of this annual report.

The extent of the impact of the COVID19 pandemic on the Group's business operations and financial results remains a principal risk and continues to create uncertainties for our Group's business operations and financial results.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ABOUT THIS REPORT

The Group is pleased to publish the environmental, social and governance (' ESG ') report (the ' ESG Report ') of the Group for the Year.

## Reporting Scope

The scope of this ESG Report covers the Group's corporate headquarter in Hong Kong and leisure tourism operations in Saipan,  Guam and Hawaii, territories  of  the  U.S.,  under  the  three  business  segments  of  hotels  and  resorts,  luxury  travel retail and destination services for the Year. Unless otherwise specified, the data include the following subsidiaries and the scope of the ESG Report remains the same as that in the previous years.

<!-- image -->

## Reporting Standard

This  ESG  Report  has  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  the  latest  requirements  of  the  ESG  Reporting  Guide  set  out  in Appendix  27  of  the  Listing  Rules.  In  developing  the  content  of  the  ESG  Report,  the  Group  adheres  to  the  fundamental reporting  principles,  namely  materiality,  quantitative,  balance  and  consistency,  as  outlined  in  the  HKEx  ESG  Reporting Guide.

| Reporting Principles  Description  Materiality  Material  topics  were  assessed  through  internal  discussion  and  engagement  of  key  stakeholders.  The  materiality  matrix  and  details  of  stakeholder  engagement  are  illustrated in the later section of the ESG Report.  Quantitative  All  environmental and social key performance indicators ('  KPI(s)  ')  in  the  ESG  Report  were calculated in accordance with a series of standardized methodologies and robust  methodologies were adopted as illustrated in the relevant sections.  Balance  We have included data comparisons over years to provide an unbiased comparison of  our ESG performance from time to time.  Consistency  The  ESG  Report  is  prepared  in  the  same  way  in  terms  of  the  reporting  scope  and  methodologies  when  compared  to  those  in  the  previous  years.  Consistent  environmental  and  social  data  management  approach  is  adopted  to  allow  a  fair  comparison of our performance over time.   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Board  has  acknowledged  its  responsibility  to  oversee  the  Company's  sustainable  development  and  ensure  that appropriate  and  effective  ESG  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  are  in  place.  The  ESG  Report  has  been reviewed and approved by the Board.

## Contact &amp; Feedback

The Group values your feedback and opinion on the ESG Report. Please feel free to contact us with the contact information below:

S.A.I. Leisure Group Company Limited 5/F Nanyang Plaza 57 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong Kowloon, Hong Kong

Email:

info@saileisuregroup.com

Company website:

www.saileisuregroup.com

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ABOUT THE GROUP

As  reflected  in  our  corporate  company  name,  the  Group  is  dedicated  to  providing  leisure  travelers  with  unique  and unforgettable experiences that encompass the themes of 'Sea, Air, and Island'. Since our establishment in 1972, we have positioned ourselves as one of the premier leisure tourism groups in the Western Pacific Region, committed to delivering exceptional service and ensuring visitors enjoy every aspect of our diverse leisure tourism business.

## Hotels and Resorts

In  our  Hotels  and  Resorts  Segment,  we  are  proud  to  own  four  properties  in  Saipan  and  Guam.  Our  beachfront  resorts, Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Saipan  and  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  are  premium  resorts  offering  a  wide  range  of  services  in respect of leisure and entertainment, meeting and events, dining and accommodation. Kanoa Resort is honored to be able to  support  the  CNMI  Homeland  Security  and  Emergency  Management  since  March  2020  by  providing  its  hotel  rooms, facilities  and  meal  services  to  persons  subject  to  the  mandatory  quarantine  requirements  upon  their  arrival  in  Saipan.  In July  2022,  the  relevant  emergency  contract  was  completed  and  Kanoa  Resort  is  currently  closed.  The  Group  is  now  in the  process  of  carrying  out  planning  and  design  works  for  the  renovation  and  rebranding  Kanoa  Resort  as  'voco  Resort Saipan'.  Meanwhile,  Century  Hotel  provides  budget-friendly  lodging  and  food  and  beverage  (' F&amp;B ')  services  for  both budget and business travellers.

We have partnered with one of the leading international hospitality chains, allowing us to further the Group's performance, market position and future business development. Our ultimate goal is to provide exceptional service and create memorable experiences that bring happiness to our guests.

## Luxury Travel Retail

We carry a suite of 9 world-renowned brands under the Group's Luxury Travel Retail Segment, providing our customers with  a  diverse  selection  of  fine  clothes,  leather  goods,  and  fashion  accessories.  As  of  the  end  of  the  Year,  we  have  16 boutiques in Saipan, Guam, and Hawaii. Each of our boutiques is a standalone 'concept store' that houses a single brand.

## Destination Services

In  Saipan,  we  provide  three  reasonably  priced  and  popular  excursion  tours  under  our  Destination  Services  Segment to  present  our  guests  with  unique  'Sea',  'Air'  and  'Island'  experiences.  SeaTouch  (a  stingray  interaction  experience), Jetovator  (a  hydro-powered  jetski  that  propels  participants  through  the  air)  and  Let's  Go  (a  4-wheel  drive  jungle  and mountain adventure) are the three unique experiences that we offer to our guests. Aside from that, the Group has three souvenir and amenities shops, two local tour agency offices that provide booking services for third-party and self-operated activities and tours, as well as destination-based concierge and travel management services to travelers in Saipan. We strive to optimize our customers' experiences by providing comprehensive one-stop tourist services.

## CORPORATE VALUES

| Value  We respect humanity and do the right things.  Accountability  We are responsible to each other and to all those we serve.  Learning  We continually expand our minds to enhance our performance, cope with the change in market  trends and growth.  Unity  We work together in harmony to achieve our common goals.  Empowerment  We have the strength to follow through on our commitments.  Satisfaction  We render our guests a feeling of wanting to return.   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

To set ourselves apart from competitors and remain agile in the face of changing market dynamics, we are guided by eight core corporate values that underpin our ESG commitments. These values are integral to our success and help us to deliver exceptional service while meeting the needs of all stakeholders.

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## ESG GOVERNANCE

A solid  and  effective  corporate  governance  framework  allows  us  for  more  adequate  oversight  and  better  management  of ESG  issues.  The  Group  has  established  an  ESG  governance  structure  with  four  management  levels  and  clearly  defined responsibilities to ensure the accountability of policy implementation and enhance our ESG performance.

The  goals  of  the  ESG  workforce  (the  ' Workforce ')  of  the  Group  include  overseeing  related  policies  and  practices, assessing, and making recommendations on issues about sustainable development of the Group. The Workforce ensures their  activities  correspond  to  the  appropriate  targets.  The  Workforce  meeting  is  held  at  least  once  a  year  to  discuss emerging ESG challenges and trends, identify and mitigate ESG risks, and assess the efficacy of the structures, policies, and  actions  of  the  Group.  Moreover,  the  Workforce  provides  the  Board  suggestions  for  tactics  on  issues  involving  the strategies of the corporate social responsibility and environmental aspects.

The Workforce directly presents its conclusions, choices, and recommendations to the Chief Executive Officer (' CEO ') and the  Audit  Committee.  The  Audit  Committee  oversees  and  supervises  the  Workforce  to  guarantee  adequate  and  efficient ESG  risk  management  procedures  are  in  place.  Regarding  any  ESG  risks  and  issues,  the  Audit  Committee  reports  its findings and suggestions to the Board.

The organization of our ESG management system, along with their duties, are summarized as follows:

<!-- image -->

| ## The Board  - Oversee ESG issues of the Group  - Set the approaches, strategies, priorities and objectives of the ESG management  - Evaluate the Group's performance periodically against ESG related goals and targets  - Identify and respond to the ESG-related issues, risks and opportunities  - Verify that ESG risk management and risk management system are efficient  - Review and approve the ESG Report  ## CEO  - Review and approve the Group's ESG management approaches, strategies, priorities and objectives  - Lead the Workforce which is responsible for developing sustainability short-term, mid-term and long-term goals and a set of ESG KPIs  - Review the Group's performance periodically against ESG related goals and targets  - Review and make recommendations to the Board in respect of the ESG strategies, priorities and targets   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Executive Vice President

- Facilitate and drive ESG strategies, goals and initiatives within the business units
- Set appropriate strategic goals, shorter term KPIs and associated targets related to ESG matters
- Monitor and report the performance against those KPIs and targets
- Monitor and review the Group's policies and practices relating to ESG matters to ensure that they are relevant, effective, reflective of best practice and comply with legal and regulatory requirements and international standards

## Group Financial Controller

- Lead the coordination and communication of ESG work streams across the Group to ensure consistency, integration and executable outcomes
- Develop and execute sustainability project goals, objectives, initiatives or strategies in collaboration with other external sustainability professionals
- Identify or procure required resources to implement sustainability programmes or projects
- Assist management to review sustainability targets and metrics as well as recommending improvement measures

## Vice President Human Resources

- Research or review regulatory, technical or market related sustainability publications in Guam, Saipan and Hawaii
- Provide technical or administrative support for ESG issues
- Organize workshops, seminars and trainings to enhance the ESG awareness of employee
- Support the development of corporate sustainability strategies that reflect important ESG issues to the Group

## Senior Finance Manager

- Facilitate the implementation of the defined sustainability projects and to ensure the sustainability projects are in line with the ESG strategies and targets
- Coordinate with internal departments and contracted partners to manage ESG disclosures and communications such as annual ESG report and questionnaires
- Perform regular benchmarking of the Group's sustainability performance against peers and leaders as well as monitoring emerging stakeholder trends and global sustainability-related policies and developments
- Coordinate the implementation of sustainability activities across Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam and Hawaii, handle related enquiries from both internal and external stakeholders
- Support preparation of ESG report and sustainability related disclosures, including data collection, measurement and analysis, stakeholder engagement and content development

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

In  order  to  develop  sustainable  strategies  for  the  Group's  daily  operations,  it  is  vital  to  understand  our  stakeholders' demands,  concerns  and  expectations  on  the  Group's  ESG  performance.  We  have  established  various  communication channels  to  facilitate  the  communication  process  with  both  internal  and  external  stakeholders.  The  key  communication channels and areas of concern are listed as follows:

| Stakeholder groups  Communication channels  Areas of concern  Investors and  shareholders  •  Company website  •  Company's announcements  •  Business performance  •  Business integrity  •  Compliance status  •  ESG management  Customers  •  Company website  •  Websites of each hotel and the excursion  tours  •  Customer direct communication  •  Customer feedback and complaints  •  Quality of services and products  Employees  •  Training and orientation  •  Email and opinion box  •  Regular meetings  •  Employee performance evaluation  •  Employee activities  •  Career development  •  Training  •  Remuneration &amp; benefits  •  Labor rights  •  Health &amp; safety  Suppliers and business  partners  •  Procurement process  •  Regular performance evaluation  •  Regular communication with business  partners (e.g. email, meetings, on-site visit  etc.)  •  Procurement standard  •  Supply chain management  •  Operation management  Government authorities  and regulators  •  Documented information submission  •  Compliance inspections and checks  •  Regular meetings/luncheons with local  government representatives  •  Forums, conferences and workshops  •  Compliance status  •  Report &amp; document submission  •  License registration  Non-governmental  organizations  •  Email  •  Phones  •  Charity donations and voluntary services  •  Labor rights  •  Environmental protection  Communities  •  Company website  •  Community activities  •  Community investment  •  Environmental protection  Media  •  Company website  •  Company's announcements  •  Social networking platforms  •  Compliance status  •  Environmental protection  •  Labor rights  •  Business integrity   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## MATERIALITY ASSESSMENT

To identify the material ESG issues to the Group and formulate appropriate ESG strategies, the Group has commissioned an  independent consultant to conduct a materiality assessment in form of an online questionnaire. Both our internal and external stakeholders were invited to participate in the online questionnaire by scoring 27 ESG topics in accordance with their  relevance  and  importance to the business operation and the stakeholder themselves respectively. ESG topics cover areas of environmental protection, community investment, operational practices and employment.

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Based on the scores of each of the ESG topics identified by the stakeholders, the ESG issues are prioritized and shown in the materiality matrix below. Topics that fell in the upper right corner of the matrix were identified as the topics that matter the most to the Group's business operations and that our stakeholders are most concerned about. We strive for continuous improvement in our ESG performance, governance, and policies in the future.

Significance to the Stakeholders

<!-- image -->

Significance to the Group's Business &amp; Operation

| Environment  Employment  Operation  1  Air emission  2  Greenhouse gas emission  3  Climate change  4  Energy efficiency  5  Water and effluents  6  Use of materials  7  Waste management  8  Environmental compliance  9  Labor rights  10  Labor management relations  11  Employee retention  12  Diversity and equal opportunity  13  Non-discrimination  14  Occupational health and safety  15  Employee training  16  Employee development  17  Prevention of child and forced  labor  18  Customer satisfaction  19  Customer service quality and  complaints handling  20  Customer health and safety  21  Marketing and product and  service labelling compliance  22  Intellectual property  23  Customer privacy and data  protection  24  Responsible supply chain  management  25  Business ethics  26  Socio-economic compliance  Community   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

27

Community support

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability and was listed on the Main Board of the HKEx on May 16, 2019. We are governed by the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules. For more information on our directors and governance structures, please refer to our Corporate Governance Report on pages 81 to 98 of this annual report..

## CARE FOR OUR EMPLOYEES

We  believe  that  employees  are  our  most  significant  assets  of  the Group, as their hard work and contributions are the driving force of our success and business development. As a responsible employer, we are committed to fostering a healthy and harmonious workplace for our employees. The Group strictly abides by all applicable laws and regulations in the regions where our operations are located.

During  the  Year,  the  Group  was  not  aware  of  any  material  noncompliance with laws and regulations in Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam or  Hawaii  relating  to  compensation  and  dismissal,  recruitment  and promotion, working hours, rest periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, or other benefits and welfare.

## Equal and Diversified Workplace

The  Group  embraces  inclusion  and  diversity  in  the  workplace  by  adopting  a  zero-tolerance  approach  to  any  form  of harassment and discrimination. We are dedicated to providing equal opportunities for all employees in various employment aspects, including remuneration, recruitment, training and promotion, such decisions are solely based on the qualifications, experiences, and capabilities of the employee. We prohibit all forms of discrimination based on race, sex, marital status, disability status, or other differences unrelated to employment requirements.

As stipulated in the Employee Handbook and Code of Conduct, we place a high value on human relations, human diversity and human rights, all staff are expected to treat one another and the public in a cordial and respectful manner. Spreading and  encouraging  gossip  that  creates  work  conflict  is  also  considered  as  misconduct  which  could  result  in  disciplinary actions up to dismissal.

We have developed a grievance system and urge all employees to promptly report any unfair treatment to them. Complaints can be reported to supervisor, department manager, the Human Resources manager or Legal Department. The assigned complaint  investigator  will  then  conduct  a  thorough  investigation  to  gather  all  material  information  and  propose  remedial actions.  We  will  maintain  confidentiality  throughout  the  investigation  and  strictly  forbid  any  form  of  retaliation  against  our employees. After the investigation is complete, the Group will take appropriate disciplinary actions against those who violate the anti-discrimination and anti-harassment policy, including counselling, written warning, demotion, discharge or any other action deemed appropriate.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Laws and Regulations

- Fair Labor Standards Act
- Guam Minimum Wage and Hour Act
- Family and Medical Leave Act
- Guam Child School-Related Leave Act
- Worker's Compensation Law of Guam
- Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
- Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967
- Americans with Disabilities Act
- Equal Pay Act of 1963
- Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

<!-- image -->

Total workforce by position

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| Employee Turnover Rate 1  % in 2022  % in 2021  Total  46.70  34.88  By gender  Male  51.87  35.19  Female  42.03  34.58  By age group  Below 30  49.37  128.57  30 to 50  48.42  23.16  Over 50  42.40  26.26  By geographical region  Hong Kong  0.00  40.00  Saipan  59.22  20.69  Guam  36.19  34.29  Hawaii  0.51  108.33   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Employment Practices

Maintaining  a  close  relationship  with  employees  is  always  a  top  priority  to  us,  and  we  strive  to  motivate  our  employees by  providing  a  dynamic  working  environment  and  competitive  remunerations  and  benefits.  Our  human  resources  policies provide guidance and information on recruitment and selection, employment remuneration and benefits, employee code of conducts, performance appraisal, promotion and termination, and so on.

We acknowledge that attractive remuneration packages can retain talents and enhance productivity. Therefore, the Group offers market-competitive salary packages, medical insurance, travel insurance, and compensation insurance. Performance appraisal is conducted regularly to provide both supervisors and employees with the opportunity to identify weaknesses or deviations from standards. Discretionary bonus will be offered based on the performance of the employee. In recognition of the loyalty of employee, we provide long service award with a gold coin according to their years of service.

In order to encourage employees to maintain a work-life balance, we have established specific working hours in employment contracts to avoid overtime work. In case of overtime work, employee should obtain approval from an immediate superior or department manager and we will provide them with overtime meal. The Group abides by the applicable laws and regulations on working hours and rest periods. Apart from statutory holidays, vacation leave and sick leave, our employees are also entitled  to  jury  or  witness  duty  leave,  voting  leave,  family  and  medical  leave,  military  leave,  and  major  disaster  volunteer leave. Additionally, duty meal(s) will be provided to our hotels and resorts staff during regular meal breaks in an associate restaurant.

We strictly prohibit any form of child and forced labor in our business operations. All employees are required to sign a legally binding contract to make sure they are working on a voluntary basis. New joiners are also offered new employee orientation, which includes information on labor rights. Besides, we will conduct regular reviews of our hiring practices to ensure that there is no child or forced labor in the workplace. The Group complies with all applicable laws and regulations relating to the prevention of child and forced labor, including the Fair Labor Standards Act and the Guam Minimum Wage and Hour Act. During the Year, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to child and forced labor in Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam, or Hawaii.

1 The  turnover  rate  is  calculated  by  dividing  the  employees  in  the  specified  category  leaving  employment  by  the  total  number  of employees in such specified category.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Safe and Healthy Workplace

Safeguarding employees' health and safety is the basic principle of the Group. We established a stringent policy to restrict employees from smoking, drug, and alcohol within office premises so as to protect their health. As the Group operates in three segments, and each of them has different needs and requirements for occupational safety and health (' OSH ').  The safety measures adopted for different segments will be described separately in the section below.

We strictly  abide  by  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  Occupational  Safety  and  Health Administration (' OSHA ')  Health Act of 1970 and the OSHA Hazard Communication Standard in the U.S.. During the past three years (i.e. from January 1, 2020 to December 31, 2022), the Group had zero cases of work-related fatality and lost days due to work injury. In addition, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations in Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam and Hawaii relevant to ensuring a safe working environment and protecting employees from occupational dangers during the Year.

## Hotels and Resorts

For the Hotels and Resorts Segment, the Group has implemented a robust Safety and Health Programme to manage a wide range of OSH issues, including safety training, on-site inspection, hazard identification, and communication. A Safety and Health Committee is also established to be responsible for formulating and managing OSH policies, as well as reviewing and evaluating statistical information, records, and reports on safety issues. The Safety and Health Committee is led by the hotel General Manager, who will conduct monthly meetings to evaluate the OSH issues in the Hotels and Resorts Segment.

In addition, we adopted a comprehensive Safety Inspection Checklist for the Hotels and Resorts Segment, the designated safety coordinator for each business unit will follow the instruction from the checklist and conduct quarterly inspection to identify potential OSH risks. The Safety Inspection Checklist is specifically designed for the hospitality industry, which covers a wide range of OSH issues, including but not limited to the allocation and conditions of safety equipment, the adequacy of safety measures of the work site, the hygiene condition of the workplace, the availability and condition of personal protective equipment and the storage arrangement of hazardous materials. The Group strictly complies with all OSHA standards and formulated  an  OSHA  inspection  policy,  guiding  the  inspection  procedures  and  the  identification  of  corrective  action.  For example, food-handling staff  must  obtain  or  renew  their  health  and  food  handler  certificates  annually  to  ensure  sufficient knowledge on handling food in a hygienic manner. During the Year, we also conducted monthly fire drill for the Hotels and Resorts Segment, and organized OSHA training that cover a wide range of safety topics, including CPR and first aid, as well as the handling of hazardous materials.

## Luxury Travel Retail

We  are  dedicated  to  providing  a  safe  and  healthy  environment  for  our  employees  and  customers.  In  the  Luxury  Travel Retail Segment, the Group established the Employee Safety Handbook to set out guidelines for achieving an accident-free workplace, such as hazard prevention, hazardous material spills, fire prevention, fall protection, and first aid treatment. In addition, safety and emergency policies are stipulated in the Tenant's Handbook provided by our landlords. We require our employees to be familiar with both Handbooks in order to prepare themselves for unpredictable situations such as fire and robbery.

## Destination Services

To  ensure  the  safety  of  employees  and  guests  across  various  situations  including  unexpected  events  and  possible emergencies, our business units under the Destination Services Segment have formulated their own policies on contingency plans, providing instructions on potential emergencies, such as natural disasters, car accidents, food poisoning, robberies, and  hazardous  material  spills.  The  safety  measures  and  contingency  plans  are  also  covered  in  the  orientation  training programme for new employees, all employees should remain calm and responsive during emergencies and always prepare a backup plan.

## A Harmonious Workplace

The Group believes that communication is the key to fostering a harmonious workplace. To this end, we have adopted an open-door  policy,  employees  are  welcome  to  speak  up  about  their  challenges  and  concerns  in  the  workplace  with  their corresponding supervisors and department managers. We promise that there will be no discrimination against any employee for making a complaint, including but not limited to the grounds of sex, marital status, pregnancy, disability, family status or trade union participation. We also accept anonymous opinions and grievances through the employee suggestion box.

In 2022, we organized several activities to build mutual trust and promote a sense of belonging among the Group. During the year-end appreciation party, we express our appreciation for employees' hard work throughout the Year and awarded the employees with long service.

<!-- image -->

## Training and Development

We understand that professional competency and development of our employees are essential to the Group's success. It is crucial to unleash the potential of our employees and foster a culture of continuous development. We actively encourage our  employees to further  develop  their  talents  and  potential  by  providing  a  variety  of  training  programmes,  as  well  as  an education  sponsorship  programme,  providing  financial  assistance  for  educational  development  outside  regular  working hours. In 2022, we have organized a total of 8,825 hours of training for our employees with an average of 22.40 hours per employee. The detailed training profile is illustrated in the table below:

| 2022  2021  Total number of training hours received by employees  8,825.00  2,834.00  Average training hours per employee and percentage (%) of employees  who received training 2  22.40 (83.25%)  13.18 (106.05%)  By gender  Female  21.28 (82.13%)  12.42 (100.00%)  Male  23.63 (84.49%)  13.94 (112.04%)  By employment category  Senior Management  18.91 (68.75%)  13.14 (104.55%)  Management/Supervisor  24.00 (86.27%)  9.75 (117.54%)  General Staff  22.20 (83.85%)  14.63 (101.47%)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

2 Including the trained employees who subsequently left employment by the end of Year.

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Hotels and Resorts

The Training and Development Policy is formulated for the Hotels and Resorts Segment to facilitate better management of employee's career and development. By providing a wide range of training programmes, we strive to help our employees to  acquire  or  replenish  skills  and  perform  better  at  their  jobs.  The  Group  offers  universal  training  programmes  such  as equal employment opportunity, customer services, time management and workplace hygiene, as well as focused training programmes  based  on  the  position  and  needs  of  employees,  such  as  housekeeping,  front  desk,  and  kitchen  skills.  To ensure  the  quality  and  effectiveness  of  our  training,  we  will  conduct  regular  evaluation  on  employees'  performance  and make continuous improvements.

In  addition, the Human Resources Department has been organizing orientation training for all newcomers, providing them with basic information about the Company's history, core values, business philosophy, in-house policies and procedures, and employee benefits. Throughout our regular appraisal process, we will not only assess the performance and potential of employees, but also willing to listen to their opinions. Employees are welcome to communicate with their supervisors on challenges and areas of improvement. The department heads and supervisors will provide our employees with constructive advice, and support employees to pursue further education and training programmes to thrive in the Group.

## Luxury Travel Retail

The Group also provides orientation training for all new employees in the Luxury Travel Retail Segment, the first 90 days of employment is an introductory period which allows our employees to be familiar with the Company. Meanwhile, as the franchiser  of  various  international  fashion  brands,  we  will  provide  a  tailor-made  orientation  programme  for  each  brand, guiding our employees to carry out daily job duties according to the standard of each brand, such as product information and  sales  techniques.  We  also  arranged  role-playing  sessions  to  simulate  the  potential  scenarios  employees  may  face during their daily work.

The performance and potential of employees will be evaluated by their supervisor during the introductory period, afterwards, we  will  conduct  an  annual  appraisal  to  keep  track  of  their  performance.  Based  on  the  personality  and  potential  of employees, we strive to assist their personal development and provide guidance on their career paths.

## Destination Services

For  the  Destination  Services  Segment,  we  strive  to  differentiate  ourselves  from  market  competitors  by  maintaining  an excellent service standard. By adopting a career-focused training method, all of our tour guides and staff of excursion tours are required to attend training courses related to their job duties, in order to refresh their knowledge and keep up with the market trend. Furthermore, we developed a stringent standard on contract renewal for employees from different divisions, tour guides must be holding a valid qualified tour guide certification to renew their employment contracts, while the jetovator operators should demonstrate an excellent swimming ability. The Group fully supports employee's training and development by subsidizing them for external job-related courses, such as first aid course and lifeguard qualification course.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## SERVICE AND PRODUCT RESPONSIBILITY

In  addition  to  focusing  on  tour  distinctiveness,  sales  services,  and  customer  satisfaction,  our  company  places  a  strong emphasis on creating memorable experiences for our guests. We understand that travel and hospitality are not just about providing a service, but about creating lifelong memories and building relationships with our customers.

Our  mission  is  to  provide  exceptional  travel  and  hospitality  services  that  exceed  the  expectations  of  our  clients  and contribute  to  the  overall  well-being  of  the  communities  we  serve.  We  believe  that  by  focusing  on  customer  satisfaction, sustainability, and community engagement, we can achieve long-term success and build a strong reputation as a leader in the leisure tourist industry.

During the Year, the Group was not aware of any material non-compliance with laws and regulations relating to safety and health, advertising, labelling and privacy matters, and method of redress relating to products and services provided in Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam and Hawaii. No sold products were subject to recalls for safety and health reasons, and no productand service-related complaints had been received during the Year.

## Service Excellence

## Hotels and Resorts

The main objective of the Group is to offer its valued customers a memorable and enjoyable experience. To achieve this goal, a customer-centric approach is encouraged, where employees are expected to provide attentive services to visitors while  being  professional  and  patient.  Employees  receive  series  of  training  to  ensure  they  meet  brand  standard  and  the company's  expectations  of  employees  in  terms  of  customer  service,  including  guidelines  for  greetings,  phone  etiquette, and customer care, which are formulated to ensure that the highest quality of service is provided with warm and sincere hospitality to enhance customer satisfaction.

One  of  the  most  important  components  of  the  hotel  and  resort  business  is  the  F&amp;B  service,  and  the  company  places significant emphasis on food safety. The Group adheres to all applicable laws and regulations in their operating areas, such as  the  Guam  Food  Code  and  the  Food  Handlers  Rules  and  Regulations  in  Guam  and  Saipan.  In  addition  to  complying with  the  regulations,  the  company  has  also  implemented  strict  internal  rules,  such  as  work  clothing  policies,  to  regulate the personal cleanliness of F&amp;B personnel. Kitchen workers are required to wear hairnets and are prohibited from wearing cosmetics, nail polish, or accessories while at work. F&amp;B employees are also required to attend related training courses and obtain a valid food handler's certificate under local statutory requirements.

Aside  from  food  safety,  the  Group  is  committed  to  providing  a  welcoming  and  relaxing  environment  for  all  visitors.  The hotels  are  non-smoking,  and  the  company  endeavors  to  maintain  a  smoke-free  environment  for  their  guests.  However, designated outdoor smoking locations are provided to accommodate smoking guests. To enforce the policy, 'No Smoking' signs are posted; ashtrays are removed; and guests are asked to refrain from smoking outside of designated locations.

The Group values constructive feedback from its guests and takes their suggestions and comments seriously. We strives to  improve  their  hotel  services  while  demonstrating  their  attention  to  guest  feedback  through  their  systematic  customer complaint management procedure. On-the-job training and refresher training are also regularly held to ensure that personnel are able to provide quick and professional service to all guests while fulfilling their job duties properly.

## Luxury Travel Retail

Our Group is committed to delivering a premium and enjoyable shopping experience for our customers in our boutiques. To achieve this goal, we have implemented a regular training programme for our newly hired sales associates to provide professional,  timely,  and  sincere  customer  service.  The  training  curriculum  includes  unique  branding  tactics  and  product expertise for each multinational brand to enhance sales associates' knowledge.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Moreover, all of our retail employees must comply with personal appearance guidelines and dress appropriately based on the Group's franchise and distribution agreements with relevant brands. Refunds, returns, or exchanges are generally not permitted after the sales transactions, but customers can request a refund for any defective products as per the specified brand's policy. However, in the Luxury Travel Retail Segment, returns and exchanges are rare due to our customers mostly being leisure travelers visiting Saipan, Guam, and Hawaii for a short vacation.

In managing customer complaints, we follow the regulations set by the corresponding international brands.

## Destination Services

The  Group  strives  to  prioritize  the  safety  of  its  customers  and  staff  during  their  participation  in  excursion  tours  under our  Destination  Services  Segment.  To  ensure  that  the  marine  activities'  guidelines  are  well-understood  and  followed  by our  marine  activity  operators,  the  Marine  Operator  Handbook  (published  jointly  by  the  Division  of  Coastal  Resources Management (' CRM '),  the  Department  of  Fish  and  Wildlife,  and  the  US  Coast  Guard)  has  been  included  in  the  Group's employee training programme for marine activities.

Management and captains hold a daily pre-operation meeting to evaluate weather data and tidal charts and determine the feasibility  of  daily  activities.  Prior  to  the  start  of  each  day's  activities,  an  equipment  check  is  conducted  on  all  machines, including boats, 4-wheel vehicles, and jetovators, to ensure they are in good working order. Additionally, safety equipment checks are carried out to ensure that each boat has the necessary safety equipment, such as spare kill cords, flare guns, whistles, and life vests, available in case of an emergency.

Before the start of each excursion tour, instructors or tour guides provide a safety briefing to ensure that all participants understand and comply with the safety guidelines. To acknowledge the possible risks, legal responsibilities, and insurance indemnities associated with the recreational activities, all participants must sign a liability waiver. Each guest is also given individual protective equipment, such as helmets and life jackets. The guest must wear all protective gears properly and the instructor must inspect it before the activity begins.

All of our tour guides must be accredited by the Marianas Visitors Authority in order to ensure the calibre of our excursion tours. This accreditation verifies that the tour guides have exceptional communication skills, professional knowledge, and a thorough understanding of the historical background of the scenic locations. Additionally, they must always follow all safety standards and procedures and provide a friendly and sincere welcome to all guests. The tour guides must also make sure that  customers  can  participate  in  the  activities  and  meet  the  minimal  enrolment  requirements  (such  as  age,  height,  and weight).

It is crucial to strive for consistent service quality excellence in the market for destination services that caters to customers. To better understand the feedback and expectations of our customers in relation to the goods and services we supplied, we will send them an evaluation form to fill out after their visit. When receiving complaints, all employees are required to follow the established customer complaint management policy. An inquiry will be conducted to delineate the complaint and discern the causes prior to taking immediate action to resolve the complaint. We will promptly get in touch with the complainant to provide them an update and to resolve the issue up to their satisfaction.

## Customer Privacy Protection

It is important for any business to prioritize the protection of their clients' confidential and personal information, particularly in  light  of  increasing  internet  transactions.  To  achieve  this,  the  Group  has  taken  steps  to  implement  measures  that  help prevent customer information from being leaked. These measures include the use of encryption technology, implementing access controls, regular employee training on data protection, and partnering with reputable data security firms to monitor and secure their systems.

## Hotels and Resorts

Our  hotels  and  resorts  require  the  personal  information  of  the  hotel  guests  for  various  purposes  such  as  reservation, check-in, and in-house dining. This includes their identity documents, home address as well as their debit or credit card information. We have established Customer Privacy Policies that comply with the local data privacy laws and regulations in the CNMI and Guam. These policies are accessible to all hotel guests and Internet users on our official websites, and our employees are thoroughly trained on how to handle customer data securely.

To  fully  understand  our  customers'  preferences  and  expectations,  we  must  legitimately  and  fairly  collect  the  categories of  information  that  are  outlined  in  our  Customer  Privacy  Policy.  In  order  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of  current  business strategies,  the  viability  of  new  business  opportunities,  and  optimize  present  offers  for  our  target  customers,  hotel management needs such data and information. Customers might provide their contact details for future correspondence, for instance.

To protect customer information from leakage and misuse, we have implemented a robust information technology security system  and  continually  strive  to  improve  our  cyber  security  measures  to  meet  the  Payment  Card  Industry  Data  Security Standards. We remind the hotel guests to take appropriate measures, such as activating a firewall and installing security software,  when  using  our  complimentary  Wi-Fi  connection,  and  we  discourage  them  from  transmitting  sensitive  personal information over the network. If the hotel guests encounter any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of their personal information, they are encouraged to promptly report it to the hotel General Manager for investigation and remedial actions.

## Luxury Travel Retail &amp; Destination Services

In  the  Luxury  Travel  Retail  and  Destination  Services  Segments,  employees  may  come  into  contact  with  client  personal information,  such  as  personally  identifiable  data  and  debit  or  credit  card  information.  To  manage  the  collection,  usage, and  storage  of  this  information,  the  Employee  Handbook  defines  relevant  internal  procedures.  Customer  information  is used solely to deliver service and marketing communication, and customers may indicate their preferences, similar to the policies and processes outlined in the Hotels and Resorts Segment. Employees are required to adhere to the Company's confidentiality policy and follow their responsibilities as laid out in the Employee Handbook. It is strictly prohibited to transfer or utilize customer information in an unlawful manner.

## Marketing Advertisement and Labelling

## Hotels and Resorts &amp; Destination Services

To  provide  our  hotel  guests  with  a  variety  of  options  and  enhance  their  stay,  we  have  utilized  different  forms  of advertisements  to  promote  the  restaurants  and  travel  agency  desks  located  within  our  hotel  premises,  offering  a  broad range of excursion tours and other travel products and services. Additionally, the Group has advertised its luxury travel retail boutiques  on  television  programmes,  and  magazine  within  our  hotels  and  resorts  premises.  We  have  also  promoted  the Group's travel products and services through online travel agents and search engines.

As part of our corporate responsibility, we ensure that our marketing provides our customers with truthful information about our products and services. The Group and our Hotel Manager comply with all applicable federal, state, and municipal laws, regulations,  and  business  practices.  We  ensure  that  all  information,  including  but  not  limited  to  room  types,  amenities, restaurants, and other featured services, published in our advertisements, brochures, or materials is accurate and unbiased.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Luxury Travel Retail

The  franchise  and  distribution  agreements  between  the  Group  and  the  international  brands  specify  the  marketing communication and advertising  practices  of  all  international  brands.  The  Group  must  strictly  comply  with  the  regulations agreed-upon  with  the  brand  owners  in  several  aspects,  such  as  boutique  design  and  promotion  campaign  organization. Before  initiating  any  promotion  events,  local  advertising  strategies  must  be  developed  in  accordance  with  established requirements,  and  prior  written  approval  from  the  international  brands  must  be  obtained.  Moreover,  all  advertising  and promotion materials must meet the multinational brands' fashion style requirements.

## Protection of intellectual property rights

We acknowledge that branding is a critical intangible asset for companies, and we place great importance to the protection of  intellectual  property  and the management of intellectual property rights. We are committed to adhering to the US laws and regulations of the intellectual property rights, and we maintain our own intellectual property rights while collaborating with our partners in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. We also recognize and respect intellectual property rights  of  our  partners,  including  our  hotel  brands  for  our  Hotels  and  Resorts  Segment  and  international  brands  for  our Luxury Travel Retail Segment. We only use the rights granted to us within the authorized scope as stipulated in the relevant hotel management agreements and corresponding franchise and distribution agreements.

When  it  comes  to  marketing  and  promotion,  the  Group  strictly  complies  with  local  laws  and  regulations,  as  well  as intellectual  property  guidelines  prescribed  by  the  brand  owners.  We  only  use  authorized  promotional  materials  and information to ensure that the intellectual property rights of others are not infringed upon. By prioritizing intellectual property protection  and  management,  we  can  safeguard  our  brand  and  reputation  while  fostering  strong  relationships  with  our partners and customers.

## Business Ethics

The Group believes that reputation is the key to success of a company and adopts a 'zero-tolerance' approach against all forms of fraudulent and dishonest activities including bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering. We strictly comply with all applicable laws and regulations in our operating locations, including but not limited to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the U.S., the United Kingdom Bribery Act, the Prevention of Bribery Ordinance of Hong Kong. During the Year, the Group  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  laws  and  regulations  relating  to  bribery,  extortion,  fraud  and money laundering in Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam and Hawaii. In addition, there was no legal case regarding corrupt practices brought against the Group or our employees in 2022.

## Anti-corruption

We  formulated  a  set  of  policies  relating  to  misconduct  and malpractices,  which  serves  as  a  comprehensive  guide  for employees'  and  directors'  behavior  and  responsibilities.  In  order to ensure our employees are fully aware of the policies, we already stipulated them in the Employee Handbook and distributed to new

- Fraud Policy
- Anti-corruption Policy
- Gifts, Entertainment &amp; Hospitality Policy
- Working with Third Parties Policy

employees during the employee orientation. All employees are also required to sign the declaration of interest confirmation every year. As stipulated in the policies, bribery, kickbacks and facilitation payments are strictly forbidden, guidelines are also  provided  to  avoid  anti-corruption  issues  and  identify  the  red  flags.  Employees  may  not  solicit,  give  or  receive  gift, entertainment  or  hospitality  from  our  existing  and  potential  business  partners,  instead  employees  should  always  put  the Group's interest at the first priority when carrying out their daily job duties. In addition, we acknowledge that our business partners  are  an  integral  part  of  our  business,  thus  the  Third  Parties  Code  of  Conduct  is  established  to  provide  a  set  of governing principles for ethical behaviors.

In 2022, our staff received a total of 194 hours anti-corruption training.

## Whistleblowing System

The Group is devoted to upholding the principles of openness, probity and accountability, dedicated to fostering an open and  honest  communication  environment,  and  set  the  highest  standards  for  its  business  practices.  We  formulated  the Whistleblowing Policy and established clear reporting channels and a systematic investigation mechanism. Employees and third-party are encouraged to raise their concerns about any suspected misconduct, malpractice or improprieties through a confidential reporting channel. Whistleblowers may report to the Company Secretary, the Board, or the Audit Committee through email to a designated email address. In order to prevent jeopardizing the investigation and retaliation against the whistleblowers, it is our responsibility to keep the identity of whistleblowers and case-related information strictly confidential. All  cases will  be  investigated promptly with the assist from the Company Secretary, subject to the nature and complexity of  the  case,  the  investigation  result  is  expected  to  be  provided  within  three  months of the report. Disciplinary actions will be  taken  against  violators  after  the  case  is  confirmed  or  against  any  employees  filing  malicious  complaints.  The  detailed investigation procedures are illustrated in the chart below:

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Responsible Procurement

The  Group  believes  that  an  effective  supply  chain  management  is  critical  in  achieving  sustainable  operations.  We  are committed  to  conducting  business  responsibly  and  expanding  in  a  manner  that  respects  human  rights,  has  a  positive impact on the environment and local communities. To ensure that we work with suppliers who share our commitment, the Group formulated the Supplier Code of Conduct with regard to the environmental and social considerations. All suppliers shall adhere to standards across their own business and their supply chains as well.

1. Comply with all local and international laws and regulations;
2. Forbid the use of child and forced labor, no employees should be below the local legal minimum age of 16 years old in Saipan and Guam;
3. Respect employees' right to voluntary freedom of association;
4. Provide equality of opportunity without discrimination;
5. Provide a safe, secure and healthy working environment to employees;
6. Preserve  and  protect  the  environment  by  implementing  business  strategies  and  operation  processes  which minimize the negative impact to the environment;
7. Consider  the  development  and  integration  of  sustainable  technologies  in  order  to  reduce  the  use  of  energy  and water, and reuse/recycle the resources consumed by their business;
8. Implement appropriate mitigations against conflict of interest; and
9. Respect confidential and proprietary information as well as its employee and customer information.

During the Year, we collaborated with 1,442 suppliers from 22 countries/regions, over 87% of them account for the Hotels and Resorts Segment. Details of the supplier distribution are summarized in the table below:

| Geographical Region  Number of  suppliers  Guam  676  Saipan  529  US  139  Hawaii  29  Hong Kong  19  Australia  8  Japan  8  China  7  Philippines  6  France  4  Singapore  4  Italy  2  South Korea  2  India  1  Malaysia  1  Netherlands  1  Norway  1  Palau  1  Pohnpei  1  Switzerland  1  Thailand  1  United Kingdom  1  ## Total  1,442   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Supplier Selection and Evaluation

The Group adopts a standardized Procurement Manual to provide direction and limits over the procurement and payment management processes. Procedures from preparing requisition and formal purchase order to finalizing purchase agreement are  outlined  for  the  relevant  procurement  personnel  to  follow.  Considering  that  the  Group  operates  multiple  business segments  which  may  vary  in  their  own  needs  during  the  procurement  process,  each  subsidiaries  can  customize  their preferences and considerations of the purchase management system. As stipulated in the manual, our procurement team is responsible for the selection and evaluation of suppliers, new suppliers must pass through a stringent selection procedure to  be  qualified  in  the  supplier  database.  All  potential  suppliers  are  required  to  provide  background  information,  financial stability  proof,  previous  compliance  records  on  product  and  service  provision,  as  well  as  the  latest  statutory  documents such as business license, Taxpayer Identification Number and certification. Suppliers who demonstrated competency, fulfil all legal requirements and align with our value will be qualified into the supplier database for future procurement purposes.

In  order  to  keep  track  of  the  suppliers'  performance  and  ensure  they  are  still  suitable  to  the  Group,  we  conduct  annual evaluation on the existing suppliers in the supplier database. Including certain measurable KPIs regarding to product and service quality,  including  but  not  limited  to  1)  the  number  of  flawed  products  returned;  2)  the  number  of  wrong  products received; 3) the frequency of late delivery; and 4) competitive product price. Suppliers performing below our standard must take  prompt  improvements,  or  we  have  no  choice  but  to  terminate  the  business  contract  with  the  suppliers  who  have repeatedly failed to meet statutory standards as well as the Group's values and requirements. Besides, the Procurement Manual provides guidelines on the entire procurement process.

## Luxury Travel Retail

For  our  Luxury  Travel  Retail  Segment,  the  Group  directly  places  orders  to  the  international  brands  and/or  authorized suppliers  licensed  by  the  franchisors.  All  procurement  procedures  and  boutique  operations  are  restricted  by  the  relevant franchise  and  distribution  agreements  as  well  as  our  internal  procurement  policy.  To  ensure  that  we  are  abiding  by  the terms  of  the  existing  franchise  and  distribution  agreements,  we  conduct  regular  evaluation  on  the  merchandise  offering, background and competitive landscape. Before collaborating with a new franchisor, a legal advisor will be commissioned to  analyze  the  franchise  and  distribution  agreement  to  identify  the  potential  legal  issues.  In  case  we  have  to  obtain  the authorization from existing franchisor(s) before collaborating with a new another international brand or the relocation to a new retail space, we will ensure that all necessary consent has been obtained prior to any changes.

## ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY

With growing concerns on climate change, pollution, and resource depletion, environmental protection has become a critical issue that requires the attention of all stakeholders. As one of the leading companies in the hospitality and leisure industry, the  Group  is  committed  to  safeguarding  the  natural  environment  and  its  resources  in  the  regions  where  we  operate. It  believes  that  preserving  the  healthy  and  rich  biodiversity  in  Saipan,  Guam  and  Hawaii  is  crucial  for  our  sustainable development.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

In  2022,  our  Hotels  and  Resorts  Segment  took  a  big  step  towards  sustainability.  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Guam  joined  the Green Engage System developed by InterContinental Hotels Group (' IHG ') and was awarded Level One achievement. With support from IHG, Crowne Plaza Resort Guam has established a sustainability team and installed energy-efficient lighting in guest rooms, as well as adopting various best practice solutions to reduce the environmental footprint.

<!-- image -->

During  the  Year,  the  Group  was  not  aware  of  any  material  non-compliance  with  laws  and  regulations  relating  to  air  and greenhouse  gas  (' GHG ')  emissions,  discharges  into  water  and  land,  generation  of  waste  and  use  of  resources  in  Hong Kong, Saipan, Guam and Hawaii.

## Energy Efficiency and GHG Emissions

The  Group  is  aware  of  its  responsibility  to  address  climate  change  challenges.  As  a  result,  we  are  dedicated  to strengthening  our  capacity  of  climate  governance,  implementing  climate  change  strategies  and  strive  to  reduce  GHG emissions. We closely monitor our GHG emissions and evaluate the reduction measures on a regular basis. During the Year, the Group generated 6,756.43 tonnes of carbon dioxide equivalent (' tCO2e '), with an intensity of 0.43 tCO2e per USD'000 sales. Looking forward, we aim to reduce the intensity of GHG emissions per revenue by 2030. In 2022, we noticed that the majority of our GHG emissions is contributed by Scope 2 emission, which is the indirect emission from the consumption of  purchased electricity. The Group has formulated the Greenhouse Gas Emission Policy to assess and manage its GHG emissions, ensuring the GHG emissions comply with local government emission standards by regular monitor and control.

| GHG Emissions  Units  2022  2021  2020  Scope 1 3  tCO2e  250.25  17.79  157.44  Scope 2 4  tCO2e  6,459.65  5,669.49  8,996.09  Scope 3 5  tCO2e  46.53  53.68  79.43  Total GHG emissions  tCO2e  6,756.43  5,740.96  9,232.96  GHG emissions intensity  tCO2e per USD'000  0.43  0.29  0.23   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

sales

3 Scope 1 represents direct GHG emissions generated by fuels for stationary and mobile sources.

4 Scope 2 represents indirect GHG emissions generated by the use of purchased electricity from local power companies.

5 Scope 3 represents other indirect emissions generated by business air travel of employees.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

<!-- image -->

During  the  Year,  a  total  of  8,108.17  MWh  of  energy  was  consumed,  with  an  intensity  of  0.51  MWh  per  USD'000  sales. Similar  to  our  GHG  emissions  pattern,  the  largest  contributor  is  the  consumption  of  electricity,  following  by  the  fuel combustion of gensets, stoves and vehicles.

| Type of Energy  Units  2022  2021  2020  Direct energy consumption  MWh  466.16  68.52  634.89  - Diesel  MWh  140.53  0.46  246.87  - Liquefied petroleum gas ('  LPG  ')  MWh  137.72  -  202.00  - Liquefied natural gas ('  LNG  ')  MWh  94.37  -  -  - Gasoline  MWh  93.54  68.06  186.02  Indirect energy consumption  MWh  7,642.01  6,574.86  10,807.65  - Purchased electricity  MWh  7,642.01  6,574.86  10,807.65  Total energy consumption  MWh  8,108.17  6,643.38  11,442.54  Total energy consumption intensity  MWh per USD'000  0.51  0.34  0.28   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

sales

As  stipulated  in  the  Greenhouse  Gas  Emission  Policy  and  the  Efficient  Use  of  Energy,  Water,  and  other  Raw  Materials Policy, we encourage our employees to turn off idle electronic appliances and adopt energy-saving initiatives in their daily routine. Besides, the Group has already implemented a series of energy reduction measures to lower our GHG emissions and carbon footprint. Automatic lighting control system is in place in office area, traditional light bulbs were also replaced with energy-efficient LED bulbs on office floors, which significantly reduce our energy consumption. We aim to reduce the intensity of electricity consumption (per USD'000 sales) by 15% from the 2019 baseline by 2030.

## Air Emission

The Group provides a clean environment for our employees and local community. The Air Emission and Quality Policy is formulated to provide guidance on the management of air emission, minimizing the potential impact on the environment. The main sources of air emissions across all of business sectors are vehicle fuel combustion and gaseous fuel consumption from cooking facilities. For our fuel-driven stationary plants, vehicles and equipment, we prioritize the use of fuel with lower emission in an effort to reduce our environmental impact. To control cooking fume emissions, equipment such as grease filters  and hydrovents is installed in the kitchens of our hotels and resorts to remove oil grains and odor emitted from the kitchen.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Waste Management

To ensure that our wastes generated are properly managed, we have formulated the Generation of Hazardous and Nonhazardous Wastes Policy. Covering the responsibilities of individuals generating the waste, as well as the handling, storage, preparation for transportation until final disposal. Besides, we have coordinated volunteer activities to clean up the beaches in 2022 to safeguard the marine environment, preventing toxic debris such as plastic bags and bottles from discharging into the ocean and contaminating the water quality.

For  the  Hotels  and  Resorts  Segment,  food  waste,  waste  cooking  oil,  construction  waste  and  waste  paper  were  the  four major categories of waste. Our F&amp;B section generally adopts the reuse approach for the food waste. To this end, we are collaborating with local piggery companies over the years, where our leftover food will be further processed for pig feeding, optimizing  the  use  of  resources,  and  reducing  the  amount  of  waste  going  to  landfills.  Additionally,  our  F&amp;B  team  adopts the  'First  In,  First  Out'  principle.  In  order  to  prevent  unnecessary  food  loss,  all  food  ingredients  and  products  that  were purchased first will be consumed first. We will deliver other wastes to the licensed waste collector for further processing, and ensure they have operation permits such as the Used Oil Transporter, or the Collection Aggregation Permit issued by the local authorities.

The hazardous waste generated is mainly composed of e-waste, such as ink cartridge, toner cartridge, fluorescent lamps, computer  accessories,  and  electrical  appliances.  The  hazardous  waste  is  handled  by  licensed  waste  collector  whenever possible.  During  the  Year,  the  Group  generated  a  total  of  1.54  tonnes  of  hazardous  waste  and  248.32  tonnes  of  nonhazardous waste. We aim to reduce commercial waste intensity (per USD'000 sales) by 20% from 2019 baseline by 2030 (exclusive of construction waste).

| Type of Waste  Units  2022  2021  2020  Hazardous waste  tonne  1.54  351.01 6  0.01  Intensity  tonne per USD'000  sales  0.000098  0.018  0.000001  Non-hazardous waste  tonne  248.32  418.43  910.65  Intensity  tonne per USD'000  0.016  0.027  0.030   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

sales

6 Hazardous  waste  figures  in  2021  cover  the  demolished  fixtures  and  renovation  materials  arose  from  the  renovation  and  upgrade works of our two hotels under Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. and Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. (Guam).

## Minimizing Use of Energy and Resources

Minimizing  the  use  of  energy  and  resources  is  becoming  increasingly  important  in  a  world  where  these  resources  are finite. By using energy and resources more efficiently, the Group strives to reduce carbon footprint and conserve valuable resources for future generations. We have established the Efficient Use of Energy, Water, and Other Raw Materials Policy, which outlines a wide range of strategies for our employees and guests to follow.

## Energy Conservation

<!-- image -->

## Water-saving

<!-- image -->

## Other materials

<!-- image -->

- Turn off the lights when not in use and use natural light when possible
- Turn off electronic appliances at the end of every workday
- Upgrade  of  air-conditioning  system  from  conventional  chillers  to  sustainable  and energy efficient variable refrigerant flow (VRF) A/C system
- Install  Computerized  Building  Management  System  (BMS)  for  new  air  conditioning system
- Upgrade  guestroom  and  public  area  lighting  to  LED  light  bulbs  and  install programmable dimming system
- Install solar lights in the car park
- Activate  the  power  down  features  (e.g.  low  power  mode)  on  computers  and monitors
- Provide regular maintenance to company vehicles and water activities equipment to optimize engine performance and efficient fuel use
- Switch off engine whenever the vehicle or water activities equipment is stationed
- Install low flow showerheads and faucet aerators in all guestrooms
- Display tent cards in all guestrooms to encourage reuse of towels and linens
- Provide regular check and maintenance on water facilities to prevent leakage
- Make  use  of  pressure  washer  for  daily  cleaning  of  vehicles  and  water  activities equipment at the end of excursion tours
- Display signage in guestrooms to encourage reuse of amenities (e.g. toothbrush)
- Replace single use utensils with reusable cutlery and containers when serving F&amp;B to guests
- Provide water bottle for hotel guests and replace the bottled water in the guestroom
- Place paper recycling boxes next to printing facilities to encourage recycling

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Invest In Our Planet

In 2022, we participated in the Earth Day on April 22. This day is not only a day  where  we  celebrate  the  natural  beauty  of  our  mother  earth,  but  also  a reminder of the urgent need to protect our planet and its natural resources, as well as raising awareness on global climate change. The theme of this year is 'Invest in Our Planet', and we believe every small decision we make for the planet earth counts.

The  Group  is  in  the  tourism  industry  and  protecting  mother  earth  is  vital to  our  sustainable  development,  as  we  rely  on  it  to  provide  memorable experience to our guests. We encourage employee to pledge to reduce their environmental footprint in daily life, take a step forward to protect the planet earth for future generations.

<!-- image -->

Regarding  to  our  business  nature,  the  packaging  materials  is  attributed  by  shopping  bags  used  in  the  Luxury  Travel Retail  Segment.  As  stipulated  in  the  branding  promotion  policy  of  the  franchised  brand,  the  Group  is  required  to  follow the  procedure  and  use  the  required  packing  materials  in  all  sales  activities  of  the  corresponding  international  brands. Nevertheless, we adhere to the sustainability strategies of the Group and use customized shopping bags provided by the international brands, which are made from recyclable materials.

During the Year, the Group consumed 207,670.00 m 3  of freshwater and 10,445 pieces of packaging material. There was no issue for sourcing water that fit for purpose in 2022. To promote sustainability of water resources, we are committed to  reducing  water  consumption  intensity  (per  USD'000  sales)  by  10%  from  2019  baseline  by  2030.  Details  of  the consumptions are illustrated in the table below:

| Use of Resources  Units  2022  2021  2020  Water  Freshwater consumption  m 3  207,670.00  247,743.37  579,308.00  Intensity  m 3  per USD'000 sales  13.18  12.51  14.20  Wastewater discharge  m 3  186,324.03  247,743.37  346,821.13  Intensity  m 3  per USD'000 sales  11.83  12.51  8.50  Packaging materials  Paper bag  pieces ('  pcs  ')  7,838  53,988  115,388  Canvas bag  pcs  -  -  127  Plastic bag  pcs  2,607  1,404  4,427  Total consumption  pcs  10,445  55,392  119,942  Intensity  pcs per USD'000 sales  0.66  12.13  11.20   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Protecting the Environment and Natural Resources

Protecting the environment and natural resources is essential for ensuring a sustainable future for our planet. The Group strives to take lead in minimizing our environmental impact and maintaining the beauty of natural environment in the regions where we operate. In addition to abiding all relevant local environmental laws and regulations, we go further and beyond by taking the following actions.

## Marine Protection

The Group acknowledges that the marine ecosystem is a vital part of the planet's biodiversity, supporting a diverse range of plant and animal species and providing essential resources for us. Despite the potential impacts on the marine ecosystem brought on by the operation of our tourism business, we are dedicated to safeguarding the invaluable marine resources.

We carefully  adhere  to  the  conditions  of  the  Group's  CRM  permit,  which  required  us  to  follow  the  submitted  coral  reef monitoring  plan,  and  all  our  water  activities  equipment  is  authorized  by  the  CRM.  Our  marine  activities  operators  are required to complete a specific training as outlined in the Marine Operator Handbook. This training covers expert knowledge of beach, near-shore, and coral reef ecology as well as guidelines to minimize the impacts of our business operations on marine resources. We also urge our tour guides to educate our guests about environmental protection and to remind them of the principle 'Take nothing but photos. Leave nothing but footprints'.

## Coral Reef Monitoring Plan

- To launch and operate boats and jet skis only at authorized areas
- To set a fixed distance between our marine activities and the coral reefs
- No dropping of anchor in the waters to protect the coral communities from being disrupted, choked and damaged

The Group is aware of the overfishing issue and believes that sustainable seafood is an important solution to it. Our Hotels and Resorts Segment are committed to providing sustainable seafood, Crowne Plaza Resort Guam  is our first hotel that achieving  the  target  of  only  delivering  sustainable  seafood  in  the  F&amp;B  service.  We  do  not  purchase  reef  fish,  and  only purchase seafood that is caught or farmed in a manner that ensures the long-term health and viability of the species and marine ecosystem,

## Water Source Protection

Water scarcity is another growing global issue that affects millions of people around the world, where water pollution is one of  the  major  driving  forces.  As  a  result,  the  Group  is  committed  to  implementing  a  comprehensive  wastewater  discharge management process. Grease traps are  already  installed  in  our  wastewater  discharge  system  of  the  Hotels  and  Resorts Segment, which filter  excess  fats  and  oils  and  prevent  them  from  being  flushed  into  the  municipal  drainage.  The  grease waste collected will be delivered to licensed waste collectors for further handling. We also conduct monthly inspection and maintenance to guarantee the performance of our equipment. Water conservation strategies are also adopted in our daily business operations, including the implementation of water-saving shower head from our guestroom as part of the asset rejuvenation  plan.  Signages  are  also  placed  inside  the  room  to  encourage  hotel  guests  to  reuse  towels  and  bed  linens whenever possible.

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

Additionally, the Group has implemented a stringent policy to govern the use, storage and disposal of hazardous materials, which  is  covered  and  explained  to  all  employees  during  orientation  programme  and  regular  safety  training.  It  is  strictly forbidden  for  employees  to  pour  any  chemicals  or  dangerous  materials  into  the  drainage  system.  Chemicals  should  be stored in designated areas in sealed, labelled containers to avoid leaks and water source pollution.

## Climate Resilience

Climate change is one of the most pressing global challenges of our time. The increase in severity and frequency of extreme weather occurrences are adversely affecting our business operations. As the tourism industry is particularly vulnerable to climate  change  due  to  its  dependence  on  natural  resources,  such  as  beaches,  forests,  and  wildlife.  Climate  change  can affect the availability of these resources. We are committed to promoting sustainable growth and environmental protection, a policy on climate-related issues is formulated which lays out ESG principles and requirements that are in the best interests of the Group's long-term growth.

| ## Physical Risk  ## Risk identified Acute  - Stronger tropical storms and typhoons  Storms  and  typhoons  are  becoming  more  frequent  and  severe,  potentially  causing  damage to properties and equipment, disturbing the business operations and raising the maintenance costs of the properties and public infrastructure.  ## Chronic  - Increase in temperature  The  rise  in  the  water  temperature  of  the  ocean  causes  sea  levels  to  rise  through  thermal expansion.  The  distribution  of  many  marine  species  is  to  shift  due  to  their  dependence  on specific  water  temperatures  and  nutrient  availability  such  as  the  corals  under  the  sea  for survival. Besides, the changes in the circulation patterns of deep ocean currents that transport warm and cold water around the globe was also affected, which may have adverse impact on the Group's business operations.  - Threats to natural areas and infrastructure from sea level rise  The increasing sea level globally is projected to exacerbate high tide and wave flooding, storm  surge, and coastal erosion, all of which are expected to become ruinous. Long-term sea level  rise may force coastal operations to move inland.  - Risks to fresh water  Alongside  climate  change,  irresponsible  human  activities  threaten  the  continuing  viability  of many ecosystems. The increasing global exploitation of water resources across the world has led  to  the  increasing  risk  in  water  scarcity.  Ultimately,  the  Group  may  suffer  from  absolute water shortages and adversely affect the Group's operations.  - Coral reefs bleaching and loss  Coral reefs and ocean ecosystems contribute hundreds of millions of dollars to the CNMI and Guam economies each year, as well as providing natural flood and storm protection. Tropical typhoons and flooding could result in damages to the community infrastructures of the islands, reducing  the  number  of  tourists  visiting  Saipan  and  Guam,  and  hence  negatively  impact  the Group's revenue.  ## Mitigation measures  •  Improving typhoon, tsunami, rainstorm, flood, and other sudden natural disasters protection  facilities.  - Developing emergency response plans and continually improve natural disaster response mechanisms.  - Increasing insurance coverage, as needed, to cover personal injuries and property damage caused by various disasters and accidents.  - Providing staff with training and change-related information on how to deal with extreme weather events, as well as disaster preparedness and emergency drills on a regular basis.  - Procuring energy-efficient equipment.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| ## Transition Risk  ## Risk identified • Policy and legal  The  Saipan  and  Guam  governments  may  implement  more  stringent  climate  policies  (such as  the  implementation  of  carbon-pricing  mechanisms,  pricing  of  GHG  emissions,  the  shift  of energy  use  towards  renewable  energy,  acceleration  of  energy  transition  requirements)  to  be in line with the U.S. Mainland for achieving all the sustainability targets. This may increase the cost of operations and thus reduce the business' profitability.  - Technology  With  the  emergence  of  new  technologies  (such  as  renewable  energy,  energy  efficiency),  the Group may have to keep up with the latest technologies to meet higher standards of energy efficiency. This may increase the Group's cost of capital expenditure.  - Market changes  The shift in market preference (such as consumer preference, demand and supply) may lead to a change in the customers' choice of goods and services. This may increase in the operation cost  as  well  as  the  business  strategies.  Lagging  from  peers  in  capturing  the  shift  in  market preference may lead to a loss of revenue and market share.  ## Mitigation measures  - Closely monitoring and responding to changes in environmental laws, regulations, and policies.  - Innovating and exploring ways to improve energy efficiency and reduce the emission of GHG from normal business operations, as well as minimizing the production of wastes.  - Improving management transparency, paying close attention to and responding to stakeholder concerns.  - Researching, formulating and continuously improving plans of carbon emission objectives for the medium to long term.   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## COMMUNITY PARTICIPATION

The Group has always recognized the importance of supporting the communities in which we operate. We believe that it is our duty to actively engage with local community and contribute to society, rather than simply taking from the community. As we continue to grow our business, we  remain  committed  to  improving  the  quality  of  life  for  residents  in  these  areas.  Through

Volunteering: 594 Hours

our  positive  impact  on  local  markets  and  business  networks,  we  strive  to  play  a  beneficial  role  in  the  community  and build strong relationships with our stakeholders. Our goal is to create a sustainable future for everyone, while also driving business success.

During the Year, the Group donated a total of US$11,000 to several organizations, including Red Cross, Women's Fund of Hawaii, and Karidat Social Services, supporting the local community and human rights. We also devoted 594 volunteering hours with the focus on environmental protection and community wellness.

## Environmental Protection

We hold a deep respect for nature and appreciate the benefits it provides. As a result, we have taken initiative to organize volunteer  events  aimed  at  restoring  and  cleaning  up  the  environment.  Going  forward,  our  goal  is  to  raise  the  public awareness  on  sustainability.  The  Group  has  organized  monthly  beach  clean-ups  to  demonstrate  our  commitment  to environmental sustainability. We believe that it will not only benefit the environment but also have a positive impact on the economy, and we hope to inspire others to join us in protecting the environment for future generations.

<!-- image -->

## Community Wellness

The Group recognizes that the health and well-being of individuals is closely tied to the health of the community as a whole. We actively encourage our employees to participate in local activities such as Half Marathon and Saipan Marathon, as well as organizing food giving to Karidat Social Services and residents in need. By engaging in various community initiatives, we aim to build a strong foundation of enthusiastic support that will help us to achieve our goal while promoting the health and well-being of our employees and the local residents.

<!-- image -->

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

## HKEx ESG REPORTING GUIDE INDEX

| ## HKEx ESG Reporting Guide General Disclosures &amp; KPIs  Explanation/Reference Section  Aspect A Environmental  A1 Emission  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance  with  relevant  laws  and  regulations  that  have  a  significant impact on the issuer relating to air and greenhouse  gas emissions, discharges into water and land, and generation  of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes.  Note:  Air emissions include NOx, SOx, and other pollutants regulated under national  laws and regulations.  Greenhouse  gases  include  carbon  dioxide,  methane,  nitrous  oxide,  hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulphur hexafluoride.  Hazardous wastes are those defined by national regulations.  Environmental Sustainability  KPI A1.1  The types of emissions and respective emissions data.  Environmental Sustainability  - Air Emission  Air emission figures from gaseous fuel  consumption and vehicles were not  available. The amount of air emissions  is not significant and material to the  Group.  KPI A1.2  Direct (Scope 1) and energy indirect (Scope 2) greenhouse gas  emissions (in tonnes) and, where appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit  of production volume, per facility).  Environmental Sustainability  - Energy Efficiency and GHG  Emissions  KPI A1.3  Total hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,  intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).  Environmental Sustainability  - Waste Management  KPI A1.4  Total non-hazardous waste produced (in tonnes) and where  appropriate, intensity (e.g. per unit of production volume, per facility).  Environmental Sustainability  - Waste Management  KPI A1.5  Description of emission target(s) set and steps taken to achieve them.  Environmental Sustainability  - Energy Efficiency and GHG  Emissions  KPI A1.6  Description of how hazardous and non-hazardous wastes are  handled, and a description of reduction target(s) set and steps taken  to achieve them.  Environmental Sustainability  - Waste Management   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| HKEx ESG Reporting Guide General Disclosures &amp; KPIs  Explanation/Reference Section  A2 Use of Resource  Policies on efficient use of resources including energy, water and  other raw materials.  Note:  Resources may be used in production, in storage, transportation, in buildings,  electronic equipment, etc.  Environmental Sustainability  - Energy Efficiency and GHG  Emissions, Minimizing Use of Energy  and Resources  KPI A2.1  Direct and/or indirect energy consumption by type (e.g. electricity,  gas or oil) in total (kWh in '000s) and intensity (e.g. per unit of  production volume, per facility).  Environmental Sustainability  - Energy Efficiency and GHG  Emissions  KPI A2.2  Water consumption in total and intensity (e.g. per unit of production  volume, per facility).  Environmental Sustainability  - Minimizing Use of Energy and  Resources  KPI A2.3  Description of energy use efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to  achieve them.  Environmental Sustainability  - Energy Efficiency and GHG  Emissions, Minimizing Use of Energy  and Resources  KPI A2.4  Description of whether there is any issue in sourcing water that is fit  for purpose, water efficiency target(s) set and steps taken to achieve  them.  Environmental Sustainability  - Protecting the Environment and  Natural Resources  KPI A2.5  Total packaging material used for finished products (in tonnes), and, if  applicable, with reference to per unit produced.  Environmental Sustainability  - Minimizing Use of Energy and  Resources  A3 The Environment and  Natural Resources  Policies on Minimizing the issuer's significant impact on the  environment and natural resources.  Environmental Sustainability  - Protecting the Environment and  Natural Resources  KPI A3.1  Description of the significant impacts of activities on the environment  and natural resources and the actions taken to manage them.  Environmental Sustainability  - Protecting the Environment and  Natural Resources  A4 Climate Change  Policies on identification and mitigation of significant climate-related  issues which have impacted, and those which may impact, the  issuer.  Environmental Sustainability  - Climate Resilience  KPI A4.1  Description of the significant climate-related issues which have  impacted, and those which may impact, the issuer, and the actions  taken to manage them.  Environmental Sustainability  - Climate Resilience   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| HKEx ESG Reporting Guide General Disclosures &amp; KPIs  Explanation/Reference Section  Aspect B Social  B1 Employment  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a  significant impact on the issuer relating to compensation and  dismissal, recruitment and promotion, working hours, rest  periods, equal opportunity, diversity, anti-discrimination, and  other benefits and welfare.  Care for Our Employees  - Equal and Diversified Workplace,  Employment Practices  KPI B1.1  Total workforce by gender, employment type (for example, full-or  part-time), age group and geographical region.  Care for Our Employees  - Equal and Diversified Workplace  KPI B1.2  Employee  turnover  rate  by  gender,  age  group  and  geographical  region.  Care for Our Employees  - Equal and Diversified Workplace  B2 Health and Safety  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have  a significant impacts on the issuer relating to providing a  safe working environment and protecting employees from  occupational hazards.  Care for Our Employees  - Safe and Healthy Workplace  KPI B2.1  Number and rate of work-related fatalities occurred in each of the  past three years including the reporting year.  Care for Our Employees  - Safe and Healthy Workplace  KPI B2.2  Lost days due to work injury.  Care for Our Employees  - Safe and Healthy Workplace  KPI B2.3  Description of occupational health and safety measures adopted,  how they are implemented and monitored.  Care for Our Employees  - Safe and Healthy Workplace  B3 Development and  Training  Policies on improving employees' knowledge and skills for  discharging duties at work. Description of training activities.  Care for Our Employees  - Training and Development  KPI B3.1  The percentage of employees trained by gender and employee  category (e.g. senior management, middle management).  Care for Our Employees  - Training and Development  KPI B3.2  The average training hours completed per employee by gender and  employee category.  Care for Our Employees  - Training and Development   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| HKEx ESG Reporting Guide General Disclosures &amp; KPIs  Explanation/Reference Section  B4 Labor Standard  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a  significant impact on the issuer relating to preventing child and  forced labor.  Care for Our Employees  - Employment Practices  KPI B4.1  Description of measures to review employment practices to avoid  child and forced labor.  Care for Our Employees  - Employment Practices  KPI B4.2  Description of steps taken to eliminate such practices when  discovered.  Not applicable  B5 Supply Chain  Management  Policies on managing environmental and social risks of supply chain.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Responsible Procurement  KPI B5.1  Number of suppliers by geographical region.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Responsible Procurement  KPI B5.2  Description of practices relating to engaging suppliers, number of  suppliers where the practices are being implemented, how they are  implemented and monitored.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Responsible Procurement  KPI B5.3  Description of practices used to identify environmental and social  risks along the supply chain, and how they are implemented and  monitored.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Responsible Procurement  KPI B5.4  Description of practices used to promote environmentally preferable  products and services when selecting suppliers, and how they are  implemented and monitored.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Responsible Procurement  B6 Product  Responsibility  Information on:  (a)  the policies; and  (b)  compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a  significant impact on the issuer relating to health and safety,  advertising, labelling and privacy matters relating to products  and services provided and methods of redress.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Service Excellence, Customer  Privacy Protection, Marketing  Advertisement and Labelling  KPI B6.1  Percentage of total products sold or shipped subject to recalls for  safety and health reasons.  Service and Product Responsibility  KPI B6.2  Number of products and service related complaints received and how  they are dealt with.  Service and Product Responsibility   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Environmental, Social and Governance Report

| HKEx ESG Reporting Guide General Disclosures &amp; KPIs  Explanation/Reference Section  KPI B6.3  Description of practices relating to observing and protecting  intellectual property rights.  Service and Product Responsibility-  Protection of Intellectual Property  Rights  KPI B6.4  Description of quality assurance process and recall procedures.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Service Excellence  KPI B6.5  Description of consumer data protection and privacy policies, how  they are implemented and monitored.  Service and Product Responsibility-  Customer Privacy Protection  B7 Anti-corruption  Information on:  (c)  the policies; and  (d)  compliance with relevant laws and regulations that have a  significant impact on the issuer relating to bribery, extortion,  fraud and money laundering.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Business Ethics  KPI B7.1  Number of concluded legal cases regarding corrupt practices brought  against the issuer or its employees during the reporting period and  the outcomes of the cases.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Business Ethics  KPI B7.2  Description of preventive measures and whistle-blowing procedures,  and how they are implemented and monitored.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Business Ethics  KPI B7.3  Description of anti-corruption training provided to directors and staff.  Service and Product Responsibility  - Business Ethics  B8 Community  Investment  Policies on community engagement to understand the needs of the  communities where the issuer operates and to ensure its activities  take into consideration the communities' interests.  Community Participation  KPI B8.1  Focus areas of contribution (e.g. education, environmental concerns,  labor needs, health, culture, sport).  Community Participation  KPI B8.2  Resources contributed (e.g. money or time) to the focus area.  Community Participation   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The  Group  acknowledges  the  need  and  importance  of  corporate  governance  as  one  of  the  key  elements  in  enhancing shareholders' value. It is committed to ensuring high standards of corporate governance in the interests of Shareholders, taking care to identify practices designed to achieve effective oversight, transparency and ethical behavior, and protecting the long-term sustainability of the Group as a whole.

The  Shares  of  the  Company  have  been  listed  on  the  Stock  Exchange  on  the  Listing  Date.  Since  the  Listing  Date,  the Company has adopted the principles in the CG Code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules as its code of corporate governance.

During the Year and up to the date of this annual report, the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions of the CG Code.

## DIRECTORS' SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the 'Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers' (the ' Model Code ') as set out in Appendix 10 of the Listing Rules as the code for dealing in securities of the Company by the Directors. Having made specific enquiries of all directors, each Director has confirmed that he/she has complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout the Year.

## BOARD OF DIRECTORS

## Board responsibilities

The Board is primarily responsible for overseeing and supervising the management of the business affairs and the overall performance of the Group. The Board sets the Group's values and standards and ensures that the requisite financial and human resources  support  is  in  place  for  the  Group  to  achieve  its  objectives.  The  Board  acknowledges  its  responsibility for  the  management  of  the  Group  and  to  ensure  sound  and  effective  internal  control  systems  are  maintained  so  as  to safeguard  the  Group's  assets  and  the  interest  of  the  Shareholders.  The  Board  is  also  responsible  for  convening  general meetings, implementing the resolutions passed at the general meetings, determining the business and investment plans of the  Group,  formulating  the  annual  financial  budget  and  financial  statements  of  the  Group,  and  formulating  the  proposals for dividend distributions as well as exercising other powers, functions and duties as conferred by the Company's Articles. The Board has established Board Committees (as defined below) and has delegated to these Board Committees various responsibilities  as  set  out  in  their  respective  terms  of  reference.  The  responsibilities  of  these  Board  Committees  include monitoring  the  Group's  operational  and  financial  performance,  and  ensuring  that  appropriate  internal  control  and  risk management systems are in place.

The  Board  may  from  time  to  time  delegate  certain  functions  to  the  management  of  the  Group  if  and  when  considered appropriate. The management is mainly responsible for the execution of the business plans, strategies and policies adopted by the Board and assigned to it from time to time.

The Directors have full access to information of the Group and the management has an obligation to supply the Directors with  adequate  information  in  a  timely  manner  to  enable  the  Directors  to  perform  their  responsibilities.  The  Directors  are entitled to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances at the Company's expense.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Composition

The Board currently comprises nine members, consisting of four executive Directors, two non-executive Directors (including the Chairman of the Board) and three independent non-executive Directors, as follows:

## Executive Directors

Dr. TAN Henry , BBS, JP (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)

Mr. CHIU George

Mrs. SU TAN Jennifer Sze Tink

Mr. SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William

## Non-Executive Directors

Dr. TAN Siu Lin , SBS (Chairman)

Mr. TAN Willie

## Independent Non-Executive Directors

Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert

Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung

Mr. WONG Chun Tat, JP

The biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed 'Management Executives' on pages 21 to 24 of this annual report. Save as disclosed in the said section, there is no family, financial or business relationship among the Directors.

During the Year, the Group has been informed that Professor Chan Pak Woon David, former independent non-executive Director, former chairman of the nomination committee and former member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the Company, sadly passed away on November 9, 2022. On December 16, 2022, the Board has appointed Mr. Wong Chun Tat as an independent non-executive Director, the chairman of the nomination committee and member of the audit committee and the remuneration committee of the Company. The biographical details of Mr. Wong is set out in the section headed 'Management Executives' on pages 21 to 24 of this annual report.

Throughout the Year, independent non-executive Directors constitute one-third of the Board, which is in compliance with the requirement under Rule 3.10(A) of the Listing Rules. Hence, there is a strong independence element in the composition of  the  Board. Each of the Directors has the relevant experience, competencies and skills appropriate to the requirements of  the  business  of  the  Group,  and  at  least  one  of  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  has  appropriate  professional qualifications of accounting or related financial management expertise.

The list  of  Directors  has  been  published  on  the  website  of  the  Company  and  the  website  of  the  Stock  Exchange,  and  is disclosed in all corporate communications issued by the Company pursuant to the Listing Rules from time to time.

During  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  an  appropriate  and  adequate  directors'  and  officers'  liability insurance is in place to protect all the Directors from legal action arising from the performance of their duties as a Director. Such insurance coverage will be reviewed and renewed on an annual basis. As of the date of this annual report, no claims under the insurance policy has been made.

## Independent non-executive Directors

The roles of the independent non-executive Directors include the following:

- (i) provision of independent judgement at Board meetings;
- (ii) take the lead where potential conflicts of interest arise;
- (iii) serve on committees if invited; and
- (iv) scrutinize the performance of the Group as necessary.

The independent non-executive Directors have brought in a wide range of business and financial expertise, experience and independent  judgement  to  the  Board.  Through  active  participation  in  the  Board  meetings  and  serving  on  various  Board Committees, all independent non-executive Directors will continue to make various contributions to the Company.

The  independent  non-executive  Directors  and  their  immediate  family  receive  no  payment  from  the  Company  or  its subsidiaries  (except  the  director  fee).  No  family  member  of  any  independent  non-executive  Directors  is  employed  as  an executive officer of the Company or its subsidiaries or has been so in the past three years. The independent non-executive Directors  are  subject  to  retirement  and  re-election  at  the  AGM  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of  the Articles. Each independent non-executive Director has provided a written confirmation of his independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all of the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

Provision  A.2.7  of  the  CG  Code  requires  that  the  Chairman  should  at  least  annually  hold  meetings  with  the  independent non-executive  Directors  without  the  presence  of  the  other  Directors.  During  the  Year  and  up  to  the  date  of  this  annual report,  the  Chairman  held  two  meetings  with  the  independent  non-executive  Directors  on  March  21,  2022  and  March 23,  2023,  respectively  without  the  presence  of  any  other  Directors.  Going  forward,  the  Chairman  will  continue  to  ensure compliance with this code provision.

## Directors' induction and continuing professional development

During the Year, each Director has received training on the general, statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director to  ensure  that  he/she  is  sufficiently  aware  of  his/her  responsibilities  under  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  relevant  legal  and regulatory requirements.

Directors are committed to comply with the continuous professional development requirement under provision A.6.5 of the CG Code so as to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills and ensure that their contribution to the Board will be informed and relevant.

The  Directors,  on  an  ongoing  basis,  will  receive  updates  on  the  relevant  laws,  rules  and  regulations.  During  the  Year, the  Company  shared  with  the  Directors  certain  continuous  professional  development  courses  relating  to  their  duties  as directors of a listed corporation, the Listing Rules, corporate governance practices and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements so that they can continuously acquire relevant knowledge and skills.

## Corporate Governance Report

A summary of training received by each Director during the Year is set out below:

| Board Members  Type of training  Executive Directors  Dr. TAN Henry  , BBS, JP  (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  A, B  Mr. CHIU George  A, B  Mrs. SU TAN Jennifer Sze Tink  A, B  Mr. SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William  A, B  Non-Executive Directors  Dr. TAN Siu Lin  , SBS  (Chairman)  A, B  Mr. TAN Willie  A, B  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert  A, B  Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David  (Deceased on November 9, 2022)  A, B  Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung  A, B  Mr. WONG Chun Tat,  JP (Appointed on December 16, 2022)  A, B   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

A: attending external seminars/conferences/workshops/forums/webinars

B: reading newspapers/journals and updates relevant to their profession, business, corporate governance and director's duties and responsibilities

## Meeting of the Board and the Directors' attendance record

The  Board  is  scheduled  to  meet  at  least  four  times  a  year  to  determine  overall  strategic  direction  and  objectives  and approve interim  and  annual  results  and  other  significant  matters.  Each  of  the  Directors  is  required  to  give  sufficient  time and attention to the affairs of the Company. During the Year, four Board meetings were held with full attendance (save and except for the late Professor Chan who passed away during the Year), details of which are presented below:

| Board Members  Meetings  Attended/Held  Average  Attendance Rate  Executive Directors  Dr. TAN Henry  , BBS, JP  (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  4/4  100%  Mr. CHIU George  4/4  100%  Mrs. SU TAN Jennifer Sze Tink  4/4  100%  Mr. SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William  4/4  100%  Non-Executive Directors  Dr. TAN Siu Lin  , SBS  (Chairman)  4/4  100%  Mr. TAN Willie  4/4  100%  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert  4/4  100%  Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David  (Deceased on November 9, 2022)  3/4  75%  Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung  4/4  100%  Mr. WONG Chun Tat,  JP  (Appointed on December 16, 2022)  0/4  0%   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Governance Report

Apart from Board meetings, consent/approval from the Board had also been obtained by written resolutions on a number of matters.

During the Year, an AGM of the Company was held on June 2, 2022 for the year ended December 31, 2021.

| AGM  Board Members  Attended/Held  Attendance Rate  Executive Directors  Dr. TAN Henry,  BBS, JP (Vice Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)  1/1  100%  Mr. CHIU George  1/1  100%  Mrs. SU TAN Jennifer Sze Tink  1/1  100%  Mr. SCHWEIZER Jeffrey William  1/1  100%  Non-Executive Directors  Dr. TAN Siu Lin,  SBS  (Chairman)  1/1  100%  Mr. TAN Willie  1/1  100%  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert  1/1  100%  Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David  (Deceased on November 9, 2022)  1/1  100%  Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung  1/1  100%  Mr. WONG Chun Tat,  JP (Appointed on December 16, 2022)  0/1  0%   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Directors  are  consulted  to  include  any  matter  in  the  draft  agenda.  As  part  of  our  best  practices,  the  agenda  of  Board meetings are finalized by the Chairman after taking into consideration any matters proposed by other Directors, including the  independent  non-executive  Directors.  The  management  has  the  obligation  to  supply  the  Board  and  the  Board Committees with adequate information in a timely manner to enable the members to make informed decisions. The notice of a Board meeting is generally released at least 14 days in advance, while the finalized agenda and relevant materials are released no less than 3 days in advance.

The  Company  Secretary  is  responsible  for  taking  minutes  of  the  Board  meetings.  Draft  and  final  minutes  are  sent  to  all Directors  for  comments  within  a  reasonable  time.  All  board  papers  and  minutes  are  also  made  available  for  inspection by  the  Board  and  the  Board  Committees.  A  final  draft  of  each  minutes  of  meetings  is  made  available  for  inspection  by Directors.

The  Company's  Articles  provide  that  a  Board  meeting  shall  be  held  (instead  of  passing  a  resolution  in  writing)  in  cases where a substantial shareholder or Director has a material conflict of interest in a matter. In the relevant Board meeting, the substantial  shareholder or Director is required to abstain from voting and shall not be counted in quorum. This is also in conformity with the requirement of the CG Code.

## Corporate Governance Report

## CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

During  the  Year  and  as  of  the  date  of  this  annual  report,  Dr.  Tan  Siu  Lin  is  the  Chairman  of  the  Board  and  his  son  Dr. Tan Henry is the Chief Executive Officer (the ' CEO ')  of  the  company. The Chairman's role is to provide leadership to and oversee  the  functioning  of  the  Board  to  ensure  that  the  Board  acts  in  the  best  interests  of  the  Group.  The  Chairman  is primarily  responsible  for  approving  the  agenda  for  each  Board  meeting,  taking  into  account,  where  appropriate,  matters raised  by  other  Directors  for  inclusion  in  the  agenda.  With  the  support  of  the  Company  Secretary,  the  Chairman  seeks to  ensure  that  all  Directors  are  properly  briefed  on  issues  arising  at  Board  meetings  and  receive  reliable,  adequate  and complete information in a timely manner. The Chairman also actively encourages Directors to fully engage in the Board's affairs and make contribution to the Board's functions.

The  CEO  is  in  charge  of  the  Company's  operations  and  day-to-day  management.  The  CEO  is  also  responsible  for developing  strategic  plans  and  formulating  the  organizational  structure,  control  systems  and  internal  procedures  and processes for the Board's approval.

## COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary supports the Board by ensuring that reliable and relevant flow of information is maintained amongst members  of  the  Board  and  that  all  procedures  have  been  adhered  to  in  accordance  with  applicable  laws,  rules  and regulations. All Directors have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary on corporate governance and board practices and matters.

Ms. Cheung Pik Shan Bonnie was appointed as the Company Secretary of the Company on April 9, 2019. The Company Secretary's biography is set out in the section headed 'Management Executives' on pages 21 to 24 of this annual report. During the Year, the Company Secretary undertook no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

## BOARD COMMITTEES

The Board has established the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee (collectively, ' Board Committees ')  in  accordance  with  the  CG  Code  and  these  Board  Committees  are  mainly  composed  of  independent non-executive Directors.  Each  of  these  Board  Committees  has  specific  written  terms  of  reference  which  are  available  on the  websites  of  the  Company  and  the  Stock  Exchange.  The  Board  Committees  are  provided  with  sufficient  resources to  discharge  their  duties,  including  access  to  the  management  and/or  independent  professional  advice  if  considered necessary.

## AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee was established on the Listing Date with written terms of reference in compliance with the CG Code.

The  Audit  Committee  comprised  three  independent  non-executive  Directors,  namely  Mr.  Ma  Andrew  Chiu  Cheung,  Mr. Chan Leung Choi Albert and Prof. Chan Pak Woon David (until the date of his passing). On December 16, 2022, Mr. Wong Chun Tat  was  appointed  to  fill  the  causal  vacancy  as  an  independent  non-executive  director  and  a  new  member  of  the Audit  Committee.  The  Audit  Committee  is  chaired  by  Mr.  Ma  Andrew  Chiu  Cheung.  None  of  the  members  of  the  Audit Committee is a former partner of the external auditor. The Audit Committee must meet not less than two times a year with the Company's external auditor and meetings shall be held at such other times on an ad hoc/as-needed basis. It meets with the external auditor and the management of the Group to ensure that the audit findings are addressed properly. The Audit Committee has access to independent professional advice at the Company's expense if considered necessary. During the Year, we have engaged BDO Financial Service Limited (' BDO ') to provide internal auditing service.

The principal responsibilities of the Audit Committee include the following:

- (i) to review the relationship with the external auditor by reference to the work performed by the auditor, their fees and terms of engagement, to monitor the external auditor's independence and objectivity, and to make recommendation to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external auditor;
- (ii) to review and monitor the integrity of the Company's financial statements and reports and consider any significant or unusual items raised by the external auditor or qualified accountant before submission to the Board;
- (iii) to review the effectiveness and adequacy of the Company's financial reporting system, internal control systems and associated procedures, risk management and corporate governance matters; and
- (iv) to  review  the  adequacy  of  resources,  qualifications,  experience,  training  programs  and  budget  of  the  staff  of  the Group's financial reporting and accounting and internal audit functions.

The  Audit  Committee  held  five  meetings  during  the  Year  to  review  and  adopt  the  internal  audit  plan  proposed  by  BDO, to  review  the  Group's  financial  results  and  reports,  financial  reporting  and  compliance  procedures,  internal  control  and risk  management  systems,  other  corporate  governance  matters  and  the  appointment  of  the  external  auditor.  The  Audit Committee  recommended  to  the  Board  that,  subject  to  the  Shareholders'  approval  at  the  forthcoming  AGM  of  the Company, Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young (' EY ')  be reappointed as the external auditor of the Group for the financial year ending December 31, 2023.

The attendance record of the five Audit Committee meetings during the Year is presented below:

| Audit Committee Members  Meeting  Attended/Held  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. MA Andrew Chiu Cheung  (Chairman)  5/5  Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert  5/5  Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David  (Deceased on November 9, 2022)  5/5  Mr. WONG Chun Tat  (Appointed on December 16, 2022)  0/5   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Corporate Governance Report

## REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The  Remuneration  Committee  was  established  on  the  Listing  Date  with  terms  of  reference  in  compliance  with  the CG  Code.  The  primary  duties  of  the  Remuneration  Committee  include  recommending  to  the  Board  the  remuneration policy  and  structure  of  all  the  Directors  and  the  senior  management  and  evaluating  their  performance  in  order  to  make recommendations on the individual remuneration package of each of the Directors and senior management. In addition, the Remuneration Committee provides effective supervision and administration of the Company's share option scheme.

The  Remuneration  Committee  comprised  two  independent  non-executive  Directors,  namely  Mr.  Chan  Leung  Choi  Albert and Prof. Chan Pak Woon David (until the date of his passing), and an executive Director, Dr. Tan Henry. On December 16, 2022, Mr. Wong Chun Tat was appointed to fill the causal vacancy as an independent non-executive director and a new member of the Remuneration Committee. The Remuneration Committee is chaired by Mr. Chan Leung Choi Albert.

A meeting of the Remuneration Committee is required to be held at least once a year to coincide with key dates within the financial reporting and audit cycle. The chairman of the Remuneration Committee is required to report to the Board on its proceedings after each meeting on all matters within its duties and responsibilities.

The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the Year to review and recommend to the Board the remuneration policy and structure of all Directors and the senior management. The Remuneration Committee also considered and passed resolutions regarding the remuneration of Mr. Wong, the new independent non-executive Director, before his appointment during the Year.

The attendance record of the one Remuneration Committee meeting during the Year is presented below:

| Remuneration Committee Members  Meeting  Attended/Held  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert  (Chairman)  1/1  Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David  (Deceased on November 9, 2022)  1/1  Mr. WONG Chun Tat  (Appointed on December 16, 2022)  0/1  Executive Director  Dr. TAN Henry  1/1   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Remuneration Committee is authorized to investigate any matter within its terms of reference and seek any information it  requires  from  any  employee  and  obtain  legal  or  other  independent  professional  advice  at  the  cost  of  the  Company  if  it considered necessary.

Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the CG Code, the emolument of the members of the senior management (other than the emoluments of Directors and five highest paid individuals disclosed in notes 10(a) and 11 to the consolidated financial statements pursuant to Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules) paid by the Group by band for the Year is set out below:

| Emolument band  Number of  Individuals  US$192,308 to US$256,410 (equivalent to HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000)  1  US$64,103 to US$128,205 (equivalent to HK$500,001 to HK$1,000,000)  1   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

During the Year, total Directors' remuneration amounted to approximately US$881,000 (2021: US$894,000). The executive Directors and senior management's compensation, including the long-term incentive, shall be based on the corporate and individual performance. Details of the remunerations of the Directors are set out in note 10(a) to the consolidated financial statements.

## NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The  Nomination  Committee  was  established  on  the  Listing  Date  with  written  terms  of  reference  in  compliance  with the  requirements  of  the  CG  Code.  The  primary  duties  of  the  Nomination  Committee  are  to  review  the  structure,  size and  composition  of  the  Board,  identify  suitably  qualified  candidates  to  become  members  of  the  Board,  develop  the Board  Diversity  Policy  (as  defined  below),  assess  the  independence  of  independent  non-executive  Directors,  and  make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors.

The Nomination Committee comprised two independent non-executive Directors, namely Prof. Chan Pak Woon David (until the date of his passing) and Mr. Chan Leung Choi Albert, and an executive Director, Dr. Tan Henry. On December 16, 2022, Mr. Wong Chun Tat was appointed to fill the causal vacancy as an independent non-executive director and a new member of the Nomination Committee. The Nomination Committee was chaired by Prof. Chan Pak Woon David (until the date of his passing). On December 16, 2022, Mr. Wong Chun Tat was appointed as the new chairman of the Nomination Committee.

A  meeting  of  the  Nomination  Committee  is  required  to  be  held  at  least  once  a  year.  The  Nomination  Committee  held one  meeting  during  the  Year  to  review  the  structure,  size  and  composition  of  the  Board,  assess  the  independence  of independent  non-executive  Directors  and  consider  each  retiring  Director.  The  Nomination  Committee  also  considered the  appointment  of  Mr.  Wong  as  an  independent  non-executive  Director  with  reference  to  the  Nomination  Policy  of  the Company, and recommended him to the Board for consideration and approval.

The attendance record of the one Nomination Committee meeting during the Year is presented below:

| Nomination Committee Members  Meeting  Attended/Held  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Prof. CHAN Pak Woon David  (Former chairman) (Deceased on November 9, 2022)  1/1  Mr. WONG Chun Tat  (Chairman) (Appointed on December 16, 2022)  0/1  Mr. CHAN Leung Choi Albert  1/1  Executive Director  Dr. TAN Henry  1/1   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Board Diversity Policy

The Board has adopted a policy on board diversity (' Board Diversity Policy ') with effect from the Listing Date which sets out  the  Company's  approach  to  achieve  diversity  on  the  Board.  The  Company  recognizes  and  embraces  the  benefits  of having a diverse Board as it promotes board effectiveness and enables better decisions to be made. A truly diverse Board will  include and make good use of differences in the qualifications, skills, experience, gender, age, cultural and education background and other qualities of the Directors.

Under  the  Board  Diversity  Policy,  diversity  will  be  considered  from  all  relevant  aspects  when  determining  the  optimum structure, size and composition of the Board. The Board may consider other factors as appropriate from time to time, taking into account the Company's business model and specific needs. All Board appointments are ultimately made on merit and contribution  that  the  potential  candidates  will  bring  to  the  Board,  having  due  regard  for  the  benefits  of  diversity  and  the specific needs of the Company, without focusing on a single diversity aspect.

As at 31 December 2022, we maintained a 193:179 ratio of women to men in our workforce. As regards gender diversity of the Board and senior management, we have one female Director and eight male Directors, and one out of two members of our senior management is female.

The Board is satisfied that the Group has achieved its measurable objectives in terms of Board diversity during the Year with (i)  at least one female Director being female; (ii) at least one third of the Board being independent non-executive Directors; (iii) at least one Director has accounting or other professional qualifications; and (iv) at least one Director is under the age of 50.

## Corporate Governance Report

## Corporate Governance Report

Our  Group  is  determined  to  continue  to  maintain  diversity  (including  gender  diversity)  and  equality  in  respect  of  its workforce.

## Nomination Policy

Under the director nomination policy (' Nomination Policy ') adopted by the Board with effect from the Listing Date, when assessing and selecting candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee will consider the following factors:

- (i) whether the individual's educational background and qualification, skills and experience are relevant to the Company's business model and specific needs;
- (ii) the individual's character and reputation for integrity;
- (iii) whether the individual would be able to devote sufficient time to the Board;
- (iv) (in respect of appointment and reappointment of independent non-executive Directors) independence of the individual with reference to the independence criteria set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules;
- (v) how the individual would be able to contribute to the diversity of the Board with reference to the factors set out in the Board Diversity Policy; and
- (vi) Board succession planning considerations.

Nevertheless, the ultimate responsibility for the selection and appointment of Directors rests with the entire Board.

## Nomination Procedures

On  March  23,  2020,  the  Nomination  Committee  adopted  the  following  nomination  procedures  for  the  appointment  and reappointment of Directors.

## Appointment of Directors

- (i) The Nomination Committee identifies individual(s) suitably qualified to become Board members, having due regard to the Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, and assesses the independence of the proposed independent non-executive Director(s) as appropriate;
- (ii) The Nomination Committee may use any process it deems appropriate to evaluate the candidate(s), which may include personal  interviews,  background  checks,  presentations  or  written  submissions  by  the  candidate(s)  and  third  party references;
- (iii) The Nomination Committee makes recommendation(s) to the Board;
- (iv) The  Board  considers  the  individual(s)  recommended  by  the  Nomination  Committee,  having  due  regard  to  the Nomination Policy, the Board Diversity Policy and the corporate governance guidelines;
- (v) The  Board  confirms  the  appointment  of  the  individual(s)  as  Director(s)  or  recommends  the  individual(s)  to  stand  for election  at  a  general  meeting.  Individual(s)  appointed  by  the  Board  to  fill  a  casual  vacancy  or  as  an  addition  to  the Board will be subject to re-election by Shareholders at the next AGM after initial appointment in accordance with the Company's Articles; and
- (vi) The Shareholders approve the election of individual(s), who stand(s) for election at general meeting, as Director(s).

## Re-appointment of Directors

- (i) The  Nomination  Committee  considers  each  retiring  Director,  having  due  regard  to  the  Nomination  Policy,  the Board  Diversity  Policy  and  the  corporate  governance  guidelines,  and  assesses  the  independence  of  each  retiring independent non-executive Director;
- (ii) The Nomination Committee makes recommendation(s) to the Board;
- (iii) The  Board  considers  each  retiring  Director  recommended  by  the  Nomination  Committee,  having  due  regard  to  the Nomination Policy, the Board Diversity Policy and the corporate governance guidelines;
- (iv) The Board recommends the retiring Directors to stand for re-election at the annual general meeting in accordance with the Company's Articles; and
- (v) The Shareholders approve the re-election of Directors at the annual general meeting.

## CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FUNCTIONS

The Board is responsible for performing the corporate governance functions including:

- (i) to develop and review the Company's policies, procedures and practices on corporate governance;
- (ii) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;
- (iii) to  review the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system on an ongoing basis and to remedy material internal control weaknesses;
- (iv) to  review  and  monitor  the  Company's  policies,  procedures  and  practices  on  compliance  with  legal  and  regulatory requirements;
- (v) to  develop,  review  and  monitor  the  code  of  conduct  and  compliance  manual  (if  any)  applicable  to  employees  and Directors;
- (vi) to review the adequacy of resources, staff competency, training programs and budget of the Company's accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions; and
- (vii) to  review  the  Company's  compliance  with  the  CG  Code  and  disclosure  in  the  corporate  governance  report  in  the annual report of the Company.

The  Board's  annual  review  of  the  Company's  corporate  governance  practices  for  the  Year  has  covered  the  aforesaid matters.  This  corporate  governance  report  has  been  reviewed  by  the  Board  in  fulfillment  of  its  corporate  governance responsibilities.

## Corporate Governance Report

## ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT

## Financial reporting

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility in publishing financial statements for each financial period which give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group and a clear and accurate assessment of the results and cash flows for that period. The Auditor's statement regarding its reporting responsibilities in respect of the consolidated financial statements of the Group is set out in the Independent Auditor's Report on pages 99 to 103 of this annual report.

In preparing financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, the Directors have (i) selected suitable accounting policies  and  applied  them  consistently;  (ii)  made  judgements  and  estimates  that  are  prudent  and  reasonable;  and  (iii) prepared financial statements on a going concern basis. The Directors noted that the Auditor has indicated some material uncertainties  relating  to  events  or  conditions  that  may  cast  significant  doubt  on  the  Company's  ability  to  continue  as  a going  concern.  During  the  Year,  the  Group  incurred  a  net  loss  of  approximately  US$11,494,000.  As  at  December  31, 2022, the Group's current liabilities exceeded its current assets by approximately US$46,553,000. Included in the Group's current liabilities was an interest-bearing term loan of US$43,000,000 with scheduled repayments starting from September 2023 and a revolving loan of US$5,000,000, both of which are repayable on demand, and our cash and cash equivalents amounted  to  approximately  US$3,451,000.  On  the  other  hand,  the  Group  had  capital  commitments  of  approximately US$4,290,000 as at December 31, 2022 in relation to the ongoing renovation and upgrade works of Crowne Plaza Resort Guam  and  Crowne  Plaza  Resort  Saipan,  which  is  expected  to  be  financed  by  internal  resources  in  the  coming  twelve months from December 31, 2022. The Auditor is of the view that these conditions, along with other matters as set out in note 2.1 to the consolidated financial statements, indicate that a material uncertainty exists that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. The Auditor's opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

Save  as  aforesaid  and  as  disclosed  under  the  section  headed  'Going  concern'  in  note  2.1  to  the  consolidated  financial statements,  the  Board,  having  made  all  reasonable  enquiries,  is  not  aware  of  any  material  uncertainties  relating  to  any events or conditions that may cause significant doubt upon the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.

The  Board,  taking  into  account  (i)  the  banking  facilities  totaling  US$48,000,000  is  currently  fully  secured  by  the  Group's hotel assets with ample security coverage; (ii) the reopening of the Group's hotels in Guam and Saipan and the anticipated cash flows to be generated from the Group's operations; and (iii) the fact that the Group has obtained shareholder loans facility  of  US$13,000,000  and  US$8,000,000  respectively  during  and  after  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  and  a commitment of financial support from Tan Holdings, and Tan Holdings has further undertaken not to demand repayment of the amount due to it by the Group until the Group is in a position to repay without impairing its liquidity and financial position and  certain  plans  and  measures,  consider  that  (i)  it  is  unlikely  that  the  bank  will  withdraw  its  banking  facility  or  demand immediate  repayment  in  full  amount  of  the  outstanding  banking  facilities;  and  (ii)  the  Group  will  have  sufficient  working capital to meet its financial obligations and capital commitments as and when they fall due for the foreseeable future and hence decided that it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis. For details of the plans and measures taken by the Directors, please refer to note 2.1 to the consolidated financial statements.

In addition, an explanation of the basis on which the Company generates or preserves value over the longer term and the strategy for delivering the Company's objective is included in the 'Chairman's Statement' and the 'Management Discussion and Analysis' sections on pages 6 to 9 and pages 10 to 20 respectively.

## Risk Management and Internal Control

The Board acknowledges its overall responsibility for the systems of risk management and internal controls of the Company and  for  reviewing  their  effectiveness  through  the  Audit  Committee  at  least  annually.  The  Board  is  committed  to  the management, identification and monitoring of risks associated with its business activities and has implemented effective and adequate risk management and internal controls systems to safeguard the interests of the Shareholders and the Group's assets.

## Corporate Governance Report

The  internal  control  procedures  of  the  Group  feature  a  comprehensive  budgeting  and  financial/management  reporting system to facilitate  the  management's ongoing review and oversight. Business strategic plans and budgets are prepared on an annual basis by the management of individual business and subject to review and approval by the Board. During the budget  setting  process,  the  likelihood  and  potential  financial  impact  of  fundamental  business  risks  have  been  identified, evaluated  and  reported  by  the  management.  Specific  procedures  and  guidelines  have  been  established  for  management approval and control of capital expenditures, mergers and acquisitions, unbudgeted items, operating expenses and other matters.

The executive Directors review the monthly management reports of major business units and the financial results and hold periodic meetings with senior finance and operational management teams to review and discuss the business performance against budget, market outlooks and to address deficiencies of any key issues on a timely basis.

The  Group  has  adopted  a  principle  of  minimizing  financial  and  capital  risks.  Details  of  our  financial  and  capital  risk management covering market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash flow interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk are set out in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 164 to 167 of this annual report.

All  major  operations  are  governed  by  its  standard  operating  procedures  with  authorization  matrix  and  supplemented by  written  policies  and  procedures  tailored  to  the  respective  business  units  and  support  functions.  These  policies  and procedures are aimed to provide guidelines on key risk management and control standards for our global operations and are updated on a regular and timely basis.

The Group has engaged BDO to provide internal auditing service (the ' Internal Audit ') for the Year. BDO is an independent internal  audit  services  provider  approved  and  adopted  by  the  Audit  Committee.  BDO  acts  as  a  significant  independent resource in assisting the Audit Committee in achieving good corporate governance and exercising its oversight responsibility to ensure the effectiveness of the Group's internal control system and performing evaluation of the adequacy of the controls established to safeguard Shareholders' investment and the Group's assets on an ongoing basis. BDO has a direct reporting line to the Audit Committee.

BDO independently  reviews  compliance  with  the  Group's  policies  and  guidelines,  legal  and  regulatory  requirements,  risk management and internal controls and evaluates their adequacy and effectiveness.

The Internal  Audit  plan  is  risk-based  and  covers  the  Group's  significant  operations  over  a  cycle  and  recurring  basis.  The Internal  Audit  plan  is  reviewed  and  endorsed  by  the  Audit  Committee.  Representatives  from  BDO  attend  meetings  of  the Audit Committee held during the Year to report its progress in achieving the Internal Audit plan. The scope of the Internal Audit covers significant controls including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management policies and procedures.  Major  findings  and  recommendations  including  the  implementation  status  of  agreed  recommendations  are reported at the Audit Committee meetings. In respect of the Year, no major issues but areas of improvement have been identified.  The  Directors  and  the  Audit  Committee  considered  that  the  major  areas  of  the  internal  control  systems  of  the Group are reasonably effective and adequately implemented.

As  part  of  the  annual  review  of  the  effectiveness  of  the  Group's  risk  management  and  internal  control  systems  for  the Year, management teams of business units also conducted an internal control self-assessment of business operations and relevant accounting functions and considered that sound risk management and internal control practices were in place for the Year.

The  Auditor  performed  independent  statutory  audits  of  the  Group's  consolidated  financial  statements.  The  Auditor  also reported to the Audit Committee that there is no significant weaknesses in our internal control which come to notice during the course of the audit.

## Corporate Governance Report

The Group has adopted a code of business ethics which requires all Directors and employees to comply with a set of high ethical standards in conducting the business. The Company has also adopted the inside information policy setting out the guidelines for handling and dissemination of inside information to the Directors and employees of the Group in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.

Up to the date of approval of this annual report, based on the respective assessments made by management and BDO, and  also  taking  into  account  the  results  of  the  audit  conducted  by  the  Auditor,  the  Audit  Committee  and  the  Directors considered that:

- (i) The  risk  management,  internal  control  and  accounting  systems  of  the  Group  are  designed  to  provide  reasonable but not absolute assurance that material assets are protected, business risks attributable to the Group are identified and monitored, material transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization and the financial statements are reliable for publication;
- (ii) The risk management and internal controls systems of the Group have been implemented with room for improvement and BDO has actively conducted follow-up audit for any improvements which were identified; and
- (iii) There  is  a  reasonably  effective  and  adequate  on-going  process  in  place  for  identifying,  evaluating  and  managing significant risks faced by the Group.

## External Auditor

The Auditor has been appointed as the external auditor of the Company for the Year. The consolidated financial statements for  the  Year  have  been  audited  by  the  Auditor.  The  Audit  Committee  has  been  notified  of  the  nature  and  the  service charges of non-audit services performed by the Auditor and considered that such services have no adverse effect on the independence of the Auditor.

In the preceding three financial years, Messrs. PricewaterhouseCoopers has retired as the external auditor of the Company upon expiration of its term of office at the conclusion of the 2022 AGM held on June 2, 2022. At the aforesaid AGM, the Shareholders of the company approved to appoint Messrs. Ernst &amp; Young as the new external auditor of the Company for the financial year ended December 31, 2022.

During  the  Year,  remuneration  of  approximately  US$220,000  was  paid/payable  to  the  Auditor  for  the  provision  of  audit services. In addition, approximately US$53,000 was paid/payable to the Auditor for other non-audit services.

## SHAREHOLDERS' RIGHTS

A summary of certain rights of the Shareholders is set out below:

## Procedures for putting forward proposals at Shareholders' meetings

Shareholders who wish to make proposals or move a resolution may convene an EGM in accordance with the 'Procedures for Shareholders to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting' set out below.

## Procedures for Shareholders to convene an Extraordinary General Meeting

Pursuant to Article 58 of the Articles, any one or more Shareholders holding (at the date of deposit of the requisition) not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of the Company shall at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary of the Company, to require an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business or resolution specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of such deposit the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.

Any written requisition to convene an EGM must state the objects of the EGM and must be signed by the requisitionist(s) concerned and deposited at the registered office of the Company (presently at 5th Floor, Nanyang Plaza, 57 Hung To Road, Kwun  Tong,  Kowloon,  Hong  Kong)  marked  for  the  attention  of  the  Company  Secretary.  The  requisition  may  consist  of several documents in like form, each signed by one or more of the requisitionist(s) concerned.

## Procedures for directing Shareholders' enquiries to the Board

Shareholders  may,  at  any  time,  direct  questions,  request  for  publicly  available  information  and  provide  comments  and suggestions to the Directors or management of the Company in writing through the Company Secretary of the Company whose contact details are as follow:

## S.A.I. Leisure Group Company Limited

5th Floor, Nanyang Plaza, 57 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong Email: ir@saileisuregroup.com

The  Company  Secretary  will  forward  the  Shareholders'  enquiries,  comments  and  suggestions  to  the  Board  and/or  the relevant Board Committees of the Company, where appropriate, to answer the Shareholders' questions.

In addition, Shareholders may also make enquiries to the Board at the general meetings of the Company.

Shareholders should direct their questions about their shareholdings by mail to the Company's Hong Kong Branch Share Registrar,  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited,  at  Level  54,  Hopewell  Centre,  183  Queen's  Road  East,  Hong  Kong,  who  has been appointed by the Company to deal with Shareholders for share registration and related matters.

## Procedures for Shareholders to propose a person for election as a Director

With effect from the Listing Date, the Company adopted a formal, considered and transparent procedure for Shareholders to  propose  a  person  for  election  as  a  Director.  The  following  procedures  are  subject  to  the  Company's  Articles,  the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands and applicable legislation and regulation:

- (i) If  a  Shareholder,  who  is  entitled  to  attend  and  vote  at  the  general  meeting  convened  to  deal  with  the  appointment or  election  of  Director(s),  wishes  to  propose  a  person  (other  than  himself/herself)  for  election  as  a  Director  at  that meeting, he/she may lodge a written notice with the Company Secretary of the Company at 5/F, Nanyang Plaza, 57 Hung To Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

## Corporate Governance Report

- (ii) In order for the Company to inform all Shareholders of that proposal, the written notice must state (i) his/her intention to  propose  such  person  for  election  as  a  Director,  and  (ii)  the  biographical  details  of  such  nominated  candidate  as required under Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules for publication by the Company and be signed by the Shareholder concerned and the person who has been proposed indicating his/her willingness to be elected.
- (iii) The period for lodgement of the above notice shall be a seven-day period commencing on a day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election of Director(s). If the Directors should determine and notify the Shareholders of a different period for lodgement of the above notice, such period shall in any event be a period of not less than seven days, commencing no earlier than the day after the despatch of the notice of the general meeting appointed for such election and ending no later than seven days prior to the date of such general meeting.
- (iv) Upon  receipt  of  the  above  notice  from  a  Shareholder  which  is  received  after  publication  of  the  notice  of  general meeting, the Company shall, prior to the general meeting, publish an announcement or issue a supplementary circular disclosing the particulars of the proposed Director pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

For Shareholders who would like to nominate a person for election as a Director at the forthcoming AGM, please refer to the notice of the AGM to be published for further information on the relevant nomination period.

## DIVIDEND POLICY

The  Company  intends  to  maintain  a  balance  between  rewarding  the  Shareholders  and  retaining  adequate  capital  for development and operation of the Company's business. The Company has adopted a dividend policy (' Dividend Policy '), pursuant  to  which  the  Company  may  declare  and  distribute  dividends  to  the  Shareholders.  The  recommendation  of  the payment of any dividend is subject to the discretion of the Board, and any declaration of final dividend will be subject to the approval of the Shareholders.

According to the Dividend Policy, in deciding whether to declare or recommend a dividend, the Board shall consider the following factors:

- (i) the general financial condition of the Group;
- (ii) the actual and future operations and liquidity positions of the Group;
- (iii) the future cash requirements and availability;
- (iv) any restrictions on payment of dividends that may be imposed by the Group's lenders;
- (v) the general market conditions;
- (vi) the future development of the Group; and
- (vii) any other factor that the Board deems appropriate.

The  Dividend  Policy  will  be  reviewed  from  time  to  time  and  there  is  no  assurance  that  a  dividend  will  be  proposed  or declared in any specific period.

## SHAREHOLDERS COMMUNICATION POLICY

The Board believes the importance of maintaining transparent, timely and effective communication with the Shareholders and  investors  of  the  Company.  Effective  communication  with  Shareholders  enables  Shareholders  to  have  a  clear assessment of the Group's performance and establishes investor confidence and enables them to engage actively with the Company and exercise their rights as shareholders in an informed manner.

According to the Shareholders Communication Policy of the Company adopted by the Board on April 16, 2019, a summary of the major means of communication with the Shareholders are as follows:

## Financial and other reporting

The  Company  reports  operating  results  on  a  half-yearly  basis  and  produces  interim  and  annual  reports  in  accordance with  the  Listing  Rules  and  other  applicable  laws  and  regulations.  From  time  to  time,  the  Company  communicates  other information to Shareholders by way of Company's announcement and/or circular, in compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements or otherwise.

## Disclosure of information on corporate website

All  material  information  in  both  English  and  Chinese  about  the  Group  is  made  available  on  the  Company's  website (www.saileisuregroup.com).  In  addition  to  a  dedicated  'Investor  Relations'  section  in  which  the  annual  reports,  interim reports,  announcements  and  circulars  of  the  Company  are  posted  as  soon  as  practicable  following  their  release  to  the Stock Exchange on the website of HKEX, relevant press releases and speeches are also made available on the Company's website to facilitate communication between the Company, Shareholders and the investment community.

## General meetings with Shareholders

The annual general meetings and other general meetings of the Company are the primary forum for communication with Shareholders and for Shareholders' participation. Voting at general meetings is conducted by way of poll in accordance with the Listing  Rules.  The  poll  results  will  be  published  on  the  respective  websites  of  the  Stock  Exchange  and  the  Company after  the  conclusion  of  the  general  meetings.  The  Company  encourages  Shareholders  to  participate  in  shareholders' meetings physically or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at such meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend.

The  2023  AGM  of  the  Company  is  expected  to  be  held  on  June  1,  2023.  The  notice  of  the  AGM  will  be  sent  to  the Shareholders at least 20 clear business days before the AGM. The Chairman and members of the Board and chairmen of the various Board committees or their duly appointed delegates will attend the forthcoming AGM to answer questions raised by the Shareholders.

## Shareholders Enquiries

Shareholders  may,  at  any  time,  direct  questions,  request  for  publicly  available  information  and  provide  comments  and suggestions to Directors or management of the Company.

The  Company's  Shareholders  Communication  Policy  is  subject  to  regular  review  by  the  Board  and  will  be  amended  (as appropriate)  from  time  to  time.  During  the  Year,  in  accordance  with  the  Shareholders  Communication  Policy  and  the relevant rules and regulations:

- The  Company  has  published  annual  reports,  interim  reports,  circulars  and  announcements  in  a  timely  manner  on websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company;
- The Company has published terms of reference of committees of Board on the Company's website;
- Shareholders are given the opportunity to meet the Directors and to raise questions at the Company's annual general meeting each year. The Chairman of the Board, executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent nonexecutive  Directors,  members  of  the  senior  management  and  the  external  auditor  of  the  Company  will  attend  the annual general meetings to answer questions from the Shareholders;
- Shareholders  may  put  forward  proposals  and  resolutions  for  consideration  at  general  meetings.  Please  refer  to  the section headed 'Shareholders Rights' of this report;

## Corporate Governance Report

- All  Shareholders  are  welcome  at  all  times  to  give  feedback  to  and  communicate  with  the  Directors  or  management through the Company Secretary by post to the Company's principal place of business in Hong Kong; and
- All  Shareholders  may  direct  their  questions  about  their  shareholdings  to  Tricor  Investor  Services  Limited,  the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, for share registration and related matters.

The Board has reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders Communication Policy during the Year. With  the  above  measures  in  place,  the  Board  is  satisfied  with  the  implementation  and  effectiveness  of  the  Shareholders Communication Policy.

## CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

At the annual general meeting of the Company held on June 2, 2022, a special resolution was passed to amend the then existing  Articles  of  the  Company  to,  among  others,  (i)  to  allow  general  meetings  to  be  held  as  hybrid  meetings  where Shareholders may attend by means of electronic facilities in addition to as physical meetings where Shareholders attend in person, (ii) to set out other related powers of the Board and the chairman of the general meetings, including but not limited to making arrangements for attendance as well as ensuring the security and orderly conduct of such general meetings, (iii) to reflect certain amendments in the Listing Rules and the applicable laws of Hong Kong and the Cayman Islands, and (iv) to make other minor consequential and tidying-up amendments for house-keeping purposes. Please refer to the Company's announcement dated March 29, 2022 and circular dated April 23, 2022 for details of the changes made to the previous version of the Articles. The latest version of the Company's Articles is available for inspection on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

<!-- image -->

Ernst &amp; Young 27/F, One Taikoo Place 979 King's Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

安永會計師事務所 香港鰂魚涌英皇道979號 太古坊⼀座27樓

To the Shareholders of S.A.I. Leisure Group Company Limited (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

## OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of S.A.I. Leisure Group Company Limited (the ' Company ')  and its subsidiaries (the ' Group ') set out on pages 104 to 169, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at December 31, 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In  our  opinion,  the  consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at December 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (' HKFRSs ') issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (' HKICPA ') and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

## BASIS FOR OPINION

We  conducted  our  audit  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Standards  on  Auditing  (' HKSAs ')  issued  by  the  HKICPA.  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor's responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial  statements section  of  our  report.  We  are  independent  of  the  Group  in  accordance  with  the  HKICPA's Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the ' Code '), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the  Code.  We  believe  that  the  audit  evidence  we  have  obtained  is  sufficient  and  appropriate  to  provide  a  basis  for  our opinion.

## MATERIAL UNCERTAINTY RELATED TO GOING CONCERN

We  draw  attention  to  note  2.1  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements  which  indicates  that  the  Group  had  net  current liabilities of US$46,553,000 as at December 31, 2022 and incurred a net loss of US$11,494,000 for the year then ended. Included  in  its  current  liabilities  was  an  interest-bearing  term  loan  of  US$43,000,000  with  scheduled  repayments  starting from September 2023 and a revolving loan of US$5,000,000, both of which are repayable on demand, and its cash and cash equivalents amounted to approximately US$3,451,000. These conditions, along with other matters as set forth in note 2.1  to  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  indicate  the  existence  of  a  material  uncertainty  which  may  cast  significant doubt about the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. Our opinion is not modified in respect of this matter.

## Independent Auditor's Report

Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888

Fax傳真: +852 2868 4432

ey.com

## Independent Auditor's Report

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key  audit  matters  are  those  matters  that,  in  our  professional  judgement,  were  of  most  significance  in  our  audit  of  the consolidated  financial  statements  of  the  current  period.  In  addition  to  the  matter  described  in  the Material  uncertainty related  to  going  concern section,  we  have  determined  the  matters  described  below  to  be  the  key  audit  matters  to  be communicated  in  our  report.  These  matters  were  addressed  in  the  context  of  our  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

We  have  fulfilled  the  responsibilities  described  in  the Auditor's  responsibilities  for  the  audit  of  the  consolidated  financial statements section  of  our  report,  including  in  relation  to  these  matters.  Accordingly,  our  audit  included  the  performance of  procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

## Key Audit Matter

## I mpairment  assessment  on  property,  plant  and equipment of the hotel assets

The  carrying  amount  of  the  property,  plant  and  equipment of  the  hotel  assets  (including  right-of-use  assets)  as at  December  31,  2022  was  US$127,500,000,  which represented  98%  of  the  carrying  amount  of  the  Group's property, plant and equipment and 80% of the Group's total assets.

In  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standard (' HKAS ')  36 Impairment  of  Assets issued  by  the  HKICPA, where an indication of impairment on cash-generating units containing  these  assets  exists,  the  Group  will  estimate  the recoverable  amounts  of  the  relevant  cash-generating  units, which  are  the  higher  of  the  value  in  use  and  the  fair  value less costs of disposal. An impairment loss is recognized only if  the carrying amount of a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount.

Since  the  Group's  hotels  and  resorts  segment  has  been loss-making  for  some  time,  the  Group  considered  that impairment  indications  existed  for  cash-generating  units containing the hotel assets. In this regard, the Group carried out  impairment  assessments  to  assess  the  recoverable amounts of these cash-generating units.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

In  respect  of  the  estimation  of  the  recoverable  amount  of each  of  the  cash-generating  units  containing  hotel  assets prepared  by  the  Group,  we  evaluated  the  calculation  of the  recoverable  amount  estimation  and  other  assumptions ( i n cluding  the  occupancy  rate,  room  charge,  growth rate)  and  involved  our  valuation  specialists  to  assist  us  in evaluating the discount rate used. In addition, we discussed with  management  of  the  Company  about  the  parameters and assumptions used in the cash flow forecast estimation and  obtained  corroborative  evidence  to  evaluate  their reasonableness.

We also assessed the adequacy of the related disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.

## KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)

## Key Audit Matter

## I mpairment  assessment  on  property,  plant  and equipment of the hotel assets (Continued)

The  recoverable  amounts  of  the  cash-generating  units containing hotel assets were estimated by the Group using a value-in-use calculation. The estimation of the recoverable amounts was based on, inter alia,  future  cash  flows  of  the relevant  cash-generating  units,  which  can  be  subjective in  nature  and  involved  various  management  assumptions regarding the occupancy rate, room charge and growth rate estimation.

Given  the  complexity  and  judgmental  nature  of  the impairment test, we considered this a key audit matter.

Related disclosures are included in notes 3, 4 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements.

## OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  other  information.  The  other  information  comprises  the  information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in  doing  so,  consider  whether  the  other  information  is  materially  inconsistent  with  the  consolidated  financial  statements or  our  knowledge  obtained  in  the  audit  or  otherwise  appears  to  be  materially  misstated.  If,  based  on  the  work  we  have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The  directors  of  the  Company  are  responsible  for  the  preparation  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements  that  give  a true  and fair  view  in  accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

## How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

## RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

## (Continued)

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group's ability  to  continue  as  a  going  concern,  disclosing,  as  applicable,  matters  related  to  going  concern  and  using  the  going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our  objectives  are  to  obtain  reasonable  assurance  about  whether  the  consolidated  financial  statements  as  a  whole  are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable  assurance  is  a  high  level  of  assurance,  but  is  not  a  guarantee  that  an  audit  conducted  in  accordance  with HKSAs  will  always  detect  a  material  misstatement  when  it  exists.  Misstatements  can  arise  from  fraud  or  error  and  are considered  material  if,  individually  or  in  the  aggregate,  they  could  reasonably  be  expected  to  influence  the  economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

- Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud  is  higher  than  for  one  resulting  from  error,  as  fraud  may  involve  collusion,  forgery,  intentional  omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.
- Obtain  an  understanding  of  internal  control  relevant  to  the  audit  in  order  to  design  audit  procedures  that  are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.
- Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.
- Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if  such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

## Independent Auditor's Report

## AUDITOR'S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)

- Evaluate  the  overall  presentation,  structure  and  content  of  the  consolidated  financial  statements,  including  the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
- Obtain  sufficient  appropriate  audit  evidence  regarding  the  financial  information  of  the  entities  or  business  activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matter. We describe these  matters  in  our  auditor's  report  unless  law  or  regulation  precludes  public  disclosure  about  the  matter  or  when,  in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is LAM, Wai Ming, Ada.

## Ernst &amp; Young

Certified Public Accountants Hong Kong March 30, 2023

## Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

Year ended December 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  6  15,751  19,801  Cost of inventories sold  (4,680)  (3,301)  Food and beverage costs  (538)  (617)  Employee benefit expenses  (7,383)  (6,083)  Utilities, repairs and maintenance  (3,895)  (2,104)  Other gains, net  7  2  55  Other operating costs  (11,194)  (12,130)  Other expenses  (535)  (1,868)  Operating loss  (12,472)  (6,247)  Finance income  8  1  33  Finance costs  8  (1,287)  (977)  Finance costs, net  8  (1,286)  (944)  Loss before tax  9  (13,758)  (7,191)  Income tax credit  12  2,264  1,051  Loss for the year  (11,494)  (6,140)  Other comprehensive loss  Item that may be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent years  - Change in value of debt investment at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  (29)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  (11,494)  (6,169)  Loss attributable to:  Shareholders of the Company  (11,425)  (5,952)  Non-controlling interests  (69)  (188)  (11,494)  (6,140)  Total comprehensive loss attributable to:  Shareholders of the Company  (11,425)  (5,981)  Non-controlling interests  (69)  (188)  (11,494)  (6,169)  Loss per share attributable to shareholders of the Company  - Basic and diluted (US cents)  14  (3.2)  (1.7)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

December 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  15  130,164  102,300  Investment properties  16  2,037  2,133  Intangible assets  17  61  108  Deferred tax assets  28  6,490  4,341  Prepayments and deposits  20  1,301  839  Total non-current assets  140,053  109,721  Current assets  Inventories  18  1,435  2,562  Trade receivables  19  9,275  12,951  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables  20  1,718  955  Amounts due from related parties  31  15  1  Income tax recoverable  2,561  2,561  Cash and cash equivalents  21  3,451  8,077  Total current assets  18,455  27,107  Total assets  158,508  136,828  EQUITY  Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company  Issued share capital  22  461  461  Share premium  22  38,122  38,122  Capital reserve  23  27,006  27,006  Other reserve  23  4,836  4,836  Retained earnings  4,094  15,519  74,519  85,944  Non-controlling interests  24  (342)  (273)  Total equity  74,177  85,671   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

December 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  LIABILITIES Non-current liabilities Other borrowings Lease liabilities Total non-current liabilities Current liabilities Trade and other payables Bank borrowings Other borrowings Lease liabilities Amounts due to related parties Income tax payable Total current liabilities Total liabilities Total equity and liabilities  27  1,800  -  15  17,523  18,760  19,323  18,760  25  10,077  13,705  26  48,000  17,000  27  5,015  -  15  1,268  1,539  31  611  116  37  37  65,008  32,397  84,331  51,157  158,508  136,828  …………………………………  …………………………………  Dr. Tan Siu Lin Director  Dr. Tan Henry Director   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity

Year ended December 31, 2022

| Attributable to shareholders of the Company  Issued  share  capital  Share  premium  Capital  reserve  Other  reserve  Retained  earnings  Subtotal  Non-  controlling  interests  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  (Note 22)  (Note 22)  (Note 23)  (Note 23)  At January 1, 2021  461  38,122  27,006  4,840  21,471  91,900  (85)  91,815  Loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (5,952)  (5,952)  (188)  (6,140)  Other comprehensive loss:  Change in value of debt investment  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  -  (29)  -  (29)  -  (29)  Total comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  (29)  (5,952)  (5,981)  (188)  (6,169)  Transfer of fair value loss on debt investment  at fair value through other comprehensive  income to profits or loss upon disposal  -  -  -  25  -  25  -  25  At December 31, 2021 and  January 1, 2022  461  38,122  27,006  4,836  15,519  85,944  (273)  85,671  Loss for the year and total  comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  -  (11,425)  (11,425)  (69)  (11,494)  At December 31, 2022  461  38,122  27,006  4,836  4,094  74,519  (342)  74,177   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended December 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  Cash flows from operating activities  Loss before income tax  (13,758)  (7,191)  Adjustments for:  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  9  4,159  4,320  Depreciation of investment properties  9  98  97  Amortization of intangible assets  9  49  121  Impairment of trade receivables  9  5  115  Write-down of inventories to net realizable value  9  -  344  Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment  7  -  (86)  Write-off of property, plant and equipment and investment properties  9  530  1,341  Impairment of property, plant and equipment  9  -  68  Interest income  8  (1)  (33)  Interest expense  8  1,287  977  Rent concessions from lessors  (405)  (698)  Gains on early termination of lease contracts  7  -  (2)  Gain on lease modification of lease contracts  (199)  -  Loss on disposal of financial asset at fair value through other  comprehensive income  7  -  25  (8,235)  (602)  Decrease in inventories  1,127  1,751  Decrease in trade receivables  3,671  2,185  (Increase)/decrease in prepayments, deposits and other receivables  (760)  246  Decrease in trade and other payables  (3,587)  (1,185)  (Increase)/decrease in amounts due from related parties  (14)  3  Increase/(decrease) in amounts due to related parties  495  (97)  Net cash (used in)/generated from operations  (7,303)  2,301  Income tax refunded  115  8  Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities  (7,188)  2,309   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

Year ended December 31, 2022

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  Cash flows from investing activities  Purchases of property, plant and equipment  (32,125)  (48,172)  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  101  Additions to investment properties  (2)  (5)  Additions to intangible assets  (2)  -  Proceeds from disposal of financial asset at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  479  Interest received  1  33  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (32,128)  (47,564)  Cash flows from financing activities  New bank loans  31,000  17,000  New other loans  6,800  -  Principal portion of lease payments  (774)  (823)  Interest paid  (2,336)  (1,009)  Net cash flows from financing activities  34,690  15,168  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (4,626)  (30,087)  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year  8,077  38,164  Cash and cash equivalents at end of year  21  3,451  8,077   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 1 CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

S.A.I.  Leisure  Group  Company  Limited  (the  ' Company ')  is  a  limited  liability  company  incorporated  in  the  Cayman Islands.  The  registered  office  of  the  Company  is  located  at  Cricket  Square,  Hutchins  Drive,  P.O.  Box  2681,  Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands, and its principal place of business is at 5th Floor, Nanyang Plaza, 57 Hung To Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong. The shares of the Company has been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the ' Stock Exchange ') since May 16, 2019 (the ' Listing ').

The  Company is  an  investment  holding  company.  During  the  year,  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  (together,  the ' Group ')  were  principally  engaged in  (i)  hotels  and  resorts  operations  in  Saipan  and  Guam,  (ii)  travel  retail  business of luxury and leisure clothing and accessories in Saipan, Guam and Hawaii and (iii) provision of destination services in Saipan.

The immediate holding company and intermediate holding company of the Company are THC Leisure Holdings Limited (' THC Leisure ') and Tan Holdings Corporation (' Tan Holdings '), respectively. Dr. Tan Siu Lin and Dr. Tan Henry (the son of Dr. Tan Siu Lin) are ultimate controlling parties.

## Information about subsidiaries

Particulars of the Company's principal subsidiaries are as follows:

| Company name  Place of incorporation/  establishment  Issued and fully paid  share capital  Percentage of  equity attributable to  the Company  (Indirect)  Principal activities  Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc.  The Commonwealth of  Northern Mariana Islands  (the '  CNMI  ')  US$15,000,000  100  Hotels and resorts  operations  Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation  The CNMI  US$100,000  80  Retail of luxury travel  accessories  Asia Pacific Hotels, Inc. (Guam)  Guam  US$9,500,000  100  Hotels and resorts  operations  Gemkell Corporation  Guam  US$80,000  80  Retail of luxury travel  accessories  Gemkell U.S.A. LLC  Hawaii  US$1,000,000  80  Retail of luxury travel  accessories   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

## 2.1  BASIS OF PREPARATION

These  financial  statements  have  been  prepared  in  accordance  with  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards (' HKFRSs ')  (which  include  all  Hong  Kong  Financial  Reporting  Standards,  Hong  Kong  Accounting  Standards (' HKASs ')  and  Interpretations)  issued  by  the  Hong  Kong  Institute  of  Certified  Public  Accountants  (' HKICPA '), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.  They  have  been  prepared  under  the  historical  cost  convention  except  for  financial  asset  at  fair  value through other comprehensive income which has been measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in United States dollars (' US$ ') and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

## Going concern

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  had  net  current  liabilities  of  US$46,553,000  and  incurred  a  net  loss  of US$11,494,000  for  the  year  then  ended.  Included  in  its  current  liabilities  was  an  interest-bearing  term  loan  of US$43,000,000  with  scheduled  repayments  starting  from  September  2023  and  a  revolving  loan  of  US$5,000,000, both  of  which  are  repayable  on  demand,  for  the  renovation  and  upgrade  works  of  hotels  in  Guam  and  Saipan (' Renovation '),  and its  cash and cash equivalents amounted to approximately US$3,451,000. Moreover, the Group had capital commitments of US$4,290,000 as at December 31, 2022 in relation to the Renovation which are expected to be settled during the first half of the year ending December 31, 2023.

In view of such circumstances, the directors of the Company (the ' Directors ') have given careful consideration to the future liquidity and performance of the Group and its available sources of financing in assessing whether the Group will have sufficient resources to continue as a going concern. The following plans and measures have been undertaken to mitigate the liquidity pressure and to improve the financial position of the Group:

- (i) Pursuant  to  the  terms  and  conditions  of  the  facility  with  the  bank,  the  Group  will  be  subject  to  certain undertakings  including  but  not  limited  to  financial  covenants  and  completion  of  the  Renovation  by  an  agreed date.  The  bank  has  acknowledged  the  Group's  latest  expected  renovation  completion  date  to  be  in  the  first half  of  2023.  The  Group  closely  monitors  its  compliance  with  the  undertakings  and  financial  covenants  of  the banking facility. When there is any potential breach of undertaking or financial covenants envisaged, the Group will actively negotiate with the bank to obtain a waiver for the relevant undertaking or financial covenants to avoid the bank from requesting for immediate repayment of any outstanding bank borrowings drawn under the facility, such that the facility and bank borrowings will continue to be available to the Group.

In the opinion of the Directors, the Group has been able to comply with all undertakings and financial covenants in  connection with the Group's bank borrowings for the year then ended. Based on the latest communications between management and the bank, the Directors are not aware of any intention of the bank to withdraw its banking facility or demand immediate repayment of the bank borrowings. Furthermore, as the banking facility is fully secured by certain of the Group's hotel assets with ample security coverage, the Directors believe that the existing banking facility will continue to be available to the Group given the good track record and relationship the Group has with the bank;

- (ii) The Group's hotels in Guam and Saipan reopened in the last quarter of 2022. Although the full resumption of the hotel operations and the resulting performance is highly dependent on the post-COVID 19 travel sentiments and the resumption of flights, the Group is cautiously optimistic that the leisure travel market and the Group's business operations is gradually recovering, and that the hotels are expected to generate operating cash inflows to the Group;

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 2.1  BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

## Going concern (Continued)

- (iii) The  Group  will  continue  its  efforts  to  generate  sufficient  cash  flows  from  operating  activities  by  implementing measures in  expediting  the  collection  of  outstanding  trade  receivables,  improving  sales  and  containing  capital and operating expenditures to retain sufficient working capital for the operations of the Group;
- (iv) The  Group  has  obtained  shareholder  loans  facility  of  US$13,000,000  and  US$8,000,000  during  the  year  and subsequent to the year end, respectively and a commitment of financial support from Tan Holdings which has committed  to  providing  financial  support  to  enable  the  Group  to  meet  its  liabilities  when  they  fall  due  in  the foreseeable future (at least twelve months from the date of the consolidated financial statements). Tan Holdings has undertaken not to demand repayment of the amount due to it by the Group until the Group is in a position to repay without impairing its liquidity and financial position; and
- (v) The  Group  will  consider  obtaining  additional  sources  of  funding  as  and  when  needed  to  enhance  its  financial position and support the operations of the Group.

The Directors have reviewed the Group's cash flow projections prepared by management, which cover a period of not less than twelve months from December 31, 2022. In the opinion of the Directors, taking into account the anticipated cash flows to be generated from the Group's operations as well as the above plans and measures, the Group will have sufficient working capital to meet its financial obligations and commitments as and when they fall due for a period of not  less  than  twelve  months  from  December  31,  2022.  Accordingly,  the  Directors  consider  that  it  is  appropriate  to prepare the consolidated financial statements on a going concern basis.

The Group's ability to generate sufficient cash flows to continue as a going concern is subject to significant uncertainty and  will  depend  on  the  successful  outcome  of  the  above  plans  and  measures.  Should  the  Group  be  unable  to achieve the above plans and measures so as to continue as a going concern, adjustments would have to be made to reduce the carrying values of the Group's assets to their recoverable amounts, to provide for financial liabilities which might  arise,  and  to  reclassify  non-current  assets  and  non-current  liabilities  as  current  assets  and  current  liabilities, respectively. The effects of these adjustments have not been reflected in the consolidated financial statements.

## Basis of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is  achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

- (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;
- (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and
- (c) the Group's voting rights and potential voting rights.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 2.1  BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

## Basis of consolidation (Continued)

The  financial  statements  of  the  subsidiaries  are  prepared  for  the  same  reporting  period  as  the  Company,  using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. All  intra-group  assets  and  liabilities,  equity,  income,  expenses  and  cash  flows  relating  to  transactions  between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

The  Group  reassesses  whether  or  not  it  controls  an  investee  if  facts  and  circumstances  indicate  that  there  are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

If  the  Group  loses  control  over  a  subsidiary,  it  derecognizes  (i)  the  assets  (including  goodwill)  and  liabilities  of  the subsidiary,  (ii)  the  carrying  amount  of  any  non-controlling  interest  and  (iii)  the  cumulative  translation  differences recorded in equity; and recognizes (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment retained  and  (iii)  any  resulting  surplus  or  deficit  in  profit  or  loss.  The  Group's  share  of  components  previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

## 2.2  CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year's financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 3  Reference to the Conceptual Framework Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use Onerous Contracts - Cost of Fulfilling a Contract Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41  Amendments to HKAS 16  Amendments to HKAS 37  Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

- (a) Amendments to HKFRS 3 replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting (the ' Conceptual Framework ') issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability.  The  exception  specifies  that,  for  liabilities  and  contingent  liabilities  that would be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively instead  of  the  Conceptual  Framework.  Furthermore,  the  amendments  clarify  that  contingent  assets  do  not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to business combinations that occurred on or after January 1, 2022. As there was no business combination during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

- (b) Amendments  to  HKAS  16  prohibit  an  entity  from  deducting  from  the  cost  of  an  item  of  property,  plant  and equipment  any  proceeds  from  selling  items  produced  while  bringing  that  asset  to  the  location  and  condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity recognizes the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories , in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made  available  for  use  on  or  after  January  1,  2021.  Since  there  was  no  sale  of  items  produced  prior  to  the property, plant and equipment being available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (c) Amendments  to  HKAS  37  clarify  that  for  the  purpose  of  assessing  whether  a  contract  is  onerous  under HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate  directly  to  a  contract  include  both  the  incremental  costs  of  fulfilling  that  contract  (e.g.,  direct  labor  and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at January 1, 2022 and no onerous contracts were identified. Therefore, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.
- (d) Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018-2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are applicable to the Group are as follows:
- HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms of  a  new  or  modified  financial  liability  are  substantially  different  from  the  terms  of  the  original  financial liability.  These  fees  include  only  those  paid  or  received  between  the  borrower  and  the  lender,  including fees  paid  or  received  by  either  the  borrower  or  lender  on  the  other's  behalf.  The  Group  has  applied  the amendment prospectively to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after January 1, 2022 and the amendment did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 2.3  ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements.

| Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011)  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its  Associate or Joint Venture 3  Amendments to HKFRS 16 HKFRS 17  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2  Insurance Contracts 1  Amendments to HKFRS 17  Insurance Contracts 1,5  Amendment to HKFRS 17  Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 - Comparative Information 6  Amendments to HKAS 1  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non current  (the ' 2020 Amendments ') 2,4  Amendments to HKAS 1  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants  (the ' 2022 Amendments ') 2  Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice  Statement 2  Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1  Amendments to HKAS 8  Definition of Accounting Estimates 1  Amendments to HKAS 12  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction 1   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

- 1 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
- 2 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024
- 3 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
- 4 As  a  consequence  of  the  2022  Amendments,  the  effective  date  of  the  2020  Amendments  was  deferred  to  annual  periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements - Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
- 5 As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before January 1, 2023
- 6 An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it on initial application of HKFRS 17

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 2.3  ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

- (a) Amendments  to  HKFRS  10  and  HKAS  28  (2011)  address  an  inconsistency  between  the  requirements  in HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its  associate  or  joint  venture.  The  amendments  require  a  full  recognition  of  a  gain  or  loss  resulting  from  a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture  constitutes  a  business.  For  a  transaction  involving  assets  that  do  not  constitute  a  business,  a  gain or  loss  resulting  from  the  transaction  is  recognized  in  the  investor's  profit  or  loss  only  to  the  extent  of  the unrelated investor's interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The  previous  mandatory  effective  date  of  amendments  to  HKFRS  10  and  HKAS  28  (2011)  was  removed  by the  HKICPA  in  January  2016  and  a  new  mandatory  effective  date  will  be  determined  after  the  completion  of a  broader  review  of  accounting  for  associates  and  joint  ventures.  However,  the  amendments  are  available  for adoption now.
- (b) Amendments  to  HKFRS  16  specify  the  requirements  that  a  seller-lessee  uses  in  measuring  the  lease  liability arising  in  a  sale  and  leaseback  transaction  to  ensure  the  seller-lessee  does  not  recognize  any  amount  of  the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on  or  after  January  1,  2024  and  shall  be  applied  retrospectively  to  sale  and  leaseback  transactions  entered into after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., January 1, 2019). Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
- (c) Amendments  to  HKAS  1 Classification  of  Liabilities  as  Current  or  Non-current clarify  the  requirements  for classifying  liabilities  as  current  or  non-current,  in  particular  the  determination  over  whether  an  entity  has  a right  to  defer  settlement  of  the  liabilities  for  at  least  12  months  after  the  reporting  period.  Classification  of  a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. In 2022, the HKICPA issued the  2022  Amendments  to  further  clarify  that,  among  covenants  of  a  liability  arising  from  a  loan  arrangement, only  those  with  which  an  entity  must  comply  on  or  before  the  reporting  date  affect  the  classification  of  that liability  as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional disclosures by an entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a right to defer settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months after the reporting period.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual  periods  beginning  on  or  after  January  1,  2024  and  shall  be applied  retrospectively.  Earlier  application  is  permitted.  An  entity  that  applies  the  2020  Amendments  early  is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may require revision. Based on a preliminary assessment,  the  amendments  are  not  expected  to  have  any  significant  impact  on  the  Group's  financial statements.
- (d) Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material accounting policy  information  rather  than  their  significant  accounting  policies.  Accounting  policy  information  is  material  if, when considered together with other information included in an entity's financial statements, it can reasonably be  expected  to  influence  decisions  that  the  primary  users  of  general  purpose  financial  statements  make  on the  basis  of  those  financial  statements.  Amendments  to  HKFRS  Practice  Statement  2  provide  non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date for  these  amendments  is  not  necessary.  The  Group  is  currently  revisiting  the  accounting  policy  disclosures  to ensure consistency with the amendments.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 2.3  ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (Continued)

- (e) Amendments  to  HKAS  8  clarify  the  distinction  between  changes  in  accounting  estimates  and  changes  in accounting  policies.  Accounting  estimates  are  defined  as  monetary  amounts  in  financial  statements  that  are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.
- (f) Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no longer applies  to  transactions  that  give  rise  to  equal  taxable  and  deductible  temporary  differences,  such  as  leases and  decommissioning  obligations.  Therefore,  entities  are  required  to  recognize  a  deferred  tax  asset  (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions.  The  amendments  are  effective  for  annual  reporting  periods  beginning  on  or  after  January  1, 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of  the  earliest  comparative  period  presented,  with  any  cumulative  effect  recognized  as  an  adjustment  to  the opening  balance  of  retained  profits  or  other  component  of  equity  as  appropriate  at  that  date.  In  addition,  the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group's financial statements.

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

## Fair value measurement

Fair  value  is  the  price  that  would  be  received  to  sell  an  asset  or  paid  to  transfer  a  liability  in  an  orderly  transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or  in  the  absence  of  a  principal  market,  in  the  most  advantageous  market  for  the  asset  or  liability.  The  principal  or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using  the  assumptions  that  market  participants  would  use  when  pricing  the  asset  or  liability,  assuming  that  market participants act in their economic best interest.

A  fair  value  measurement  of  a  non-financial  asset  takes  into  account  a  market  participant's  ability  to  generate economic benefits  by  using  the  asset  in  its  highest  and  best  use  or  by  selling  it  to  another  market  participant  that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

The  Group  uses  valuation  techniques  that  are  appropriate  in  the  circumstances  and  for  which  sufficient  data are  available  to  measure  fair  value,  maximizing  the  use  of  relevant  observable  inputs  and  minimizing  the  use  of unobservable inputs.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Fair value measurement (Continued)

All  assets  and  liabilities  for  which  fair  value  is  measured  or  disclosed  in  the  financial  statements  are  categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

- Level 1 -based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
- Level 2 -based  on  valuation  techniques  for  which  the  lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
- Level 3 -based  on  valuation  techniques  for  which  the  lowest  level  input  that  is  significant  to  the  fair  value measurement is unobservable

For  assets  and  liabilities  that  are  recognized  in  the  financial  statements  on  a  recurring  basis,  the  Group  determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

## Impairment of non-financial assets

Where  an  indication  of  impairment  exists,  or  when  annual  impairment  testing  for  an  asset  is  required  (other  than inventories,  deferred  tax  assets  and  financial  assets),  the  asset's  recoverable  amount  is  estimated.  An  asset's recoverable amount is the higher of the asset's or cash-generating unit's value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

An  assessment  is  made  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period  as  to  whether  there  is  an  indication  that  previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher  than  the  carrying  amount  that  would  have  been  determined  (net  of  any  depreciation/amortization)  had  no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Related parities

A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

- (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person's family and that person
- (i) has control or joint control over the Group;
- (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or
- (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

or

- (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:
- (i) the entity and the Group are members of the same group;
- (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);
- (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;
- (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;
- (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the Group;
- (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);
- (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and
- (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

Expenditure  incurred  after  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  have  been  put  into  operation,  such  as  repairs and  maintenance,  is  normally  charged  to  profit  or  loss  in  the  period  in  which  it  is  incurred.  In  situations  where  the recognition  criteria  are  satisfied,  the  expenditure  for  a  major  inspection  is  capitalized  in  the  carrying  amount  of the  asset  as  a  replacement.  Where  significant  parts  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  are  required  to  be  replaced at  intervals,  the  Group  recognizes  such  parts  as  individual  assets  with  specific  useful  lives  and  depreciates  them accordingly.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose are as follows:

| Buildings  20 to 48 years  Renovation and leasehold improvements  Shorter of lease term or 10 to 20 years  Plant and machinery  5 to 15 years  Furniture, fixtures and equipment  3 to 5 years  Motor vehicles  3 to 5 years   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

An  item  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  including  any  significant  part  initially  recognized  is  derecognized  upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognized in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognized is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

Construction  in  progress  represents  items  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  under  construction  and/or  pending installation,  which  is  stated  at  cost  less  any  impairment  losses,  and  is  not  depreciated.  Cost  comprises  the  direct costs of construction and capitalized borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investment properties

Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-of-use asset which  would  otherwise  meet  the  definition  of  an  investment  property)  held  to  earn  rental  income  and/or  for  capital appreciation,  rather  than  for  use  in  the  production  or  supply  of  goods  or  services  or  for  administrative  purposes; or  for  sale  in  the  ordinary  course  of  business.  Such  properties  are  stated  at  cost,  including  transaction  costs,  less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses.

Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of investment properties over their estimated useful  lives  of  20  to  48  years.  The  depreciation  period  and  the  depreciation  method  for  an  investment  property  are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognized in profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.

## Intangible assets

Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The useful lives of intangible assets are  assessed  to  be  either  finite  or  indefinite.  Intangible  assets  with  finite  lives  are  subsequently  amortized  over  the useful  economic  life  and  assessed  for  impairment  whenever  there  is  an  indication  that  the  intangible  asset  may  be impaired.  The  amortization  period  and  the  amortization  method  for  an  intangible  asset  with  a  finite  useful  life  are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

## Computer software

Purchased computer software is stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 years.

## Leases

The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is,  or  contains,  a lease  if  the  contract  conveys  the  right  to  control  the  use  of  an  identified  asset  for  a  period  of  time  in  exchange  for consideration.

## Group as a lessee

The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases and leases  of  low-value  assets.  The  Group  recognizes  lease  liabilities  to  make  lease  payments  and  right-of-use  assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessee (Continued)

## (a) Right-of-use assets

Right-of-use  assets  are  recognized  at  the  commencement  date  of  the  lease  (that  is  the  date  the  underlying asset  is  available  for  use).  Right-of-use  assets  are  measured  at  cost,  less  any  accumulated  depreciation  and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before  the  commencement  date  less  any  lease  incentives  received.  Right-of-use  assets  are  depreciated  on  a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

| Leasehold land Buildings  10 to 60 years 2 to 8 years   |
|---------------------------------------------------------|

If  ownership  of  the  leased  asset  transfers  to  the  Group  by  the  end  of  the  lease  term  or  the  cost  reflects  the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset. The Group's right-of-use assets are included in property, plant and equipment.

## (b) Lease liabilities

Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease payments to  be  made  over  the  lease  term.  The  lease  payments  include  fixed  payments  (including  in-substance  fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected  to  be  paid  under  residual  value  guarantees.  The  lease  payments  also  include  the  exercise price  of  a  purchase  option  reasonably  certain  to  be  exercised  by  the  Group  and  payments  of  penalties  for termination  of  a  lease,  if  the  lease  term  reflects  the  Group  exercising  the  option  to  terminate  the  lease.  The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment occurs.

In  calculating  the  present  value  of  lease  payments,  the  Group  uses  its  incremental  borrowing  rate  at  the lease  commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for  the  lease  payments  made.  In  addition,  the  carrying  amount  of  lease  liabilities  is  remeasured  if  there  is  a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

## (c) Short-term leases

The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of offices (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option).

Lease payments on short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Leases (Continued)

## Group as a lessor

When the Group acts as a lessor, it  classifies  at  lease  inception  (or  when  there  is  a  lease  modification)  each  of  its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an asset are  classified  as  operating  leases.  When  a  contract  contains  lease  and  non-lease  components,  the  Group  allocates the  consideration  in  the  contract  to  each  component  on  a  relative  stand-alone  selling  price  basis.  Rental  income is  accounted  for  on  a  straight-line  basis  over  the  lease  terms  and  is  included  in  revenue  in  profit  or  loss  due  to  its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.

## Investments and other financial assets

## Initial recognition and measurement

The Group's financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized cost and fair value through other comprehensive income.

The  classification  of  financial  assets  at  initial  recognition  depends  on  the  financial  asset's  contractual  cash  flow characteristics  and  the  Group's  business  model  for  managing  them.  With  the  exception  of  trade  receivables  that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for 'Revenue recognition' below.

In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest (' SPPI ') on the principal amount  outstanding.  Financial  assets  with  cash  flows  that  are  not  SPPI  are  classified  and  measured  at  fair  value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

The Group's business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at amortized cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with  the  objective  of  both  holding  to  collect  contractual  cash  flows  and  selling.  Financial  assets  which  are  not  held within the aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

All  regular  way  purchases  and  sales  of  financial  assets  are  recognized  on  the  trade  date,  that  is,  the  date  that  the Group  commits  to  purchase  or  sell  the  asset.  Regular  way  purchases  or  sales  are  purchases  or  sales  of  financial assets  that  require  delivery  of  assets  within  the  period  generally  established  by  regulation  or  convention  in  the marketplace.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Subsequent measurement

The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

- (a) Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

Financial  assets  at  amortized  cost  are  subsequently  measured  using  the  effective  interest  method  and  are subject  to  impairment.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  asset  is  derecognized, modified or impaired.

- (b) Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

For  debt  investments  at  fair  value  through  other  comprehensive  income,  interest  income,  foreign  exchange revaluation  and  impairment  losses  or  reversals  are  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  and  computed  in  the  same manner  as  for  financial  assets  measured  at  amortized  cost.  The  fair  value  changes  are  recognized  in  other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in other comprehensive income is recycled to profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial assets

A  financial  asset  (or,  where  applicable,  a  part  of  a  financial  asset  or  part  of  a  group  of  similar  financial  assets)  is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group's consolidated statement of financial position) when:

- the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or
- the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a 'pass-through' arrangement; and either (a)  the  Group  has  transferred  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  or  (b)  the  Group  has  neither transferred  nor  retained  substantially  all  the  risks  and  rewards  of  the  asset,  but  has  transferred  control  of  the asset.

When the Group has transferred  its  rights  to  receive  cash  flows  from  an  asset  or  has  entered  into  a  pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset,  the  Group  continues  to  recognize  the  transferred  asset  to  the  extent  of  the  Group's  continuing  involvement. In  that  case,  the  Group  also  recognizes  an  associated  liability.  The  transferred  asset  and  the  associated  liability  are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has retained.

Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

## Impairment of financial assets

The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (' ECLs ') for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

## General approach

ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased significantly since  initial  recognition.  When  making  the  assessment,  the  Group  compares  the  risk  of  a  default  occurring  on  the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or  effort,  including  historical  and  forward-looking  information.  The  Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortized cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

- Stage 1: Financial  instruments  for  which  credit  risk  has  not  increased  significantly  since  initial  recognition  and  for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs
- Stage 2: Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
- Stage 3: Financial  assets  that  are  credit-impaired  at  the  reporting  date  (but  that  are  not  purchased  or  originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

## Simplified approach

For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the simplified approach in  calculating  ECLs.  Under  the  simplified  approach,  the  Group  does  not  track  changes  in  credit  risk,  but  instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Financial liabilities

## Initial recognition and measurement

Financial  liabilities  are  classified,  at  initial  recognition,  as  financial  liabilities  at  amortized  cost,  which  are  recognized initially at fair value and net of directly attributable transaction costs.

The Group's financial liabilities include trade and other payables, lease liabilities, amounts due to related parties, bank borrowings and other borrowings.

## Subsequent measurement

After initial recognition, financial liabilities at amortized costs are subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost.  Gains  and  losses  are  recognized  in  profit  or  loss  when  the  liabilities  are  derecognized  as  well  as  through  the effective interest rate amortization process.

Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortization is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Derecognition of financial liabilities

A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognized in profit or loss.

## Offsetting financial instruments

Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

## Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the first-in, first-out basis and comprises all costs of purchase and other costs incurred in bringing the inventories to their present location and condition. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred to disposal. Hotel consumables including linens and toiletries are expensed-off as incurred.

## Cash and cash equivalents

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, are  subject  to  an  insignificant  risk  of  changes  in  value,  and  have  a  short  maturity  of  generally  within  three  months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of the Group's cash management.

For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.

## Provisions

A provision is recognized when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Provisions (Continued)

When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognized for a provision is the present value at the end of the  reporting  period  of  the  future  expenditures  expected  to  be  required  to  settle  the  obligation.  The  increase  in  the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs in profit or loss.

## Income tax

Income  tax  comprises  current  and  deferred  tax.  Income  tax  relating  to  items  recognized  outside  profit  or  loss  is recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities,  based  on  tax  rates  (and  tax  laws)  that  have  been  enacted  or  substantively  enacted  by  the  end  of  the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

Deferred  tax  is  provided,  using  the  liability  method,  on  all  temporary  differences  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting purposes.

Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

- when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and  any  unused  tax  losses.  Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognized  to  the  extent  that  it  is  probable  that  taxable  profit will  be  available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized, except:

- when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and
- in  respect  of  deductible  temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognized to  the  extent  that  it  has  become  probable  that  sufficient  taxable  profit  will  be  available  to  allow  all  or  part  of  the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Income tax (Continued)

Deferred tax  assets  and  liabilities  are  measured  at  the  tax  rates  that  are  expected  to  apply  to  the  period  when  the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

Deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  are  offset  if  and  only  if  the  Group  has  a  legally  enforceable  right  to set  off  current  tax  assets  and  current  tax  liabilities  and  the  deferred  tax  assets  and  deferred  tax  liabilities  relate  to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

## Government grants

Government  grants  are  recognized  at  their  fair  value  where  there  is  reasonable  assurance  that  the  grant  will  be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is recognized in  profit  or  loss  as  deduction  from  the  relevant  expense  on  a  systematic  basis  over  the  periods  that  the  costs,  for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

## Revenue recognition

## Revenue from contracts with customers

Revenue  from  contracts  with  customers  is  recognized  when  control  of  goods  or  services  is  transferred  to  the customers  at  an  amount  that  reflects  the  consideration  to  which  the  Group  expects  to  be  entitled  in  exchange  for those goods or services.

When  the  consideration  in  a  contract  includes  a  variable  amount,  the  amount  of  consideration  is  estimated  to which  the  Group  will  be  entitled  in  exchange  for  transferring  the  goods  or  services  to  the  customer.  The  variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal  in  the  amount  of  cumulative  revenue  recognized  will  not  occur  when  the  associated  uncertainty  with  the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between  the  Group  and  the  customer  at  contract  inception.  When  the  contract  contains  a  financing  component which provides  the  Group  with  a  significant  financial  benefit  for  more  than  one  year,  revenue  recognized  under  the contract  includes  the  interest  expense  accreted  on  the  contract  liability  under  the  effective  interest  method.  For  a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

## (a) Hotels and resorts operation

Revenue from room charge is recognized over time during the period of stay for the hotel guests because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Revenue recognition (Continued)

## Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

## (a) Hotels and resorts operation (Continued)

The  Group  sells  the  rooms  directly  either  to  tour  operators  on  a  wholesales  basis,  traditional  travel  agents (' TTAs '),  several  corporate  customers  and  individuals.  The  Group  also  sells  the  rooms  through  the  online travel  agents  (' OTAs ')  to  the  end  customers.  On  this  basis,  tour  operators,  TTAs,  several  corporate  customer and individuals are accounted for as the Group's customers. The Group has an agency relationship with OTAs whereby  OTAs  would  book  the  room  when  they  receive  customers'  order  and  in  return  receive  fixed  rate commission for their service. As such, the Group regards OTAs as the agents of the Group and their end-guests as  the  Group's  customers.  Revenue  is  recognized  based  on  the  amount  received  from  the  end-guests  and payment made to the OTAs is recorded as commission expenses.

Revenue  from  food  and  beverage  sales  is  recognized  at  the  point  in  time  when  the  food  and  beverage  are delivered to the customers.

## (b) Luxury travel retail operation

Revenue from the sale of goods is recognized at the point in time when control of the products is transferred to the customers, generally on delivery of the products.

## (c) Destination services operation

Revenue from provision of tour services is recognized over the scheduled period on a straight-line basis because the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group.

Revenue from sales of souvenirs and others is recognized at a point of time when the control of the products is transferred to the customers, generally on delivery of the products.

Revenue from the land arrangement activities is recognized when the services are rendered to the customers.

## Revenue from other sources

Rental  income  is  recognized  on  a  time  proportion  basis  over  the  lease  terms.  Variable  lease  payments  that  do  not depend on an index or a rate are recognized as income in the accounting period in which they are incurred.

## Other income

Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that exactly discounts  the  estimated  future  cash  receipts  over  the  expected  life  of  the  financial  instrument  or  a  shorter  period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

## Employee benefits - Pension schemes

The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the ' MPF Scheme ') under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for its employees in Hong Kong. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees' basic salaries and are charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group's employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 3 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

## Employee benefits - Pension schemes (Continued)

The  employees  of  the  Group's  subsidiaries  which  operate  in  Saipan,  Guam  and  Hawaii  are  required  to  participate in  a  defined  contribution  pension  scheme  as  defined  in  subsection  401(k)  of  the  Internal  Revenue  Code  in  the United States. These subsidiaries may make matching or non-elective contributions to the plan on behalf of eligible employees  that  is  limited  to  a  maximum  pre-tax  annual  contribution  of  US$20,500  (2021:  US$19,500)  for  the  year ended December 31, 2022. The contributions to the scheme are charged to profit or loss as and when they incurred. The Group's employer contribution vest fully once made.

## Borrowing costs

Borrowing  costs  directly  attributable  to  the  acquisition,  construction  or  production  of  qualifying  assets,  i.e.,  assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are capitalized as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalization of such borrowing costs ceases when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs capitalized. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of funds.

## Foreign currencies

These  financial  statements  are  presented  in  US  dollars,  which  is  the  Company's  and  its  subsidiaries'  functional currency.  Each  entity  in  the  Group  determines  its  own  functional  currency  and  items  included  in  the  financial statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency.

## 4 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

The  preparation  of  the  Group's  financial  statements  requires  management  to  make  judgements,  estimates  and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures,  and  the  disclosure  of  contingent  liabilities.  Uncertainty  about  these  assumptions  and  estimates  could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

## Judgements

In  the  process of applying the Group's accounting policies, management has made the following judgements, apart from  those  involving  estimations,  which  have  the  most  significant  effect  on  the  amounts  recognized  in  the  financial statements:

## (a) Impairment of non-financial assets

The  Group  assesses  whether  there  are  any  indicators  of  impairment  for  all  non-financial  assets  (including  the right-of-use  assets)  at  the  end  of  each  reporting  period.  Non-financial  assets  are  tested  for  impairment  when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less  costs  of  disposal  and  its  value  in  use.  The  calculation  of  the  fair  value  less  costs  of  disposal  is  based  on available  data  from  binding  sales  transactions  in  an  arm's  length  transaction  of  similar  assets  or  observable market prices less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 4 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Judgements (Continued)

## (b) Significant judgement in determining the lease term of contracts with renewal options

The  Group  has  several  lease  contracts  that  include  extension  and  termination  options.  The  Group  applies judgement  in  evaluating  whether  or  not  to  exercise  the  option  to  renew  or  terminate  the  lease.  That  is, it  considers  all  relevant  factors  that  create  an  economic  incentive  for  it  to  exercise  either  the  renewal  or termination. After the commencement date, the Group reassesses the lease term if there is a significant event or change in circumstances that is within its control and affects its ability to exercise or not to exercise the option to renew or to terminate the lease.

## Estimates

The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation at the end of the reporting year, that might have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

## (c) Useful lives and residual values of property, plant and equipment

The  Group's  management  determines  the  useful  lives,  residual  values  and  related  depreciation  charges  for the  Group's  property,  plant  and  equipment.  This  estimate  is  based  on  the  historical  experience  of  the  actual useful  lives  and  residual  values  of  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  similar  nature  and  functions.  It  could change significantly  as  a  result  of  technical  innovations  and  competitor  actions  in  response  to  severe  industry cycles.  Management  will  increase  the  depreciation  charge  when  useful  lives  and  residual  values  are  less  than previously estimated, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold. Actual economic lives may differ from estimated useful lives. Periodic review could result in a change in depreciable lives and therefore depreciation in the future periods.

## (d) Leases - Estimating the incremental borrowing rate

The  Group  cannot  readily  determine  the  interest  rate  implicit  in  a  lease,  and  therefore,  it  uses  an  incremental borrowing rate (' IBR ')  to  measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value  to  the  right-of-use  asset  in  a  similar  economic  environment.  The  IBR  therefore  reflects  what  the  Group 'would have to pay', which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of  the  lease  (for  example,  when  leases  are  not  in  the  subsidiary's  functional  currency).  The  Group  estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary's stand-alone credit rating).

## (e) Write-down of inventories to net realizable value

Impairment  of  inventories  is  made  based  on  the  assessment  of  net  realizable  value,  which  is  the  amount  the inventories  are  expected  to  realize.  Estimates  of  net  realizable  value  are  based  on  the  most  reliable  evidence available  at  the  time  the  estimates  are  made.  These  estimates  take  into  consideration  fluctuations  of  price  or cost  directly  relating  to  events  occurring  after  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  to  the  extent  that  such  events confirm  conditions  existing  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  Significant  management  estimates  are  required in the estimates. When the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimates, such differences will impact on the carrying values of inventories and the amount of impairment/reversal in the periods in which such estimates have been changed.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 4 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)

## Estimates (Continued)

## (f) Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

For  trade  receivable  from  a  governmental  authority,  the  credit  quality  of  a  governmental  authority  has  been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. Other  than  the  trade  receivables  from  a  government  authority,  the  Group  uses  a  provision  matrix  to  calculate ECLs  for  trade  receivables,  by  applying  ECL  rates  to  different  ageing  groups  of  customers  with  similar  credit risk  characteristics.  The  ECL  rate  of  each  ageing  group  is  determined  by  the  Group  based  on  the  average  of historical incurred credit loss experience on each ageing group in the past years and, where material, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

The Group's historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may not be representative of a  customer's  actual  default  in  the  future  and  significant  management  estimates  are  required  in  the  estimates. When the actual outcome or expectation in future is different from the original estimates, such differences will impact on the carrying amounts of trade receivables and the amount of ECLs provided or reversed in the periods in which such estimates have been changed. The information about the ECLs on the Group's trade receivables is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION

The  executive  directors  of  the  Company  have  been  identified  as  the  Group's  chief  operating  decision-maker  (the ' CODM ').  The  CODM  has  determined  the  operating  segments  based  on  the  reports  reviewed  by  them  that  are used to make strategic decisions and resources allocation. For management purposes, the Group is organized into business units based on their products and services and has three reportable operating segments as follows:

- (a) Hotels and resorts: operation of hotels and leasing of commercial premises located within the hotel buildings in Saipan and Guam (the ' Hotels &amp; Resorts Segment ');
- (b) Luxury  travel  retail:  sales  of  luxury  and  leisure  clothing  and  accessories  in  retail  stores  in  Saipan,  Guam  and Hawaii (the ' Luxury Travel Retail Segment ');
- (c) Destination  services:  provision  of  destination  activities  in  Saipan  including  (i)  operation  of  souvenir  and convenience stores; (ii) excursion tour operation; and (iii) provision of land arrangement and concierge services (the ' Destination Services Segment ').

The Group's business activities are conducted predominantly in Saipan, Guam and Hawaii.

Management monitors the results of the Group's operating segments separately for the purpose of making decisions about  resource  allocation  and  performance  assessment.  Segment  performance  is  evaluated  based  on  reportable segment  profit/loss,  which  is  a  measure  of  adjusted  profit/loss  before  tax.  The  adjusted  profit/loss  before  tax  is measured consistently  with  the  Group's  profit/loss  before  tax  except  that  other  gains,  net,  finance  income,  finance costs as well as corporate and other unallocated expenses are excluded from such measurement.

Segment assets and liabilities information is not disclosed as it is not regularly reviewed by the CODM.

Intersegment sales and transfers are transacted with reference to the selling prices used for sales made to third parties at the then prevailing market prices.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

The segment information provided to the Group's CODM for the reportable segments for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is as follows:

| Hotels and resorts  Luxury travel retail  Destination services  Total  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Segment revenue  (Note 6)  Sales to external customers  8,060  15,234  7,448  4,371  243  196  15,751  19,801  Intersegment sales  13  -  -  -  -  -  13  -  8,073  15,234  7,448  4,371  243  196  15,764  19,801  Reconciliation:  Elimination of intersegment sales  (13)  -  15,751  19,801  Segment results  (10,064)  (3,421)  (146)  (979)  (449)  (186)  (10,659)  (4,586)  Other gains, net  2  55  Corporate and other unallocated  expenses  (1,815)  (1,716)  Finance income  1  33  Finance costs  (1,287)  (977)  Loss before tax  (13,758)  (7,191)  Income tax credit  2,264  1,051  Loss for the year  (11,494)  (6,140)  Other segment information:  Depreciation of property, plant  and equipment:  Segment assets  3,464  3,284  643  957  41  22  4,148  4,263  Unallocated assets  11  57  4,159  4,320  Depreciation of investment  properties  98  97  -  -  -  -  98  97  Amortization of intangible assets  37  101  12  20  -  -  49  121  Write-down of inventories to net  realizable value  -  -  -  344  -  -  -  344  Impairment of trade receivables  -  115  -  -  5  -  5  115  Write-off of property, plant and  equipment and investment  properties  530  1,341  -  -  -  -  530  1,341  Impairment of property, plant  and equipment  -  -  -  68  -  -  -  68  Capital expenditure*:  Segment assets  32,452  51,097  218  2,086  46  142  32,716  53,325  Unallocated assets  -  2  32,716  53,327   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* Capital expenditure consists of addition of property, plant and equipment, investment properties and intangible assets except right-of-use assets..

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 5 SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

## Geographical information

## (a) Revenue from external customers

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Saipan  8,635  15,943  Guam  5,502  2,426  Hawaii  1,614  1,432  15,751  19,801   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  revenue  information  above  is  based  on  the  locations  at  which  the  services  were  rendered  or  the  goods delivered.

## (b) Non-current assets

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Saipan  55,071  39,553  Guam  75,425  62,110  Hawaii  2,229  2,860  Hong Kong  2  18  132,727  104,541   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The non-current assets information above is based on the locations of assets and excludes financial instruments and deferred tax assets.

## Information about major customers

The  revenue  from  external  parties  is  derived  from  numerous  external  customers  and  the  revenue  reported  to  the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated financial statements.

Revenue individually generated from the following customer in the hotels and resorts segment contributed more than 10% of the total revenue of the Group:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  ## Customer A  6,224  14,543   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------|

All other customers individually accounted for less than 10% of the Group's revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## 6 REVENUE

An analysis of revenue is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue from contracts with customers  Hotels and resorts operations  7,971  15,135  Luxury retail, souvenir and convenience stores operations  7,676  4,567  Excursion tour services  15  -  15,662  19,702  Revenue from an other source  Rental income  89  99  15,751  19,801   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (a) Disaggregated revenue information

Year ended December 31, 2022

| Segments  Hotels and  resorts  Luxury travel  retail  Destination  services  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Types of goods or services  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Room charge  6,555  -  -  6,555  - Food and beverage  1,386  -  -  1,386  - Sale of luxury and leisure clothing and  accessories  -  7,448  -  7,448  - Sale of souvenirs and others  -  -  228  228  - Operating excursion tour and rendering  of land arrangement services  -  -  15  15  - Other hospitality (Note (i))  30  -  -  30  Total revenue from contracts with  customers  7,971  7,448  243  15,662  Revenue from an other source  - Rental income  89  -  -  89  Total revenue  8,060  7,448  243  15,751   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 6 REVENUE (Continued)

## (a) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

Year ended December 31, 2022 (Continued)

| Segments  Hotels and  resorts  Luxury travel  retail  Destination  services  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Geographical markets  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Saipan  7,445  891  243  8,579  - Guam  526  4,943  -  5,469  - Hawaii  -  1,614  -  1,614  Total revenue from contracts with  customers  7,971  7,448  243  15,662  Revenue from an other source  - Rental income  89  -  -  89  Total revenue  8,060  7,448  243  15,751  Timing of revenue recognition  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Goods transferred at a point in time  1,416  7,448  228  9,092  - Services transferred over time  6,555  -  15  6,570  Total revenue from contracts with  customers  7,971  7,448  243  15,662  Revenue from an other source  - Rental income (Note (ii))  89  -  -  89  Total revenue  8,060  7,448  243  15,751   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 6 REVENUE (Continued)

## (a) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

Year ended December 31, 2021

| Segments  Hotels and  resorts  Luxury travel  retail  Destination  services  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Types of goods or services  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Room charge  12,294  -  -  12,294  - Food and beverage  2,802  -  -  2,802  - Sale of luxury and leisure clothing and  accessories  -  4,371  -  4,371  - Sale of souvenirs and others  -  -  196  196  - Other hospitality (Note (i))  39  -  -  39  Total revenue from contracts with  customers  15,135  4,371  196  19,702  Revenue from an other source  - Rental income  99  -  -  99  Total revenue  15,234  4,371  196  19,801  Geographical markets  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Saipan  15,135  543  196  15,874  - Guam  -  2,396  -  2,396  - Hawaii  -  1,432  -  1,432  Total revenue from contracts with  customers  15,135  4,371  196  19,702  Revenue from an other source  - Rental income  99  -  -  99  Total revenue  15,234  4,371  196  19,801   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 6 REVENUE (Continued)

## (a) Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

Year ended December 31, 2021 (Continued)

| Segments  Hotels and  resorts  Luxury travel  retail  Destination  services  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  Timing of revenue recognition  Revenue from contracts with customers  - Goods transferred at a point in time  2,841  4,371  196  7,408  - Services transferred over time  12,294  -  -  12,294  Total revenue from contracts with  customers  15,135  4,371  196  19,702  Revenue from an other source  - Rental income  99  -  -  99  Total revenue  15,234  4,371  196  19,801   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(i) Other  hospitality  mainly  represents  late  check-out  charges,  cancellation  charges,  laundry  income,  sales  of  items  from mini bar, smoking fee and extra bed charges.

(ii) Rental income mainly represents income derived from lease of hotel space to third-party operating services and facilities.

(iii) No  revenue  recognized  during  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  related  to  performance  obligations  satisfied  or partially satisfied in previous periods (2021: Nil).

## 6 REVENUE (Continued)

## (b) Performance obligations

Information about the Group's performance obligations in contracts with customers is summarized below:

## Room charge

The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and short-term advances are normally required before rendering the services, except for the sale to tour operators on a wholesale basis, TTAs, several corporate  customers  and  individuals.  For  the  sales  with  OTAs,  payment  are  either  settled  by  the  end-guests upon checkout or settled by OTAs on a monthly basis. For certain sales with corporate customers, a credit term of 30 days is granted.

## Sale of goods (including food and beverage, luxury and leisure clothing and accessories, souvenirs and others)

The  performance  obligation  is  satisfied  at  the  point  in  time  when  control  of  the  products  is  transferred  to  the customers,  generally  on  delivery  of  the  products.  Payment  of  the  transaction  is  due  immediately  at  the  point when the customer purchases the goods.

The  Group  does  not  provide  any  sales-related  warranties  nor  right  of  return  by  customers  under  the  Group's standard contract terms.

## Operating excursion tour and rendering of land arrangement services

The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and payment in advance is normally required.

There were no amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations related to the operating  excursion  tour  and  rendering  of  land  arrangement  services  (unsatisfied  or  partially  unsatisfied)  as at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period.  As  the  remaining  performance  obligations  for  room  charge  are  part  of  the revenue contracts that have an original expected duration of one year or less, the Group has elected the practical expedient in HKFRS 15 for not to disclose the amount of the transaction prices allocated to these performance obligations.

## 7 OTHER GAINS, NET

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Net exchange gains/(losses)  2  (8)  Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment  -  86  Gains on early termination of lease contracts  -  2  Loss on disposal of financial asset at fair value through other comprehensive  income  -  (25)  2  55   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 8 FINANCE COSTS, NET

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Finance income:  - Interest income from bank deposits  1  33  Finance costs:  - Interest expenses on lease liabilities  (906)  (970)  - Interest expenses on Paycheck Protection Program loans,  net of amounts forgiven  32  (7)  - Interest expenses on bank borrowings  (1,450)  (94)  - Interest expenses on other borrowings  (15)  -  (2,339)  (1,071)  Less: Amounts capitalized in the property, plant and equipment  1,052  94  (1,287)  (977)  Finance costs, net  (1,286)  (944)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 9 LOSS BEFORE TAX

The Group's loss before tax is arrived at after charging:

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  Cost of inventories sold  4,680  3,301  Food and beverage costs  538  617  Employee benefit expenses (including directors' remuneration -  note 10):  Wages, salaries and other benefits  7,325  6,025  Pension scheme contributions (defined contribution scheme)**  58  58  7,383  6,083  Lease payment not included in the measurement of lease liabilities  15(c)(iii)  786  530  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment  15  4,159  4,320  Depreciation of investment properties  16  98  97  Amortization of intangible assets***  17  49  121  Impairment of trade receivables*  19  5  115  Write-down of inventories to net realizable value*  18  -  344  Write-off of property, plant and equipment and investment properties*  530  1,341  Impairment of property, plant and equipment*  -  68  Auditors' remuneration  220  169   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These items are included in 'Other expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

** There  are  no  forfeited  contributions  that  may  be  used  by  the  Group  as  the  employer  to  reduce  the  existing  level  of contributions.

*** This  item  is  included  in  'Other  operating  costs'  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  profit  or  loss  and  other  comprehensive income.

## 10 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION

## (a) Directors' emoluments

An analysis of the directors' remuneration, on a named basis, is as follows:

| Director's  fee  Salary  Discretionary  bonuses  Allowances  and other  benefits in  kind  Employer's  contribution  to a  retirement  benefit  scheme  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  For the year ended December 31,  2022  Executive director  Dr. Tan Henry (Note (i))  -  280  -  -  -  280  Mr. Chiu George  -  150  -  -  -  150  Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink  -  154  -  -  -  154  Mr. Schweizer Jeffrey William  -  150  -  2  6  158  Non-executive director  Dr. Tan Siu Lin  19  -  -  -  -  19  Mr. Tan Willie  19  -  -  -  -  19  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Prof. Chan Pak Woon David (Note (ii))  23  -  -  -  -  23  Mr. Chan Leung Choi Albert  38  -  -  -  -  38  Mr. Ma Andrew Chiu Cheung  38  -  -  -  -  38  Mr. Wong Chun Tat (Note (iii))  2  -  -  -  -  2  139  734  -  2  6  881  For the year ended December 31,  2021  Executive director  Dr. Tan Henry (Note (i))  -  200  80  -  -  280  Mr. Chiu George  -  150  -  -  -  150  Mrs. Su Tan Jennifer Sze Tink  -  128  27  -  -  155  Mr. Schweizer Jeffrey William  -  135  5  12  5  157  Non-executive director  Dr. Tan Siu Lin  19  -  -  -  -  19  Mr. Tan Willie  19  -  -  -  -  19  Independent Non-Executive Directors  Prof. Chan Pak Woon David  38  -  -  -  -  38  Mr. Chan Leung Choi Albert  38  -  -  -  -  38  Mr. Ma Andrew Chiu Cheung  38  -  -  -  -  38  152  613  112  12  5  894   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 10 DIRECTORS' REMUNERATION (Continued)

## (a) Directors' emoluments (Continued)

Notes:

- (i) Dr. Tan Henry is the Group's chief executive officer.
- (ii) Prof. Chan Pak Woon David passed away on November 9, 2022.
- (iii) Mr. Wong Chun Tat was appointed as independent non-executive Director on December 16, 2022.

No director fees were paid to these directors in their capacity as directors of the Company or the subsidiaries and no emoluments were paid by the Company or the subsidiaries to the directors as an inducement to join the Company or the subsidiaries, or as compensation for loss of office during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (b) Directors' retirement benefits and termination benefits

None of the directors received any retirement benefits or termination benefits during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (c) Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors' services

During the year ended December 31, 2022, no consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available directors' services (2021: Nil).

## (d) Information  about  loans,  quasi-loans  and  other  dealings  in  favour  of  directors,  controlled  bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors

There  were  no  loans,  quasi-loan  and  other  dealing  arrangements  in  favor  of  directors,  controlled  bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors as at December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## (e) Directors' material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts

Save as disclosed in note 31(a), there were no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to  the  Group's  business  to  which  the  Group  was  a  party  and  in  which  a  director  of  the  Group  had  a  material interest,  whether  directly  or  indirectly,  subsisted  at  the  end  of  the  year  or  at  any  time  during  the  year  ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 11 FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

The five highest paid employees during the year include 2 (2021: 3) directors, details of whose remuneration are set out in note 10 above. Details of the remuneration of the 3 (2021: 2) non-director, highest paid employees for the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Salaries and other allowances and benefits in kind  689  321  Discretionary bonus  26  34  Pension scheme contribution  2  4  717  359   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 11 FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS (Continued)

The  number  of  the  non-directors  highest  paid  employees  whose  remuneration  fell  within  the  following  bands  is  as follows:

| Number of employees  2022  2021  US$128,205 to US$192,308 (equivalent HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000)  -  1  US$192,308 to US$256,410 (equivalent HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,000,000)  2  1  US$256,410 to US$320,513 (equivalent HK$2,000,001 to HK$2,500,000)  1  -   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No incentive payment for joining the Group or compensation for loss of office was paid or payable to any of the five highest paid individuals during the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

## 12 INCOME TAX CREDIT

No provision for Hong Kong, the CNMI, Guam and Hawaii profits tax has been made for the year ended December 31, 2022 as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in the Hong Kong, CNMI, Guam and Hawaii during the year (2021: Nil).

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current:  Over-provision in prior years  115  -  Deferred (Note 28)  2,149  1,051  2,264  1,051   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  Group's  subsidiaries  incorporated  in  the  CNMI,  Guam  and  Hawaii  were  subject  to  income  tax  rate  of  21%.  A reconciliation of the tax credit applicable to loss before tax at the statutory tax rates to the tax expense at the Group's effective tax rate is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Loss before tax  (13,758)  (7,191)  Tax credit at the statutory tax rates  (2,798)  (1,442)  Income not subject to tax  -  (5)  Expenses not deductible for tax  649  658  Lower tax rates enacted by the CNMI (Note)  -  (262)  Over-provision in prior years  (115)  -  Tax credit at the Group's effective tax rates  (2,264)  (1,051)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The  CNMI  imposes  progressive  (1.5%  to  5%)  business  gross  receipt  tax  payments  (' BGRT ').  Companies  incorporated  and operating in  the  CNMI  are  entitled  to  use  BGRT  as  tax  credits  in  deriving  the  corporate  income  tax  during  the  years  ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 13 DIVIDEND

The  board  of  directors  does  not  recommend  the  payment  of  any  dividend  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022 (2021: Nil).

## 14 LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to shareholders of the  Company  of  US$11,425,000  (2021:  US$5,952,000),  and  the  weighted  average  number  of  ordinary  shares  of 360,000,000 (2021: 360,000,000) in issue during the year.

No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amount presented for each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in respect of a dilution as the Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

## 15 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

| Right-of-use  assets  (Note (c))  Buildings  Renovation  and leasehold  improvements  Plant and  machinery  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Motor  vehicles  Construction  in progress  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  December 31, 2022  At January 1, 2022:  Cost  26,112  45,527  10,124  8,425  2,858  961  61,367  155,374  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (7,704)  (27,756)  (8,966)  (5,146)  (2,621)  (881)  -  (53,074)  Net carrying amount  18,408  17,771  1,158  3,279  237  80  61,367  102,300  Net carrying amount:  At January 1, 2022  18,408  17,771  1,158  3,279  237  80  61,367  102,300  Additions  -  21  51  12  147  -  32,481  32,712  Lease modifications  (159)  -  -  -  -  -  -  (159)  Write-off  -  -  (530)  -  -  -  -  (530)  Transfer from construction in progress  -  -  60,511  12,102  18,141  -  (90,754)  -  Depreciation provided during the year  (1,302)  (920)  (630)  (690)  (592)  (25)  -  (4,159)  At December 31, 2022  16,947  16,872  60,560  14,703  17,933  55  3,094  130,164  At December 31, 2022:  Cost  24,814  45,548  69,282  20,539  21,146  961  3,094  185,384  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (7,867)  (28,676)  (8,722)  (5,836)  (3,213)  (906)  -  (55,220)  Net carrying amount  16,947  16,872  60,560  14,703  17,933  55  3,094  130,164   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 15 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

| Right-of-use  assets  (Note (c))  Buildings  Renovation  and leasehold  improvements  Plant and  machinery  Furniture,  fixtures and  equipment  Motor vehicles  Construction in  progress  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  December 31, 2021  At January 1, 2021:  Cost  23,996  45,583  26,479  9,359  5,683  947  12,393  124,440  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (6,163)  (26,911)  (23,535)  (6,880)  (5,346)  (886)  -  (69,721)  Net carrying amount  17,833  18,672  2,944  2,479  337  61  12,393  54,719  Net carrying amount:  At January 1, 2021  17,833  18,672  2,944  2,479  337  61  12,393  54,719  Additions  -  41  265  1,665  108  56  49,008  51,143  Lease modifications  2,179  -  -  -  -  -  -  2,179  Disposals  -  -  -  (5)  (10)  -  -  (15)  Write-off  -  (26)  (1,103)  (164)  (11)  -  (34)  (1,338)  Depreciation provided during the year  (1,577)  (916)  (907)  (696)  (187)  (37)  -  (4,320)  Impairment provided during the year  (27)  -  (41)  -  -  -  -  (68)  At December 31, 2021  18,408  17,771  1,158  3,279  237  80  61,367  102,300  At December 31, 2021:  Cost  26,112  45,527  10,124  8,425  2,858  961  61,367  155,374  Accumulated depreciation and impairment  (7,704)  (27,756)  (8,966)  (5,146)  (2,621)  (881)  -  (53,074)  Net carrying amount  18,408  17,771  1,158  3,279  237  80  61,367  102,300   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) As at December 31, 2022, certain hotel assets of the Group of US$106,200,000 (2021: US$76,281,000) have been pledged as security for the banking facilities.

- (b) As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  had  property,  plant  and  equipment  of  hotel  and  retail  store  assets  of  approximately US$127,500,000  (2021:  US$99,044,000)  and  approximately  US$2,439,000  (2021:  US$2,981,000)  respectively  that  were subject to impairment tests in the event that trading performance is below expectation, store is loss making or existence of other observable indications of declined in value of the property, plant and equipment. The Group considered each individual hotel and retail store as a separately identifiable cash-generating unit (' CGU ') and performed impairment assessments on each of the CGU with impairment indicators by considering the recoverable amount of such assets at hotel and retail store level.

The carrying amounts of the hotel and retail store assets are written down to its recoverable amount if the asset's carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount. The estimates of the recoverable amounts were based on value-inuse calculations using discounted cash flow projections prepared by management covering the remaining tenure of the lease, with major assumptions such as percentage change in revenue, gross profit margin and operating costs. No impairment loss of property, plant and equipment (including right-of-use assets) was recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2022 (2021: US$68,000).

For the year ended December 31, 2022, property, plant and equipment of US$530,000 (2021: US$1,338,000) from hotels and resorts segment were written off as they are deemed to have no economic value.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 15 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

## (c) Leases

The Group leases various land, retail stores, offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically made for periods of 2 to 60 years, but may have extension options as described in (iv) below.

Lease  terms  are  negotiated  on  an  individual  basis  and  contain  a  wide  range  of  different  terms  and  conditions.  The  lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

- (i) The  following  right-of-use  assets  are  included  in  'Property,  plant  and  equipment'  in  the  consolidated  statement  of financial position.
* The Group has land lease arrangement with the CNMI and Guam government.
- (ii) The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Right-of-use assets  Leasehold land*  14,638  15,339  Buildings  2,309  3,069  16,947  18,408   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Carrying amount at 1 January  20,299  19,588  Accretion of interest recognized during the year  906  970  Rent concessions from lessors  (405)  (698)  Modification  (358)  2,177  Payments  (1,651)  (1,738)  Carrying amount at 31 December  18,791  20,299  Analyzed into:  Current portion  1,268  1,539  Non-current portion  17,523  18,760  18,791  20,299  The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is as follows:  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 1 year  1,268  1,539  After 1 year but within 2 years  999  1,237  After 2 years but within 5 years  1,893  2,246  After 5 years  14,631  15,277  18,791  20,299   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 15 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

## (c) Leases (Continued)

- (iii) The amounts recognized in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets  Leasehold land  701  705  Buildings  601  872  1,302  1,577  Interest on lease liabilities (Note 8)  906  970  Expense relating to short-term leases (Note 9)  334  224  Expense relating to variable lease payments not included in lease liabilities  (Note 9)  452  306  Rent concessions from lessors  (405)  (698)  Gain on lease modification of lease contracts  (199)  -  Gain on early termination of lease contracts  -  2  Impairment of right-of-use assets  -  27  Total amount recognized in profit or loss  2,390  2,408   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (iv) Extension and termination options

The Group has several lease contracts that include extension and termination options. These options are negotiated by management to provide flexibility in managing the leased-asset portfolio and they are aligned with the Group's business needs. There were no undiscounted potential future rental payments relating to periods following the exercise date of extension and termination options that are not included in the lease terms. All extension options included in the lease contracts are expected to be exercised while all termination options are expected not to be exercised.

## (v) Variable lease payments

Some property leases contain variable payment terms that are linked to sales generated from hotels and retail stores. For individual stores, certain lease payments are on the basis of variable payment terms with percentages ranging from 5% to 20% of sales. Variable payment terms are used for a variety of reasons, including minimizing the fixed costs base for hotels and retail stores. Variable lease payments that depend on sales are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which the condition that triggers those payments occurs. A 10% increase in sales across all hotels and retail stores in the Group with such variable lease contracts would increase total lease payments by approximately US$45,000 (2021: US$31,000).

- (vi) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 29(b) to the financial statements.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 16 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At January 1:  Cost  3,947  3,950  Accumulated depreciation  (1,814)  (1,722)  Net carrying amount  2,133  2,228  Net carrying amount:  At January 1  2,133  2,228  Additions  2  5  Depreciation provided during the year  (98)  (97)  Write-off  -  (3)  At December 31  2,037  2,133  At December 31:  Cost  3,949  3,947  Accumulated depreciation  (1,912)  (1,814)  Net carrying amount  2,037  2,133   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

(a) The  investment  properties  are  situated  in  Saipan  and  Guam.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  fair  values  of  the  investment properties  of  the  Group,  as  determined  by  the  directors,  were  US$7,068,000  (2021:  US$7,068,000).  The  fair  values  of investment properties are determined by using the income approach, which takes into account significant unobservable inputs (level 3) including average daily rate and capitalization rate.

(b) As  at  December  31,  2022,  certain  investment  properties  of  the  Group  of  US$2,011,000  (2021:  US$2,090,000),  have  been pledged as security for the banking facilities.

## 17 INTANGIBLE ASSETS

| Computer software  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At January 1:  Cost  825  825  Accumulated amortization  (717)  (596)  Net carrying amount  108  229  Net carrying amount:  At January 1  108  229  Additions  2  -  Amortization provided during the year  (49)  (121)  At December 31  61  108  At December 31:  Cost  827  825  Accumulated amortization  (766)  (717)  Net carrying amount  61  108  ## 18 INVENTORIES  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  ## Merchandises  1,435  2,562   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

No  provision  for  obsolete  inventory  was  recognized  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022  (2021:  US$344,000). The write-down of inventories to net realizable value for the year ended 31 December 2021 was included in 'Other expenses' in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 19 TRADE RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  Note  US$'000  US$'000  Trade receivables  (a)  9,986  13,657  Impairment  (c)  (711)  (706)  9,275  12,951   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Notes:

- (a) The  Group's  sale  to  tour  operators,  traditional  travel  agents  and  several  corporate  customers  are  mainly  on  credit  and  the credit term is generally 30 days from the invoice date. Each customer has a maximum credit limit. The Group seeks to maintain strict  control  over  its  outstanding  receivables  and  overdue  balances  are  reviewed  regularly  by  the  management.  The  Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances.
- (b) The  aging  analysis  of  the  trade  receivables  as  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period,  based  on  invoice  date  and  net  of  loss allowance, is as follows:
- (c) The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 30 days  62  1,789  31 to 60 days  41  1,665  61 to 90 days  4  1,272  Over 90 days  9,168  8,225  9,275  12,951   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  At beginning of the year  706  615  Impairment loss  5  115  Amounts written off as uncollectible  -  (24)  At end of the year  711  706   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The Group applies the simplified approach to providing for expected credit losses prescribed by HKFRS 9, which permits the use of the lifetime expected loss provision for all trade receivables.

An  impairment  analysis  is  performed  at  each  reporting  date  using  a  provision  matrix  to  measure  expected  credit  losses for  trade  receivables  (except  for  the  receivable  from  a  government  authority).  To  measure  the  expected  credit  losses, trade  receivables  (except  for  the  receivable  from  a  government  authority)  have  been  grouped  based  on  shared  credit  risk characteristics and the days past due.

## 19 TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

Notes: (Continued)

(c) The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows: (Continued)

Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group's trade receivables (other than the receivable from the government authority) using a provision matrix:

| Past due  Current  Within 30  days  31 to 60  days  61 to 90  days  Over 90  days  Total  At December 31, 2022  Expected credit loss rate  15.1%  24.1%  55.6%  -  100.0%  Gross carrying amount (US$'000)  73  54  9  -  533  669  Expected credit losses (US$'000)  11  13  5  -  533  562  At December 31, 2021  Expected credit loss rate  14.6%  31.3%  40.0%  100.0%  99.2%  Gross carrying amount (US$'000)  41  32  10  1  479  563  Expected credit losses (US$'000)  6  10  4  1  475  496   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  trade  receivable  from  the  governmental  authority  amounted  to  approximately  US$9,317,000 (2021:  US$13,094,000).  The  credit  quality  of  a  governmental  authority  has  been  assessed  by  reference  to  external  credit ratings  or  to  historical  information  about  the  counterparty  default  rates.  Impairment  of  approximately  US$149,000  (2021: US$210,000) has been provided as at December 31, 2022.

## 20 PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Deposits  840  842  Prepayments  2,134  936  Other receivables  45  16  3,019  1,794  Portion classified as current assets  (1,718)  (955)  Non-current portion  1,301  839   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying amounts of deposits and other receivables mentioned above. The Group does not hold collateral as security.

The  Group  accounts  for  its  credit  risk  by  appropriately  providing  for  expected  credit  losses  on  a  timely  basis.  In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers historical loss rates for each category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking macroeconomic data.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 20 PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)

As at December 31, 2022, all of these financial assets are considered to have low credit risk, and thus the impairment provision  recognized  during  the  year  was  limited  to  12  months  expected  losses.  Management  considered  these financial assets to be low credit risk when they have a low risk of default and the issuer has a strong capacity to meet its  contractual  cash  flow  obligations  in  the  near  term.  The  Group  has  assessed  that  the  12  months  expected  credit losses for these receivables are not material, and thus, no loss allowance provision was recognized during the year.

The  carrying  amounts  of  prepayments,  deposits  and  other  receivables  approximate  their  fair  values  and  are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$  2,985  1,720  HK$  34  74  3,019  1,794  ## 21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Cash at banks  3,370  8,027  Cash on hand  81  50  3,451  8,077  Maximum exposure to credit risk  3,370  8,027   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 21 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS (Continued)

Cash and cash equivalents are denominated in the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$  3,364  8,037  HK$  87  40  3,451  8,077   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default.

## 22 ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL AND SHARE PREMIUM

Ordinary shares of HK$0.01 each, issued and fully paid:

| Number of  shares  Nominal value of  ordinary shares  Share premium  US$'000  US$'000  At January 1 and December 31, 2021 and 2022  360,000,000  461  38,122   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 23 CAPITAL RESERVE AND OTHER RESERVE

## (a) Capital reserve

Capital  reserve  of  US$27,006,000  represented  the  contribution  from  the  immediate  holding  company  with respect to the consideration for the acquisition of subsidiaries pursuant to a reorganization for the Listing.

## (b) Other reserve

Other reserve of US$4,809,000 mainly represented the deemed contribution from Tan Holdings Limited before the reorganization for the Listing.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 24 SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

As at December 31, 2022, the Group's accumulated negative balances of non-controlling interests (' NCI ') amounting to  approximately  US$342,000  (2021:  US$273,000),  are  arising  from  Gemkell  Corporation  and  Gemkell  (Saipan) Corporation, which are the Group's 80% owned subsidiaries.

## Summarized financial information of the subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest

Set out below is the summarized financial information of Gemkell Corporation and Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation, which have non-controlling interests that are material to the Group.

## (a) Gemkell Corporation

Summarized statement of financial position of Gemkell Corporation:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current  Assets  4,415  6,648  Liabilities  (3,892)  (5,657)  Net current assets  523  991  Non-current  Assets  3,632  3,828  Liabilities  (2,408)  (2,995)  Net non-current assets  1,224  833  Net assets  1,747  1,824  Accumulated NCI  349  365   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Summarized statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of Gemkell Corporation:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  6,557  3,828  Loss for the year and total comprehensive loss for the year  (77)  (1,096)  Total comprehensive loss for the year attributable to NCI  (16)  (219)   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 24 SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

## Summarized financial information of the subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (Continued)

## (a) Gemkell Corporation (Continued)

Summarized statement of cash flows of Gemkell Corporation:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities  (1,882)  1,170  Net cash flows used in investing activities  (671)  (17)  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (326)  (685)  Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents  (2,879)  468   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation

Summarized statement of financial position of Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current  Assets  590  2,833  Liabilities  (4,058)  (5,956)  Net current liabilities  (3,468)  (3,123)  Non-current  Assets  15  11  Liabilities  -  (76)  Net non-current assets/(liabilities)  15  (65)  Net liabilities  (3,453)  (3,188)  Accumulated NCI  (691)  (638)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 24 SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (Continued)

## Summarized financial information of the subsidiaries with material non-controlling interest (Continued)

## (b) Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation (Continued)

Summarized statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income of Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Revenue  891  543  (Loss)/profit for the year and total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year  (265)  155  Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year attributable to NCI  (53)  31  Summarized statement of cash flows of Gemkell (Saipan) Corporation:  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Net cash flows (used in)/from operating activities  (1,404)  21  Net cash flows used in financing activities  (12)  (23)  Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents  (1,416)  (2)   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 25 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Trade payables  - to third parties (Note (a))  995  1,105  - to related parties (Note (b))  165  50  Total trade payables  1,160  1,155  Accruals and other payables  - Accrued staff salaries  597  434  - Other taxes payable  1,230  2,149  - Other accruals and payables  4,958  4,828  - Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment  2,132  2,877  - Deferred government grants (Note (c))  -  2,262  8,917  12,550  10,077  13,705   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 25 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)

## (a) Trade payables to third parties

The aging analysis of the trade payables to third parties based on invoice date is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 30 days  856  642  31 to 60 days  102  71  61 to 90 days  6  62  Over 90 days  31  330  995  1,105   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Trade payables to related parties

As at December 31, 2022, the trade payables to related parties are unsecured, interest-free and with credit term of 30 days.

The aging analysis of trade payables to related parties based on invoice date is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 30 days  4  1  31 to 60 days  9  4  61 to 90 days  3  22  Over 90 days  149  23  165  50   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) Deferred government grants

For  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022,  Paycheck  Protection  Program  (' PPP  loan ')  of  approximately US$2,093,000 (2021: US$2,875,000) has been forgiven by the government and recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income over the year ended December 31, 2022 to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate. As at December 31, 2022, no PPP loan outstanding was  recognized  as  deferred  government  grant  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position  (2021: US$2,262,000).

- (d) The  carrying  amounts  of  trade  and  other  payables  approximate  their  fair  values  and  are  denominated  in  the following currencies:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  US$  9,711  13,306  HK$  366  399  10,077  13,705   |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 26 BANK BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Current  Short-term bank borrowing, unsecured  5,000  -  Term loans, secured  - due for repayment within 1 year which contain a repayment on demand clause  367  -  - due for repayment after 1 year which contain a repayment on demand clause  42,633  17,000  Total bank borrowings  48,000  17,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Bank  borrowings  due  for  repayment  after  1  year  which  contain  a  repayment  on  demand  clause  is  classified  as  a current liability.

The  expected  repayment  dates  of  the  Group's  bank  borrowings  that  are  grouped  under  'Repayment  on  demand' category, with reference to schedules of repayments set out in the term loan agreements, are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 1 year  367  -  After 1 year but within 2 years  3,133  367  After 2 years but within 5 years  39,500  16,633  43,000  17,000   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The  effective  interest  rate  of  the  bank  borrowings  was  4.05%  per  annum  for  the  year  ended  December  31,  2022 (2021: 2.5%).

The carrying amount of the Group's bank borrowings approximate their fair value and are denominated in US$.

As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  had  aggregate  banking  facilities  of  US$48,000,000  (2021:  US$43,000,000). There were no unutilized facilities as at December 31, 2022 (2021: US$26,000,000). The Group's banking facility is secured and guaranteed by:

- (a) certain  property,  plant  and  equipment  and  investment  properties  owned  by  the  Group  with  carrying  amounts of  US$106,200,000  (2021:  US$76,281,000)  and  US$2,011,000  (2021:  US$2,090,000),  respectively  as  at December 31, 2022 (notes 15 and 16); and
- (b) corporate guarantee provided by the Company and its subsidiaries.

## 27 OTHER BORROWINGS

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Non-current  Shareholder's loan  1,800  -  Current  Shareholder's loan  5,000  -  Accrued interests  15  -  5,015  -  6,815  -  The expected repayment dates of the Group's other borrowings are as follows:  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 1 year  5,015  -  After 1 year but within 2 years  1,800  -  6,815  -   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

On August 30, 2022, the Group entered into a loan agreement with Tan Holdings for loan facility of US$5,000,000. The loan is unsecured, interest-bearing at 2% per annum and repayable in 1 year from the date of the loan agreement. As at December 31, 2022, an amount of US$5,000,000 had been drawn down by the Company and it was classified as a current liability.

On December 16, 2022, the Group entered into a loan agreement with Tan Holdings for loan facility of US$8,000,000. The  loan  is  unsecured,  interest-bearing  at  2%  per  annum  and  repayable  in  2  years  from  the  date  of  the  loan agreement. As at December 31, 2022, an amount of US$1,800,000 had been drawn down by the Company and it was classified as a non-current liability.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 28 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS

The components of deferred tax assets and their movements during the year are as follows:

| Attributable to  Impairment  of trade  receivables  Depreciation  allowances  in excess  of related  depreciation  Tax losses  and others  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At January 1, 2021  73  2,267  1,204  3,544  Deferred tax credited to profit or loss  during the year  4  149  920  1,073  At December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022  77  2,416  2,124  4,617  Deferred tax credited/(charged) to profit or  loss during the year  1  (1,441)  6,394  4,954  At December 31, 2022  78  975  8,518  9,571   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

The movements of deferred tax liabilities are as follows:

| Accelerated tax  depreciation  US$'000  At January 1, 2021  (254)  Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year  (22)  At December 31, 2021 and January 1, 2022  (276)  Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year  (2,805)  ## At December 31, 2022  (3,081)   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Deferred  tax  assets  are  recognized  for  tax  loss  carry-forwards  to  the  extent  that  the  realization  of  the  related  tax benefit  through  future  taxable  profits  is  probable.  As  at  December  31,  2022,  the  Group  did  not  have  unrecognized deferred tax assets (2021: Nil) in respect of losses that can be carried forward against future taxable income.

Pursuant to income tax laws of the CNMI, Guam and Hawaii, withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to foreign investors  from  the  foreign  investment  enterprises  established  in  these  jurisdictions.  The  Group  is  therefore  liable  to withholding taxes on dividends declared by the subsidiaries established in these jurisdictions.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 28 DEFERRED TAX ASSETS (Continued)

At  31  December  2022,  no  deferred  tax  has  been  recognized  for  withholding  taxes  that  would  be  payable  on  the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group's subsidiaries established in these jurisdictions. In  the  opinion  of  the  directors,  the  Group's  fund  will  be  retained  in  these  jurisdictions  for  the  reinvestment  of the  Group's  operation  and  therefore  it  is  not  probable  that  these  subsidiaries  will  distribute  such  earnings  in  the foreseeable  future.  The  aggregate  amount  of  temporary  differences  associated  with  investments  in  subsidiaries  in these  jurisdictions  for  which  deferred  tax  liabilities  have  not  been  recognized  totaled  approximately  US$8,552,000 (2021: US$9,124,000) as at December 31, 2022.

## 29 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

## (a) Major non-cash transactions

During the year, the Group had non-cash transactions for right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of US$159,000 (2021: US$2,179,000) and US$358,000 (2021: US$2,177,000), respectively, in respect of lease modification.

## (b) The movements of liabilities from financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022:

| Lease  liabilities  Bank  borrowings  Other  borrowings  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At January 1, 2021  19,588  -  -  19,588  Accrued interest  970  94  -  1,064  Change from financing cash flows  (1,738)  16,906  -  15,168  Rent concessions from lessors  (698)  -  -  (698)  Lease modification  2,177  -  -  2,177  At December 31, 2021 and  January 1, 2022  20,299  17,000  -  37,299  Accrued interest  906  1,450  15  2,371  Change from financing cash flows  (1,651)  29,550  6,800  34,699  Rent concessions from lessors  (405)  -  -  (405)  Lease modification  (358)  -  -  (358)  At December 31, 2022  18,791  48,000  6,815  73,606   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (c) The total cash outflow for leases included in the consolidated statement of cash flows is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within operating activities  786  530  Within financing activities  1,651  1,738  2,437  2,268   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 30 COMMITMENTS

## (a) Operating leases rental receivables - the Group as lessor

At December 31, 2022, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under noncancellable operating leases with its tenants are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Within 1 year  67  68  After 1 year but within 2 years  36  19  103  87   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## (b) Capital commitments

Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of each reporting period but not recognized as liabilities is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Property, plant and equipment  4,290  13,150   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 31 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES

(a) The Group had the following material transactions with related parties during the year:

| Company name  Nature of transactions  2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Companies controlled by the Controlling Shareholder:  Strategic Gaming Solution, Inc.*  Rental income and expenses recharged  -  9  CTSI Holdings Limited and its  subsidiaries*  Freight forwarding and logistics  expenses  1,109  1,140  Cosmos Distributing Co. Ltd.*  Purchase of merchandises  34  -  TakeCare Insurance Company Inc.*  Insurance fee  524  548  Luen Thai International Development  Limited*  Rental expenses and expenses charged  61  58  Fellow subsidiaries:  L&amp;T Group of Companies Ltd.  Shared-services expenses  189  192  Staff costs charges  86  108  D&amp;Q Co. Ltd.*  Purchase of merchandises  16  39  Beach Road Tourism Development,  Inc.*  Rental expenses and expenses charged  221  179  L&amp;T Group of Companies Ltd.*  Rental expenses and expenses charged  68  73   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* These transactions also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

## 31 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)

## (a) (Continued)

The  pricing  of  these  transactions  was  determined  based  on  mutual  negotiation  and  agreement  between  the Group and related parties.

Outstanding balances and other transactions with related parties:

- (i) Details of the trade payables balances with related parties at the end of the reporting period are disclosed in note 25(b) to the financial statements.

(ii) Details of the amounts due from/to related parties at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Due from fellow subsidiaries  12  -  Due from companies controlled by the Controlling Shareholder  3  1  Total amounts due from related parties  15  1  Due to fellow subsidiaries  115  44  Due to companies controlled by the Controlling Shareholder  496  72  Total amounts due to related parties  611  116   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

As at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balances with related parties were unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.

- (iii) Details  of  shareholder's  loans  at  the  end  of  the  reporting  period  are  disclosed  in  note  27  to  the  financial statements.

## (b) Key management compensation

Key management includes directors and senior management of the Group. The compensation paid or payable to key management for employees' services is shown below:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Wage, salaries, bonuses and other allowances and other benefits  1,158  1,195  Pension scheme contribution (defined contribution scheme)  9  7  1,167  1,202   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 32 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

All financial assets and liabilities of the Group as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are classified as financial assets and liabilities at amortized cost, respectively.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 33 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities are determined as follows:

- the  fair  values  of  financial  assets  with  standard  terms  and  conditions  and  traded  on  active  liquid  markets  are determined with reference to quoted market bid prices; and
- the  fair  values  of  other  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  included  in  the  Level  2  and  Level  3  categories have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

The directors of the Company consider that the fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities which are due to be received or settled within one year approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

The  fair  values  of  the  non-current  portion  of  financial  assets  and  financial  liabilities  have  been  calculated  by discounting  the  expected  future  cash  flows  using  rates  currently  available  for  instruments  with  similar  terms,  credit risk and remaining maturities. The fair values of the non-current portion of financial assets and financial liabilities are approximate to their carrying amounts. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group's own nonperformance risk as at December 31, 2022 were assessed to be insignificant.

## 34 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

The Group's principal financial instruments comprise bank and other borrowings and cash and cash equivalents. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group's operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.

The main risks  arising  from  the  Group's  financial  instruments  are  interest  rate  risk,  foreign  currency  risk,  credit  risk and liquidity risk.  The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are summarized below.

## Interest rate risk

The  Group's  exposure  to  interest  rate  risks  relates  primarily  to  the  Group's  banks  deposits  and  borrowings  with floating interest rates. The interest rates and terms of repayment of the Group's interest-bearing bank borrowings are disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements. Interest rate risk is managed on an ongoing basis with the primary objective of limiting the extent to which net interest expense could be affected by adverse movements in interest rate.

As at December 31, 2022, if interest rates had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other variables were held constant,  the  Group's  pre-tax  loss  for  the  year  would  have  been  approximately  US$223,000  higher/lower  (2021: US$45,000 higher/lower).

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 34 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Foreign currency risk

Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial transactions and recognized assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the functional currency of the relevant group entity.

The  Group  mainly  operate  in  Saipan,  Guam,  Hawaii  and  Hong  Kong  with  most  of  the  transactions  settled  in  US$ and  Hong  Kong  dollars  (' HK$ ').  Foreign  exchange  rate  risk  arises  when  recognized  financial  assets  and  liabilities are  denominated in  a  currency  that  is  not  the  entity's  functional  currency.  As  HK$  is  pegged  to  US$,  the  directors considered the foreign exchange risk on HK$ to the Group is minimal.

As at  December 31, 2022, the financial  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  subsidiaries  of  the  Group  in  Saipan,  Guam  and Hawaii are primarily denominated in US$. Therefore, management considers the foreign exchange risk is insignificant to the Group.

## Credit risk

The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group's credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at December, 31. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts of financial assets.

With respect to credit risk arising from financial assets of the Group, which mainly comprise cash and bank balances, trade  receivables,  deposits  and  other  receivables,  and  amounts  due  from  related  parties,  the  Group's  exposure  to credit risk arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

| 12-month ECLs  Lifetime ECLs  Stage 1  Simplified  approach  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At December 31, 2022  Trade receivables*  -  9,986  9,986  Financial assets included in deposits and other  receivables - performing**  885  -  885  Amount due from related parties - performing**  15  -  15  Cash and cash equivalents - not yet past due  3,451  -  3,451  At December 31, 2021  Trade receivables*  -  13,657  13,657  Financial assets included in deposits and other  receivables - performing**  858  -  858  Amount due from related parties - performing**  1  -  1  Cash and cash equivalents - not yet past due  8,077  -  8,077   |
|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

* For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is disclosed in note 19(c) to the financial statements.

** The credit quality of the financial assets included in deposits and other receivables and amounts due from related parties is considered to be 'performing' when debtors have a low risk of default and a strong capacity to meet contractual cash flows. The basis of recognition of expected credit loss provision is 12-month ECLs. Where the expected lifetime of an asset is less than 12 months, expected losses are measured at its expected lifetime.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 34 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Liquidity risk

Prudent  liquidity  risk  management  implies  maintaining  sufficient  cash  and  the  availability  of  funding  through  an adequate amount of available credit facilities. The Group aims to maintain flexibility in funding by keeping credit lines available.

Management monitors rolling forecasts of the Group's liquidity requirements to ensure it has sufficient cash to meet operational  needs  while  maintaining  sufficient  headroom  on  its  undrawn  committed  borrowing  facilities  so  that  the Group does not breach borrowing limits or covenants (where applicable) on its banking facilities. Surplus cash held by  Group  entities  over  and  above  balances  required  for  working  capital  management  is  invested  in  interest-bearing bank accounts and bank deposits with appropriate maturities or sufficient liquidity to provide sufficient headroom as determined by the above-mentioned forecasts.

| Less than 1  year or on  demand  Between 1  and 2 years  Between 2  and 5 years  Over 5 years  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At December 31, 2022  Trade and other payables  8,250  -  -  -  8,250  Bank borrowing and interest payments  5,230  -  -  -  5,230  Term loans subject to a repayment on  demand clause  43,000  -  -  -  43,000  Other borrowings and interest payments  5,136  1,826  -  -  6,962  Lease liabilities and interest payments  2,127  1,809  4,144  30,938  39,018  Amounts due to related parties  611  -  -  -  611  64,354  3,635  4,144  30,938  103,071  At December 31, 2021  Trade and other payables  8,860  -  -  -  8,860  Term loans subject to a repayment on  demand clause  17,000  -  -  -  17,000  Lease liabilities and interest payments  2,436  2,107  4,583  32,308  41,434  Amounts due to related parties  116  -  -  -  116  28,412  2,107  4,583  32,308  67,410   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Term  loans  with  a  repayment  on  demand  clause  are  included  in  the  'Less  than  1  year  or  on  demand'  time  band in  the  above  maturity  analysis.  At  December  31,  2022,  the  aggregate  carrying  amount  of  the  term  loans  classified as  repayable  on  demand  was  US$43,000,000  (2021:  US$17,000,000).  Taking  into  account  the  Group's  financial position, the directors do not consider that it is probable that the bank will exercise its discretion to demand immediate repayment. The directors believe that such bank loan will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreement.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 34 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

## Liquidity risk (Continued)

For the purpose of managing liquidity risk, management reviews the expected cash flow information of the Group's bank borrowings. The maturity profile of the Group's bank borrowings with a repayment on demand clause as at the end of the reporting period, based on the scheduled repayment dates and the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

| Less than 1  year  Between 1  and 2 years  Between 2  and 5 years  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At December 31, 2022  Bank borrowings with a repayment  on demand clause  3,284  5,950  44,713  53,947  At December 31, 2021  Bank borrowings with a repayment  on demand clause  425  791  17,633  18,849   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

In  addition,  Tan  Holdings  has  undertaken  not  to  demand  repayment  of  the  amounts  due  to  them  of  US$6,800,000 (2021: Nil) until such time when the Group is in a position to repay without impairing its liquidity and financial position.

## Capital management

The Group's primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group's ability to  continue  as  a  going concern  so  that  it  can  continue  to  provide  returns  for  shareholders.  The  Group  manages  its  capital  structure  and makes adjustments to it, in light of changes in economic conditions. In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the amount of dividends paid to shareholders, return capital to shareholders, issue new shares or sell assets to reduce debt.

The  Group  monitors  capital  on  the  basis  of  the  gearing  ratio.  This  ratio  is  calculated  as  total  debt  divided  by  total capital.  Total  debt  includes  'Bank  borrowings'  as  shown  in  the  consolidated  statement  of  financial  position.  Total capital includes 'Equity' as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position.

The gearing ratios as at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  Total debt:  Bank borrowings (Note 26)  48,000  17,000  Total capital  74,177  85,671  Gearing ratio  64.7%  19.8%   |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## 35 EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

On February 28, 2023, the Group entered into a loan agreement with Tan Holdings for loan facility of US$8,000,000. The  loan  is  unsecured,  interest-bearing  at  2%  per  annum  and  repayable  in  2  years  from  the  date  of  the  loan agreement.

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 36 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

(a) Information about the statement of financial position of the Company as at the end of the reporting period is as follows:

| 2022  2021  US$'000  US$'000  ASSETS  Non-current assets  Property, plant and equipment  2  18  Investments in subsidiaries  51,550  51,550  Deposit  14  14  Total non-current assets  51,566  51,582  Current assets  Prepayments  34  76  Amounts due from subsidiaries  96,273  60,525  Cash and cash equivalents  182  621  Total current assets  96,489  61,222  Total assets  148,055  112,804  EQUITY  Equity attributable to shareholders of the Company  Issued share capital  461  461  Share premium  38,122  38,122  Capital reserve  54,225  54,225  Accumulated losses  (3,839)  (1,821)  Total equity  88,969  90,987  LIABILITIES  Non-current liabilities  Other borrowings  1,800  -  Current liabilities  Accruals and other payables  1,162  521  Other borrowings  5,015  -  Lease liabilities  -  15  Amounts due to subsidiaries  51,103  21,281  Amounts due to related parties  6  -  Total current liabilities  57,286  21,817  Total liabilities  59,086  21,817  Total equity and liabilities  148,055  112,804   |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

## Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

For the year ended December 31, 2022

## 36 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

(b) A summary of the Company's reserves is as follow:

| Share  premium  Capital  reserve  (Note)  Other reserve  Retained  earnings/  (accumulated  losses)  Total  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  US$'000  At January 1, 2021  38,122  54,225  4  1,070  93,421  Loss for the year  -  -  -  (2,891)  (2,891)  Other comprehensive loss:  Change in value of debt investment  at fair value through other  comprehensive income  -  -  (29)  -  (29)  Total comprehensive loss for the  year  -  -  (29)  (2,891)  (2,920)  Transfer of fair value loss on debt  investment at fair value through other  comprehensive income to profits or  loss upon disposal  -  -  25  -  25  At December 31, 2021 and  January 1, 2022  38,122  54,225  -  (1,821)  90,526  Loss for the year and total  comprehensive loss for the year  -  -  -  (2,018)  (2,018)  At December 31, 2022  38,122  54,225  -  (3,839)  88,508   |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: Capital reserve of the Company represented the difference between the net assets value of the subsidiaries acquired and the consideration settled by issuance of the shares of the immediate holding company pursuant to a reorganization for the Listing.

## 37 APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on March 30, 2023.

## Five Year Financial Summary

| 2018  2019  2020  2021  2022  Financial highlights (US$'000)  Total assets  75,887  131,187  123,651  136,828  158,508  Total liabilities  20,762  27,601  31,836  51,157  84,331  Bank borrowings  -  -  -  17,000  48,000  Equity attributable to the owners of the  Company  53,516  102,229  91,900  85,944  74,519  Working Capital  12,055  61,497  47,492  (5,290)  (46,553)  Revenue  100,178  98,699  40,784  19,801  15,751  Profit/(loss) attributable to the owners of the  Company  11,694  10,100  (9,320)  (5,952)  (11,425)  Key Ratios  Current ratio (times)  1.6  6.1  4.3  0.84  0.28  Profit margin attributable to the owners  of the Company  11.6%  10.2%  -22.9%  -30.1%  -72.5%   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Note: The financial summary of the Group is for information only and does not form part of the audited consolidated financial statements.